https://www.archibaldphotography.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to Menu Skip to Content Skip to Quick links PRIVACY POLICYPrivacy Statement Overview:Who we areOur website address is: https://www.archibaldphotography.co.uk/archibaldphotography.Who will use my data?Archibald Photography Ltd.What for?Depending on what you have given us permission to use your data, we will store and process your personal data in order to allow us to contact you in the form of an email newsletter, offering products and information that we believe may be of interest to you, and contacting you by telephone, email or post regarding orders that you place through the website. We will also store your order details, but do not store your payment details (these are processed externally by a payment processing company).What data will be stored?We will store your registration details, usage info, transactions details, and any preference information we collect as part of you visiting our website.What data will be shared?Third parties providing services to Archibald Photography Ltd for fulfilment of client orders will have protected access to data necessary for the fulfilment of orders.How long?Your data will be stored until you opt-out or unsubscribe. We will store transactions, payment and order data for up to 7 years or for as long as required by UK financial and company regulations.Who can access my data?We will never sell, share or otherwise distribute your data to any third party.We will share your information with any regulator or legal body that requests it in accordance with the law.How is my data kept secure?We will store your data on secure servers. We use industry standard security protocols/technology to secure data. Third parties that have access to your data for processing also adhere to the data protection laws and GDPR.——–Privacy PolicyUpdated: 25/05/18Archibald Photography Ltd. take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.  We will never sell, share or use your personal information other than as described here.About this privacy policyThis policy sets out how we will use and share the information that you give us. This policy describes your relationship with Archibald Photography Ltd.We aim to process information about you fairly and in a transparent manner and the aim of this document is to provide you with sufficient information for you to be able to understand what we are doing with your data. If you are unsure how we are handling information about you or you think we could improve our privacy information please contact the data controller using the contact details listed below.Who are we and how to contact usArchibald Photography Ltd is registered in Scotland.You can get in touch with us in any of the following ways:Email: info@archibaldphotography.co.ukPhone: 07949532205Website contact form: https://www.archibaldphotography.co.uk/archibaldphotography/contact/How to change your preferencesYou can unsubscribe at any time by answering “Unsubscribe” to any correspondence you receive from us. For all other changes, please contact us by one of the methods listed above.How we operateWe operate in line with EU GDPR data protection guidelines.  We are committed to maintaining your personal rights and allow all users to change or withdraw their opt-in options at anytime.  We will also advise you on how to complain to the relevant authorities, namely the Information Commissioner’s Office.Who this privacy policy applies toThis policy relates to users of the Archibald Photography Ltd website (www.archibaldphotography.co.uk/archibaldphotography).What this policy applies toThis section describes the lawful basis for processing your data and applies to the information about yourself that you choose to provide us with or that you allow us to collect. This includes: As a customer: • Information you provide during the registration process • Information you provide when browsing the website or submitting comments • Information you provide in the form of number data, messages or meta-data • Information we collect about how you use the website • Information relating to purchases and other transactions • Information given and stored as part of our ongoing relationshipScope of ConsentBy submitting your personal data on this site, you are affirming your explicit consent for such information to be used in accordance with this privacy policy.  You will be able to withdraw that consent at any time by the methods described.Opting out at a later dateOnce you have given your consent, you can amend or withdraw your consent at anytime.  You can also choose to object to processing at anytime. We respect all user rights as defined in GDPR.  If you have any comments or wish to complain please contact us via the contact details above.How we store and process your dataYour account data will be collected stored and processed in the UK only. In order to provide updates and offers that may be of interest to you we use recognised third parties to take payment, process email newsletters, manage our company accounts and provide banking services.  We will store transactions, payment and order data for up to 7 years or for as long as required by UK financial and company regulations. These third parties may operate outside the EU.Uses of your dataWe undertake the activities above for the reasons below:In the pursuit of our legitimate interests as a commercial organisation including the marketing and promotion of our brand, products, and services.To fulfil any contractual obligations we may have when you make purchases from us.Based on your consent.Our obligationsWe are a data controller. In relation to the information that you provide to us, we are legally responsible for how that information is handled.We will comply with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR [MAY 2018] in the way we use and share your personal data.  Among other things, this means that we will only use your personal data:• Fairly and lawfully • As set out in the legislation and this policy • To the extent necessary for these purposesWe will process your personal data ourselves as the data processor. We will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the personal information that you supply.GMC Publications Ltd. may from time to time use your information for marketing, account management or relationship management purposes. The main purpose of this is to provide you with information about goods and services which we may think may be of interest to you and/or to maintain any existing relationship we may have with you.Third PartiesYour data is not shared with any third parties other than as described here.SecurityWe will report any breaches or potential breaches to the appropriate authorities within 24 hours and to anyone affected by a breach within 72 hours. If you have any queries or concerns about your data usage please contact us.Legitimate InterestsUnder the Data Protection Act, we are also permitted to share some information with third parties who use such data for non-marketing purposes (including credit and risk assessment and management, identification and fraud prevention, debt collection and returning assets to you).Contacting us, exercising your information rights and Complaints If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, wish to exercise your information rights in connection with the personal data you have shared with us or wish to complain, please contact the Data Protection Officer at GMC Publications Ltd. (details above). You have the right to a Subject Access Request (SAR). We will process SARs within 20 days, SAR responses are usually free but we reserve the right to charge for excessive or unfounded requests. We fully comply with Data Protection legislation and will assist in any investigation or request made by the appropriate authorities.CookiesIf you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.