https://www.durhamfoundry.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
This cookie statement and privacy policy sets out how Durham Foundry uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Cookie Statement
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. This website does NOT deploy ANY third party affiliate marketing cookies. All cookies deployed form part of the following:
Essential Usage cookies to allow the website to function.
Non Essential cookies to allow us to track visitor numbers and related information such as popular webpage content.
We do not use any website cookies to track your activity in the generation of third party revenues or anything else that would be classed as intrusive to your activity on this website.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
There are four classifications of Cookies as set out by their level of “Intrusiveness”
Intrusiveness Level: ZERO
Any cookies that have the sole purpose of making the website work. They will always be first party, and for the most part session cookies. They would usually be used solely to enable site navigation, like maintaining a persistent user session across pages. They are cookies that would fall under the ‘strictly necessary’ exemption for consent in the regulations.
This website uses cookies that are “Strictly Necessary” to make the website function.
Intrusiveness Level: LOW
These are cookies that are designed to enhance the core user experience on the site, or help with measuring site performance. Google Analytics cookies, fall into this category which is a technology that allows for the tracking of website visitor numbers and areas of the website that are utilised by visitors. This information is provided by software that is provided by Google. This category is always first party and may include both session and persistent cookies. These cookies have a longer life span than 30 days and can be cleared from your browser at any time.
This website uses Google Analytics cookies that are “Intrusively Low” to inform the website owners of traffic and visitor numbers and related information such as webpage content usage.
Intrusiveness Level: MEDIUM
These are cookies that might be used to store more personally identifiable information, or can be used for limited cross-site tracking. This category would also include first party cookies that track or control the user experience within a site, in a way that might not be obvious to the user or under their control. Especially if it is a persistent cookie that can do this across multiple visits. A cookie that enables a website to present content based on previous visits by that user, or based on personal information would be good examples. Cookies used by many types of social networking services, and set by sharing buttons, would fall into this category. This is because they are only able to track a user if they have previously signed in and agreed to their terms and conditions, so they don’t affect all visitors. This would also include third party cookies that enable certain types of plug-ins and widgets to be added to a site to enhance user functionality, but are not identifying visitors or tracking behaviour across other domains, unless they have otherwise opted-in or signed up directly with that provider. Cookies used by many types of social networking services, and set by sharing buttons, would fall into this category. This is because they are only able to track a user if they have previously signed in and agreed to their terms and conditions, so they don’t affect all visitors. The Twitter Follow button is a good example of this. It can set cookies used for tracking and user profiling, but only if that user has a Twitter account.
This website uses cookies that are “Intrusively Medium” to inform the visitor of previous pages viewed. This information is anonymous to the website owners and is a feature to allow easier navigation of the website. In addition any third party links to social networking services throughout our website (Facebook, Twitter Google+ & YouTube for example) only deploy third party cookies if you have already signed up to these services and are signed into these services.
Intrusiveness Level: HIGH
Any cookies that are mainly intended to track and record visitor interests, without any kind of prior consent, and to aggregate that data across sites for the benefit of third parties would fall into this category. This would include all types of cookies served by online advertising and also cookies set through the provision of embedded content that is not directly advertising related. Embedded YouTube videos, or Google Maps set and retrieve cookies which could be used to track users across sites, even if they are not used to then serve up adverts. The vast majority of third party cookies would fall into this category.
This website does not directly deploy cookies that are “Intrusively High” within its source code. We do not deploy any third party cookies that are sold or supplied directly to third parties. Any third party embed technology such as a YouTube video has been set to “enable privacy enhanced mode” which means that no intrusive cookies are deployed.
Changing Cookie Settings on Your Computer
You can set up your website browser to refuse cookies or to alert you to their presence and thereby allow you to remove them from your computer by clicking any of the links below:
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Chrome
Safari
Privacy Policy
What we collect:
We may collect the following information if you utilise the enquiry form or email system:
Name and job title.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites:
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information:
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at the email address on this website
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the address found on this website.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the address found on this website.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective continuously until further notice.
Need help with your casting project? Let’s arrange a no-obligation chat about the best way to getting started.
By checking this box you consent to our Privacy Policy. I Accept
Or Call 0114 249 4977
Free Casting Guide
Need your castings manufactured and delivered on time and to budget?
Discover how in our FREE Castings Guide.
download now