http://www.tekmart.com/privacy
Equipment MarketplaceIndustrial InvestmentAsset ManagementManufacturing
salestor@tekmart.com
+1-416-385-1956
About
Contact
Login / Register
HOW TO TEKMART
Create Profile
(0)
About
Contact
Call Us Today
salestor@tekmart.com
+1-416-385-1956
SEARCH FULL SITE - START TYPING
Call Us Today
salestor@tekmart.com
+1-416-385-1956
Try again
Try again
Privacy
PrivacyPolicy
Tekmart is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will be used solely in accordance with this privacy statement. Tekmart may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as zip code or postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other
Information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you use these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over any other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
About
Global Activities
Major Projects
Team
Testimonials
News
Careers
Equipment Marketplace
BuySellMy ProfileMy Cart
Asset Management
Technology TransferCross Border RecoveryAppraisal & Valuation
Industrial Investment
India & EuropeRethink & RetoolTIMS
Manufacturing
Tekmart IMS (TIMS)
Download TIMS profile
TIMS Video Presentation
Resource Center
Technical LibraryWhite PapersDownload InventoryNewsTekmart Profile
Terms of Use | Privacy | © 2015
Sell
We are always looking toadd to our inventory.
SELL
If you have equipment that is surplus to requirements, our asset recovery program specializes in realizingthe best residual value with outright purchase, plus short to long-term consignment options.
Please submit the form below, and one of our buyers will respond within 24 hours.
*Required
If you have a detailed inventory list, or want to upload images of equipment, please send direct to:
salestor@tekmart.com
Download Inventory
PCB ASSEMBLY
LAB & TEST
PLASTICS
Account Login
LOGIN
LOGIN
Please log in to view this resource.
Or register to enjoy:
product updates
industry updates
quick quote access
equipment manuals
Set up Profile
It only takes a second!
Would you like to use these details set up your profile?
Your profile gives you access to valuable resources including Tekmart's renowned technical library, your personalized quote history and faster quotes.
It only takes a minute.
Yes, please set up my profile
No thanks just send my quote
You have already register an account with us.
Login Or Continue without Login