https://www.pra-world.com/terms-of-use/
01664 501212
01664 501212
Terms of use
This Site is provided by PRA World Ltd. PRA is a trading name of PRA World Ltd. Company registered in England and Wales, No. 10393032. Registered address: Pera Business Park, Nottingham Road, Melton Mowbray, LE13 0PB.
We are registered in England and Wales under company number 10393032 and have our registered office at Pera Business Park, Nottingham Road, Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, LE13 0PB.
Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the Site, as these will apply to your use of the Site. By using this website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with these terms and conditions then you are not authorised to use or access this Site.
Definitions
In these terms of use the following words shall have the following meanings:
“Us” and “PRA” refers to PRA World Ltd and “we” and “our” will be construed accordingly.
“You” refers to the customer or user who uses the Site subject to these terms and conditions and “your” will be construed accordingly.
“Site” means the site on the World Wide Web located at www.pra-world.com, and “Content” means the information and other material available within the Site.
Other Applicable Terms
These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of the Site:
our Privacy Statement, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using the Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
our Cookie Information, which sets out information about the cookies on the Site>
Personal Information
PRA will endeavour to ensure the information we hold will be accurate and up to date. Please view our Privacy Statement for more information.
Changes to these Terms
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page.
Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
Availability
You acknowledge that it is technically impossible to provide the Site free of faults and that we do not undertake to do so; that faults may lead to the temporary unavailability of the Site; and that the operation of the Site may be adversely affected by conditions and performances outside our control, including, without limitation, transmission and telecommunications links between us and you and between us and other systems and networks.
Warranty
We will perform our services with reasonable care and skill. No representation or warranty is given that the services will be uninterrupted or error free or that all errors or defects can be corrected or remedied. The Site is used at your own risk. We accept no liability for any loss or damage to your hardware and/or software and/or data resulting from your access and/or use of the Site.
Changes to the Site
We may update the Site from time to time, and may change the content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on the Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it.
No Reliance on Information
The content on the Site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on the Site.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on the Site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on the Site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.
Intellectual Property and use of Software
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks, database rights and all other intellectual property rights in the Content shall remain vested in us or our licensors. Your use of any software that is made available to download from the Site or via any hyperlink contained on the Site (“Software”) is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software (“Licence Agreement”). You may not install, copy or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a Licence Agreement unless you first agree to the terms of such Licence Agreement.
All title, copyrights and other intellectual property subsisting in or on this Site or in any artwork connected with the Site belong to us and will remain our property at all times – unless otherwise stated.
You ust not use any part of the Content on the Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If ou print off, copy or download any Content in breach of these terms of use, your right to use the Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Security
You are responsible for the security and proper use of (any) user name and passwords used from time to time in connection with the Site and must take all necessary steps to ensure that they are kept confidential, secure, used properly and not disclosed to unauthorised people. You must immediately inform us if there is any reason to believe that your user name or password has or is likely to become known to someone not authorised to use it or is being or is likely to be used in an unauthorised way. If you forget or lose a password or user name you must contact us and satisfy such security checks as we may operate. We reserve the right to suspend user name and password access to the Site and the services if at any time we consider that there is or is likely to be a breach of security. We reserve the right (in our sole discretion) to require you to change any or all of the passwords used by you in connection with the Site. You must immediately inform us of any changes to the information you supplied when registering for the Site.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that the Site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the Site. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse the Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to the Site, the server on which the Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Site. You must not attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use the Site will cease immediately.
Linking to the Site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to the Site in any website that is not owned by you.
The Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Site other than the home page.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Third Party Links and Resources in the Site
Where the Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only.
We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources.
Limitation of our Liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, the Site; or
use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Site.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;
business interruption;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or
any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide the Site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use the Site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Site or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on the Site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Miscellaneous
Notices shall be given to the relevant party at the addresses given by you, or at such address as is notified to the other to this purpose.
This agreement constitutes the whole agreement between the parties and can only be varied in writing.
We may assign the benefit (subject to the burden) of this agreement to any purchaser of our business.
Your statutory rights are not affected at all by these terms and conditions.
If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.If you are a business, these terms of use, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Each party confirms that, save as expressly set out in this agreement, no term of this agreement is enforceable under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any third party who but for that Act would not have been entitled to enforce such terms.
Please read the statement on Copyright Information
Contact us
To contact us please email enquiries@pra-world.com
Follow us on Social Media
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
mobile
Home
About PRA
Research & Development
Independent Testing
Viscosity Oils
Training
Market Intelligence
Membership
Schedule of Accreditation
© 2018 PRA World Ltd - Website built by Provident IT Solutions.
Copyright  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Statement  |  Cookie Information
01664 501212
Home
About PRA
About PRA
Meet the Team
PRA Advisory Board
Products & Services
Research & Development
Research & Development Overview
Formulating
Coating Evaluations
Bench Marking
Raw Material Evaluations
Coating Selections
New Product Development
Applications
Brand Specifications
Process Development
Scale up support
Technology Scouting
Market Diligence
Resin Synthesis
Consultancy
Consultants Required
–
Independent Testing
Independent Testing Overview
– Testing Paints Before Application
– Mechanical Properties
– Colour and Optical Properties
– Weathering & Durability
– Corrosion Resistance
Ecolabel Accreditation
Paint Analysis
– Substrates
– Raw Materials
– Fully Formulated Coatings
– Multi-layer Coating Systems
Viscosity Oils
–
Training
Training Courses
Distance Learning Courses
Customised Training
Market Intelligence
Industrial
Architectural
Bespoke / Single – Client
Irfab Market Reports Library
Events/News
News
Events
Membership
Membership Overview
Membership Structure
PRA Members List
Coatings Online Library
Contact PRA
PRA Store
PRA Store
Viscosity Oils
Market Reports
Quote Request List
PRA Careers
01664 501212
LinkedInFacebookTwitterCall us
X Close