http://www.ghost.co.uk/terms
Our website uses cookies so that you can place orders and we can provide a better service. Continue to use the site as normal if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.
Terms & Conditions
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions (Terms & Conditions) on which we supply any of the products (Products) listed on our website www.ghost.co.uk (the Site) to you. The Products listed on the Site will be supplied directly by Ghost. Please read these Terms & Conditions carefully before ordering any Products from the Site. You should understand that by ordering any of our Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. You can print a copy of these Terms & Conditions by selecting the print option from the “File” menu of your browser. Please also note that the use of the Site is subject to the terms contained in the Website Terms of Use, which apply whether or not you order any Products from the Site. You should also read our Privacy Policy.
1. Information about us
The Site is operated by Ghost Retail Limited (we / us). We are registered in England under company number 6734971 with our registered office at 85 Frampton Street, London, NW8 8NQ. Our UK VAT registration number is 940 8236 25.
2. How the contract is formed between you and us
2.1 You may place an order to purchase a Product advertised for sale on the Site by following the onscreen prompts after clicking on the item you are interested in. You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your order up until the point at which you submit your order by clicking the “Proceed” button on the “Payment” page. No amends can be made by you to your order after this point.
2.2 After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order and giving you an order number and a summary of your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a Product. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail that confirms that the Product has been dispatched (the Dispatch Confirmation). The contract between us for the sale of a Product will only be formed when we send you the Dispatch Confirmation for the relevant Product. If you order several Products from us which are being delivered at different times each contract is formed when we provide the Dispatch Confirmation for each Product.
2.3 Each Contract will relate only to those Products whose dispatch we have confirmed in the Dispatch Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other Products which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such Products has been confirmed in a separate Dispatch Confirmation.
2.4 We may choose not to accept your order for any reason and we will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances.
2.5 We may be unable to process your order if:(a) the Product you ordered is out of stock or discontinued; or (b) there is a problem with authorisation of your method of payment.
2.6 Certain Products made available on the Site are subject to age restrictions imposed by law. We are not permitted by law to supply these Products to individuals who do not satisfy the relevant age requirement and, if you are underage, you must not attempt to order these Products. By registering on the Site, using the Site and / or making a purchase, you confirm and certify that the information you provide, included but not limited to, your date of birth is complete, accurate and up-to-date.
3. Delivery
3.1 We will deliver the Products to you in accordance with the delivery option specified by you when you placed your order (e.g. next day or standard delivery).
3.2 We will dispatch all Products comprised in your order which are supplied by us at the same time albeit on some occasions in multiple packages. Delivery will be made to the delivery address specified in your order. Please see Delivery Information for details of where we deliver and the available delivery options. We cannot deliver items within the same order to multiple addresses. We are not responsible for any additional carrying or positioning of Products ordered.
4. Risk and Ownership
4.1 Once delivered, the Products ordered will become your responsibility and, except in relation to Products that are damaged or faulty when delivered or have been incorrectly delivered, we will not accept any liability for their loss, damage or destruction after they have been delivered.
5. Price and Payment
5.1 The price of any Products will be as quoted on the Site from time to time, except in cases of obvious error.
5.2 These prices include VAT at the applicable local rates but exclude delivery costs. Delivery costs will be added to the total amount due once you have selected a delivery service from the available options. These are set out in Delivery Information.
5.3 Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you a Dispatch Confirmation.
5.4 From the 14th of September 2019, new payment security measures will be introduced in response to a change in the law. The new system is called Strong Customer Authentication (SCA), and will apply both online and in store. These changes have been put in place to provide additional security when shopping with us.
5.4.1 Shopping In Store:  When making contactless payments in our stores, including when using Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and payments via wearable technology such as smart watches, you may be asked to insert your card and key in your PIN. Chip and PIN payments will continue to work as normal. As the checks are random, you won't know in advance whether validation is required. If you plan to use contactless payment, make sure you have the relevant card with you, or an alternative method to use, so you can continue with your purchase.
5.4.2 Shopping Online:  Additional checks will become more frequent when paying online. These are applied at random and you'll be asked to authenticate the purchase by entering a unique one-use passcode, which your card issuer will send to your phone.
5.5 By using a credit/debit card to pay for your order, you confirm that the card being used is yours. All fields indicated as compulsory must be completed. Please note that we will only use your information in accordance with our privacy policy. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your card refuses to authorise payment we will not accept your order and we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal. We are not responsible for your card issuer or bank charging you as a result of our processing of your credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
5.6 We cannot complete your order until you have paid for it in full. Payment can be made by PayPal and most major credit or debit cards, by completing the relevant details on the “Payment Options” page.
5.7 The Site contains a large number of Products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products listed on the Site may be incorrectly priced. We will rectify any such errors as soon as possible once we become aware of them. If a Product's correct price is different from the price stated on the Site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the Product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection.
5.8 The Site may offer 'Web Exclusive Prices' on selected Products which will be cheaper than prices in our stores.
6. Our Cancellation, Returns and Refund Policy
6.1 You may cancel your order at any stage before the Products are dispatched to you, and up to 28 days after receipt. To cancel your order prior to confirmation of dispatch you can click here to contact our Customer Services team. To cancel an order after confirmation of dispatch there is no need to contact us. You can simply follow the Returns Policy.
6.2 You should return the Products to us in the same condition in which you received them together with the original Product packaging, in accordance with our Returns Policy.
6.3 We will provide a ‘Pre-Paid’ Returns label for a standard service. Please note that we are unable to refund the cost of any upgrade to your delivery service.
6.4 After you cancel your order and return the Products we will reimburse you all sums debited by us including the cost of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us). We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Products if the loss is a result of unnecessary handling by you. This would include for example the unsealing of sealed products. We will notify you of your refund via e-mail within a reasonable period of time. We will make the reimbursement using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase. Refunds for Products purchased as gifts can only be given to the credit/debit card of the person who placed the order. We will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within the earlier of (a) 14 days of the day we receive back the Products from you; (b) 14 days of the day you provide us with evidence that you have returned the Products; or (c) where no Products were dispatched 14 days of the day you provide your notice to cancel the order.
6.5 If any Product you purchase is damaged, faulty or incorrect, when delivered to you we may offer an exchange or refund as appropriate, in accordance with your legal rights. If you believe a Product is faulty, you should return the Product to us in accordance with the Returns Policy.
6.6 Our policy on cancellations, returns and refunds does not affect your statutory legal rights. If you have any questions regarding returns, Contact Us.
7. Our liability
7.1 We are under a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformity with the contract. We accept no liability for any loss which is not reasonably foreseeable or for any business loss (which includes loss of profits, contracts, goodwill, opportunity and other similar losses).
7.2 This does not include or limit in any way our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or our responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation and any other liability that cannot, under English law, be excluded.
7.3 You must follow any advice we give you to keep Products we supply to you safe. We cannot accept liability for damage to Products we have supplied which is caused by your failure to follow this advice.
7.4 Nothing in this section 7 or elsewhere in our Terms & Conditions affects your statutory legal rights.
8. Notices
Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at our Customer Services address set out in the Contact Us section.
9. Events outside our control
We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations that is caused by events outside our reasonable control.
10. General
10.1 If any of these Terms & Conditions are declared invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms & Conditions and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
10.2 We have the right to revise and amend these Terms & Conditions from time to time without prior notice by changing them on the Site, provided that any such change will not affect any purchases you have made before the change is implemented.
10.3 Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver of such right. You may not assign or transfer your rights under these Terms & Conditions.
10.4 You and we agree that English law applies to these Terms & Conditions and that any dispute between us arising out of or in connection with these Terms & Conditions will only be dealt with by the English courts, unless you are resident in another part of the United Kingdom, in which case the applicable law of that part of the United Kingdom will apply and any dispute will be brought before the courts there. We are required by law to inform you that purchases can be concluded in English only and that no public filing requirements apply.
12. Contact Us
If you experience problems with ordering from the Site or have any questions with regard to an order, please feel free to Contact Us.
13. Updates
These Terms & Conditions were last updated in September 2019.
Copyright
All site design, graphics, text selections, arrangements and all software are Copyright © 2008-2019. Ghost Retail Limited. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Old Browser Detected
For best experience please use a newer browser