https://www.depssecuritygroup.com/legal
Skip to content
FacebookTwitterLinkedin
800-215-0238 (Security Audit)  |   (252) 637-5012 (Service)
Terms of Service, Legal, Privacy & License Information
The DEPS Security Group (“DEPS ”) website is owned and operated by DEPS Security Group.
The Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) discussed, as follows, apply to all materials, online communications and other information that is or becomes available on the DEPS website. By accessing and using the DEPS  website you agree to abide by these Terms and any modifications thereto. In the event that you do not comply with these Terms, DEPS may, at its sole discretion and without notice, block or restrict your access to this website and/or pursue legal action against you for any alleged or actual violation of these Terms.
User Conduct
In connection with the use of the DEPS  website, you shall abide by all applicable federal, state or local laws, including those pertaining to such areas as libel, slander, defamation, trade libel, product disparagement, harassment, invasion of privacy, tort, obscenity, indecency, and copyright or trademark infringement. The information available on the DEPS  website may include intellectual property that is protected under the copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the United States and/or other countries (“Intellectual Property Laws”). Such Intellectual Property Laws generally prohibit the unauthorized reproduction, distribution or exhibition of all text, photographic and graphic (art and electronic) images, and other protected materials. The violation of applicable Intellectual Property Laws may give rise to civil and/or criminal penalties.
Copyright
The information on the DEPS  website, including, without limitation, all design, text, images, press releases, and other information, is protected under United States and other copyright laws and is owned by DEPS  or used under license from the copyright owner. You may download copyrighted material for your personal use only. However, you may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content of the DEPS  website without DEPS ’s prior written consent. If you copy or download any information from the DEPS website, you agree that you will not remove or obscure any copyright or other notices or legends contained in such information.
Any unauthorized use of any materials on the DEPS  website may violate copyright laws and other communications regulations and statutes. You are advised that DEPS  will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights, including the seeking of civil damages, penalties, injunctive relief and, if permissible, criminal prosecution.
Trademarks
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively “Trademarks”) displayed on the DEPS  website are trademarks of DEPS . Unauthorized use of any of the Trademarks is strictly prohibited and nothing contained on the DEPS  website should be construed as granting you any license or right to use any of the Trademarks for any purpose without DEPS ’s prior written consent. Any unauthorized use of any materials on the DEPS  website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. You are advised that DEPS will aggressively protect its Trademarks to the fullest extent of the law.
Modifications
These Terms may be modified by DEPS  from time to time and any future modifications will be binding on you immediately upon posting.
Disclaimers
The policy below outlines the DEPS Security Group  (DEPS ) website disclaimer of warranties, damages, and release and indemnity.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The DEPS  website is provided on an “as is” basis without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including without limitation warranties of title, non-infringement, or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Neither DEPS  nor its affiliates warrant that any information is complete or accurate, that the DEPS website will be uninterrupted or error free, or that any information is free of rogue programming.
Limitation of Damages
Under no circumstances, including negligence, shall DEPS  or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages that may result from the use or inability to use the DEPS  website, including without limitation use of or reliance on information available on the DEPS website, interruptions, errors, defects, mistakes, omissions, deletions of files, delays in operation or transmission, non-delivery of information, disclosure of communications, or any other failure of performance. DEPS  specifically disavows legal responsibility for what you may find on websites external to the DEPS website, or for personal opinions of individuals posted on this or any website, whether or not sponsored by DEPS , established for the purpose of permitting free exchange of personal opinions or discussion.
Release and Indemnity
You hereby release and waive any and all claims and/or liability against DEPS  and/or affiliates arising from or in connection with your use of the DEPS website. You also agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless, DEPS  and affiliates, from and against, any and all claims or liability, including costs and attorneys fees, arising from or in connection with your use of the DEPS  website or failure to abide by applicable law.
Linked Websites
The DEPS  website provides links to other websites only for your convenience, and is not responsible for the availability or content of these third party websites, nor does DEPS  endorse, warrant or guarantee any products, services or information described or offered at such websites. Further, your use of any third party websites is at your own risk and governed by the terms and policies of those websites.
Modifications
These Disclaimers may be modified by DEPS  from time to time and any future modifications will be effective immediately upon posting.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.depssecuritygroup.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (800) 215-0238 or info@depssecuritygroup.com.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user may be required to complete certain registration and/or contact forms. During registration, a user may be required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or:
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
And/or:
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time, our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
License Information
All alarm companies that install, monitor, service, or respond to alarm systems are required to be licensed by the state in which they operate. In order for an alarm company to seek licensure, they must have a Qualifying Agent who has passed a rigorous licensing examination.
In addition, each individual applicant, partner, or corporate officer must meet the following requirements:
Be 18 years or older
Undergo a criminal history background check through the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
Have committed no offense or violation of the Alarm Company Act that would be grounds for license suspension or revocation
DEPS Security Group proudly upholds these high industry standards and holds valid licenses as follows:
North Carolina:
NC Alarm License #1012-CSA - NCASLB
3101 Industrial Drive Suite 104, Raleigh, NC 27609, 919-788-5320
Virgina:
VA Alarm License #11-6074 - DCJS
1100 Bank St, Richmond, VA 23219, 804-786-4000
Scroll To Top