http://www.deep.co.uk/cookies-privacy/
Work
Branding
Print
Digital
Campaigns
Film & Photography
Editorial
About
Contact
General Enquiries
Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.
Deep are committed to your privacy and security and want to provide you with the best online experience. To that end we want you to understand what kinds of information we gather, how this information is used and safeguarded, and how you can control its use. It is important for you to know that Deep will never sell, trade or rent your personal information to others without your consent.
This Privacy Policy covers the following areas:
How is my information collected and used?
What information is collected from me?
Cookies
User requested services
What choices do I have over the use of my information?
How do I opt-out?
The scope of this Privacy Policy
Contacting us
What information is collected from me? It is possible to browse our site without submitting any personal information at all. However, if you choose to subscribe to our  newsletter you will be be asked to provide your email address.
In addition to the information that you choose to submit, our systems are set up to gather certain anonymous data to help us better understand how our sites are being used and how we can improve them. This automatically gathered data includes your computer’s IP (Internet Protocol) address, statistics about how visitors navigate through our sites and information provided through the use of ‘cookies’ – see below.
Cookies
These are small files that we send to and store on your computer so that we may recognise it as a unique machine the next time you visit our site. There are THREE reasons for doing this.
To keep track of your information for your convenience
To help us to optimise your online experience by altering our content depending on your
particular needs or browsing patterns
To help us to understand the size of our audience and their traffic patterns within our site.
Automatically gathered data
The information gathered automatically by our system, such as your computer’s IP address, the kind of browser you are using and a record of your navigation through our sites – may be used by Deep so that we can understand how to make our sites convenient and useful to our audience.
What choices do I have regarding the use of my information?
This Privacy Policy is intended to help you to understand how any information that you share with us might be used. If you feel concerned about any of these uses, you might elect not to participate in certain services, features or products that we offer. We will never collect any personal information about you without your knowledge, so the decision whether or not to share this information is entirely up to you.
How do I opt out?
You have the ability to terminate e-mail correspondence from us at any time. You will either be given the chance to opt-in to direct mailing when you disclose your e-mail address to us, or you can simply reply to our e-mail, typing ‘unsubscribe’ in the subject line.
If you feel concerned about the cookies that are sent between our computers and yours, you may, through your Web browser, either choose to reject them automatically, or have your computer prompt you before accepting them. Please note, however, that some of our features and services depend on the use of cookies. Therefore, you will be unable to take advantage of those features if you choose not to accept cookies.
*Scope of this Privacy Policy*
This Privacy Policy only applies to Web sites owned and operated by Deep. Our pages contain links to sites outside our control. Please be aware that these sites may collect information about you and operate according to their own privacy policies which may differ from this Privacy Policy. Remember that once you leave our sites, any information you submit is outside of our control.
DeepBranding
Digital
Print
Campaigns
Film & Photography
Editorial
Studio Deep, Studio G9
The Print Rooms
164/180 Union Street
London SE1 0LH
Contact 020 7593 0555
Email us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Deep © 2020 All rights reserved
Terms & Conditions
close
By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
OKAYREAD MORE