http://www.felcon.co.uk/privacy-policy/25/
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Felcon
Home
About Us
Products
Projects
Careers
Find Us
Contact Us
9:01 - 11 Dec 2020
Sales:
+44 (0) 1273 511 589
HQ:
+44 (0) 1273 513 434
Service:
+ 44 (0) 7867 975 830
Search Search
Please enter your username and password
Member Login
Email
Password
Felcon - specialist equipment for cleanrooms, laboratories & hospitals
Home
New Products
Products
Laminar airflow environments
Product Protection
Personnel air showers
Wet Processing
Photovoltaic (PV) Cell Manufacture
Wet Benches and Process Baths
Parts Cleaning and Chemical Handling
Fume Cupboards and Downdraught Benches
Decontamination & Decontamination Chambers
Transfer Hatches
Cleanroom and Laboratory Furniture
Custom Build
Felcon New to 2017 Brochure
Felcon New to 2017 Flyer
Felcon Introductory Presentation
Felcon Brochure
Felcon MENA Brochure
Photovoltaic (PV) cell manufacture
Wet Benches and Process Baths
Parts Cleaning and Chemical Handling
Fibre Optics
Earth Sciences Research
Forensics
Life Sciences Research
Pharmaceutical Research and Production
Isolators
Containment
Podiatry
Sterile Services Departments
View Products
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We will collect and store any personal data that you may volunteer by completing the enquiry form contained within this website. We will collect and store information about you to allow us to process and fulfil your enquiry.
What do we use personal information for?
There are various reasons that we need to collect personal data. For example, we ask you for your contact details for correspondence purposes. Subject to your agreement we may contact you to either provide information about new services or to obtain feedback on our services. In any event we will only ever obtain information from you that is ‘fit for purpose’ and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
Email messages
If you have subscribed to our Newsletter you may receive occasional e-mails that we consider may be of interest to you, An opt-out option is available within the Newsletter we may send you by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained within the footer of the email.
Information to improve our site
We collect web statistics automatically about your visit to our site based on your IP address. This information is used to help us follow browsing preferences on our site so that we can regularly improve our web site. We do not use this information to identify you as an individual and you will remain anonymous, unless you are asked to identify yourself by completing a form or an online transaction. The information we gather will also enable us to better understand your needs and how you use Sitemakers services so that we can continue to improve our performance over time.
Cookies
Information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files stored within your web browser from our website. Cookies do not collect personal information about you nor do they allow us to access your computer in any way. All information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
We use tracking cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and no personally identifiable information is stored.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. All web browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can modify your browser security settings to block Cookies although you should be warned that changing Cookie settings can adversely effect the performance of our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites or services. You should note that we are in no way responsible for the content or privacy policies these websites / services may have in place and advise that you use caution and refer to these websites own Privacy statements and terms.
Your rights
Please note that in agreeing to share these details you have not forfeited your rights as outlined under the Data Protection Act 1998.
Powered by LiquidWeb from Sitemakers
Copyright © 2020 Felcon. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap