http://www.redcat.com.au/privacy-policy
Solutions
Loyalty & Marketing
Mobile Apps
Loyalty
Gift Card Sales
CFD - Promo player
Digital Media Boards
Ordering & Delivery
Contactless Table Ordering
Delivery Partner Integration
Redcat Delivery
Ordering Food through Google
Online Ordering
Stellar
POS Management & Hardware
POS Management
POS Reporting Dashboard
Paperless Kitchen
Polygon Kiosk
Financial
Payroll
Accounting
Inventory
Payments Cloud
Integrations
Venues
QSR - Quick Service Restaurants
Franchises
Restaurants
Cafés
Multi-Site Venues
Bars
Customers & Partners
Partners
Customers
Nando's
Boost Juice
Chatime
Garfish
Maha
Three Bags Full
Culinary Edge
Queensland Rail
About
Contact
Social
Blog
Purpose, Goals and Values
Greencat - Corporate Social Responsibility
Support
Support Utilities
Product Updates
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1.	Introduction
Redcat Pty Ltd (ABN 88 090 409 920) ("the Company", “Redcat” "we", "us" or “our") is committed to protecting the privacy of our users and providing a safe online environment. Our commitment to protect and respect our user’s privacy is in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) and other applicable laws (Privacy Laws).
We take our customers privacy seriously. This policy explains how we collect, use, hold and disclose your personal information under the Privacy Act and applicable Privacy Laws.
2.	What is personal information?
Personal information includes any information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who can be reasonably identified from that information. The information or opinion will still be personal information regardless of whether it is true or not and regardless of whether a record has been kept of it.
3.	What kinds of personal information do we collect and hold?
In the process of conducting our businesses, we collect a range of personal information about our current and prospective customers, end-users, contractors, employees, suppliers, agents, service providers, other business associates and the people who run the businesses we deal with. This information can include such things as name, aliases, contact details, date of birth, bank account and credit card details and location, hire date, employee type, amount paid (weekly and year to date) and position title. We will only collect your personal information where it is reasonably necessary in order for us to carry out one or more of our functions or activities or we are required to by law.
We collect and holds information about you and your interactions with us including when you apply for, enquire about or use our products or services, participate in any of our promotional activities, contact us by any means or visit our website.
When you use our applications, websites, software, products or other digital assets (collectively, the Services), we, and our service providers or partners may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons or similar technology to enable us to collect, through a third party service provider, data about how you use the Services.
This data may include personal information. For example, the types of information we may collect include which pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the internet protocol address assigned to your computer, location information, information about the type of device and operating system you use, user name, name, email addresses, browser type, mobile device identifier, referring URLs and information on actions taken or interaction with our digital assets. This information will be considered personal information where we can link this information to your account or to an identifiable individual.
We also collect information you upload to or send through our Services, including information about products and services you may sell (including inventory, pricing and other data); information you may provide about you or your business (including appointment, staffing, employee, payroll and third party contact data) and information you may provide to a customer using our Services (including hours worked and other timecard data).
When you use our Services to make, accept or request payments, we collect information about when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions, the payment amounts, billing and shipping information and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
We gather certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol addresses as well as browser, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may occasionally connect personal information to information gathered in our log files, as necessary to improve the Services for you. Otherwise, we generally use this information to analyse trends, administer and maintain the Services or track usage of various features within the Services.
We collect usage data which is encoded or anonymised information or aggregated data about a group or category of Services, features or Users which does not contain personally identifying information, Usage data helps us understand the usage trends of the Services so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Services.
In addition to collecting and using this kind of usage data, we may share it with third parties, including our customers, partners and third-party service providers for various purposes including to help us better understand your needs and improve the Services as well as for advertising and marketing purposes. We do not share Usage Data with third parties in a way that would enable them to identify you personally.
You are not obliged to provide your personal information to us, but if you choose not to do so, then we may not be able to provide some or all our Services to you.
You may however use a pseudonym during some interactions and where it is not necessary for us to identify you. For clarification on circumstances where you must identify yourself, please contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@redcat.com.au.
You may use a pseudonym or not identify yourself when making such a request.
Sensitive information (e.g. information about your race, ethnicity, health or criminal record) is subject to additional protections under the Privacy Act. We will only collect your sensitive information with your consent or when permitted under Australian law.
We use a third-party intermediary to manage credit card processing. This intermediary is not permitted to store, retain or use your billing information for any purpose except for processing credit card payments on our behalf.
We will not adopt a government related identifier as your identifier unless we are required or authorised by law or it is reasonably necessary to verify your identity for the purposes of our activities or functions or necessary to fulfil our obligations to an agency or State or Territory authority.
We will take such steps (if any) as are reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that your personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, up-to-date, complete and relevant.
4.	How do we collect personal information?
We will collect personal information directly from you (unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so) by email, online support channels or when you use the Services or otherwise when you give it to us ((for example, your details when you register for an account on our Services, participate in a survey, contest or promotion, make an enquiry about our Services, sign up to receive information from us, seek advice from us, attend an event provided by us, or apply for a job with us).
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the Services.
If you choose to connect your account on our Services to your account on another service (for example, Google), we may receive information from the other service (for example, your name, email address, age range, profile picture, language, and friend list).
The Services may contain links to websites and applications operated by third parties. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any third-party websites and applications.
When you access or use the Services, we may receive usage data about your interaction with the Services (for example, when you create or log into your account or pair goods to your account), and, if you have given us access to your location, we may also collect location data.
We will usually only collect personal information about you from you, however in some situations we may collect personal information about you from a third party.
We will only collect personal information about you from a third party if it is unreasonable or impracticable for us to collect this information directly from you, or we are otherwise permitted, required or authorised by law to collect this information from the third party.
If we receive your personal information from a third party without having asked you for it, then within a reasonable time, we will determine whether we could have collected it in the ways outlined in paragraph 4 above.
If we determine that it could not have been collected in one of those ways and it is lawful and reasonable to do so, then as soon as practicable we will destroy the information or ensure that it is de-identified.
Some personal information (e.g. race, ethnicity, health information etc.) is sensitive and requires a higher level of protection under the Privacy Act. We will only collect your sensitive information when we have your consent and the collection is reasonably necessary for us to carry out one or more of our functions or activities unless otherwise authorized by law.
We will not use your sensitive information for the purposes of direct marketing unless you have given us permission in writing.
We will always provide a simple means for you to "opt-out" from receiving direct marketing, which typically involves an "opt-out" link on emails, "tick-a-box" on the collection form or through a pop-up on your screen when you provide personal information online.
We will not use or disclose your personal information for the purposes of direct marketing material if you have previously told us not to.
If at any time in the future you do not want us (or one of our service providers) to send you direct marketing material, then you can simply inform our Privacy Officer by contacting them via email at privacy@redcat.com.au.. We will affect the change in a reasonable time and without charge.
5.	Cookies
We will only collect your personal information by lawful and fair means.
This includes through the use cookies to collect usage information on our Services. A cookie is a small data file that may be sent by a website or application and stored on the hard drive of your computer. A cookie stores information related to your browser that allows us to recognise your browser when you return and to remember your preferences. You may reject cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use the Services or some of the features of the Services. To learn more about browser cookies, including how to manage or delete them, check the “Help,” “Tools” or similar section of your browser. By using the Services, you agree to the use of cookies.
Certain third-party advertising networks, including Google, permit users to opt out of or customise preferences associated with your internet browsing. To learn more about this feature from Google.
Please note that if you do elect to disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you may not be able to access or take advantage of many features of the Services.
6.	How do we hold and protect your personal information?
The Services rely on cloud-based web servers hosted by our third-party service provider.
Our third-party hosts may host your data in servers located in Australia and the USA or elsewhere.
Servers on which we store personal information are located in Australia and the USA (and servers on which our Partners or clients store information may be located outside of Australia, including USA and Canada).
We also use other intermediaries, like email notification providers, payment processors and technical support services that may be located in Australia or overseas, and when you or we use their Platform in connection with your account on our Services, your payment information may transit to wherever they or their facilities are situated. Please be aware that the information you provide to us may be processed outside of your home jurisdiction, and our third-party service providers, including hosts and payment processors, may as a result be subject to the laws of other countries, which may not be as protective as the Privacy Act and the Privacy Laws in Australia.
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of your data. We have multiple security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control. These include encryption of data in transit, regular software security updates, periodic risk assessments, and remediation of identified security vulnerabilities in a timely manner.
However, please be aware that no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or otherwise provide to us and you do so at your own risk.
If you create an account, you will be asked to select passwords for yourself to access the Services, and this password will be used to allow you to use the Services. You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and for any activity that occurs under your account credentials, whether or not authorised by you.
7.	For what purposes do we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
The main reasons we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information is to verify your identity, enable us to provide our products and services to you including:
providing you with the Services;for identification and authentication;marketing and selling the Services;communicating with you, including providing you with information (including marketing material) about our business, Services, and relevant news and events that we think may be of interest to you, sending you service notifications, and seeking your opinion on the quality of, and proposed changes to, our Services;to share your Personal Information to third party partners or service providers in accordance with your directionsconducting promotional activities and providing special offersassessing and processing any enquiries and requests that you make (including orders for Services, and employment enquiries);administering and managing our relationship with you;providing you with invoices and reminder notices;improving our Services and developing new services;complying with legal requirements, and facilitating the safety and security of our Services (including authenticating users, facilitating secure payments, enforcing our terms and policies, responding to a legal request or claim, protecting against fraud and abuse, and conducting audits); andresolving any complaints that you may have about us or our Services.
We may disclose your personal information to our corporate affiliates, contractors, agents, consultants, and professional advisors (including business partners, advertising partners, mailing and printing houses, IT providers and other service providers) (collectively, Partners) who assist us in undertaking our business functions and activities, including running our websites.
When we undertake activities on behalf of a client of ours, we may disclose your personal information to that client. Some of our Partners and clients are located outside Australia, including in the USA and Canada. We may also provide the information to our customer support team to enable them to verify your identity.
We will only collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for purposes other than those listed in this privacy policy if you have consented to such acts, or if we are otherwise permitted, required or authorised by law to do so.
We cooperate with law enforcement requests for information that are made under force of law. Therefore, we may provide personal information to law enforcement agencies in what we believe to be regular compliance checks or emergency situations, where we have a good-faith belief that we are required to do so by statute, court order, legal process or lawful authority, and to our legal counsel in connection with the foregoing. We may also disclose personal information to third parties if we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Service, to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our Services, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Redcat, our users or others.
We may work with third parties to provide additional products or services which may be offered to you. At the time these products or services are offered to you, you will be asked if you consent to share your personal information with such third parties for the purpose of providing such product or service, or for other purposes, such as marketing. If you agree with our sharing your personal information with such third party for such specific purpose, we then may share your personal information with such third party.
Where you permit or enable a Redcat application, product or service to integrate with another application, product or service (or use a feature of Redcat’s products and services that requires such integration), we will disclose your personal and financial information to the provider of the integrated service and collect your personal and financial information from the software provider (where relevant).
If Redcat becomes involved in a sale of its business or other change of control transaction, whether by way of a sale of some or all of its assets, or if its owners propose to sell their interest in the Company, or otherwise, the acquirers will acquire all of the information we have, together with the rest of our business, upon the completion of the applicable transaction, provided, however, that your information will remain subject to this policy.
8.	Access and correction of personal information
We process and store information on your behalf. If you are an individual interacting with a Redcat customer on the Services and would no longer like to be contacted by that customer, please contact that customer directly.
If you are a Redcat customer and would like to opt-out of getting marketing communications from us please contact us at support@redcat.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in marketing emails.
Requests to opt-out of transfers to our third-party vendors may also be submitted but limitations on data sharing may make it difficult or impossible to provide the Services in this manner.
When you use the Services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to and control of your Personal Information. You may update or change your Personal Information by logging into the Services and amending such information where applicable.
We will retain Personal Information on your behalf for as long as needed to provide you with the use of and access to the Services. We may further retain and use this Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, maintain accurate accounting, financial and other operational records, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
If you would like to gain access to or request deletion of Personal Information Redcat has collected lease contact Redcat at support@Redcat.com.
Redcat has no direct relationship with the individuals with whom Redcat customers may interact using the Services. Any such individual seeking access to or who would like to correct, amend or delete their Personal Information which may be stored in the Services should direct their query to the applicable Redcat customer.
If Redcat is able to or unable to comply with your request, Redcat will let you know within ten (10) business days of making that decision. If Redcat is able to comply with your request, it will do so within 30 days from the date of your request or any longer period that has been agreed by you and Redcat.
Redcat may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, systematic, frivolous or vexatious, require disproportionate costs and/or technical effort, jeopardise the privacy or safety of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), for which access is not otherwise required or for a refusal which Redcat is otherwise obligated or entitled by law.
If we hold personal information about you, you have the right to request access to that personal information, and to request its correction if you think that it is inaccurate, out-of-date or incomplete.
We will respond to your request for access or correction to your personal information within a reasonable period after the request is received (and we will endeavour to respond within 30 days).
We will take reasonable steps to correct your personal information (at no charge) if we are satisfied that it is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading.
This extends to third parties that we have provided your personal information to unless it is impracticable or unlawful to do so.
If you contact us, we will ask you to verify your identity before we provide you with information or make changes.
If you require access or personal information to be corrected please contact us at privacy@redcat.com.au.
9.	Complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints about how your personal information is being handled by us, please kindly contact us first by sending the details of your complaint to privacy@redcat.com.au. We will investigate your complaint and respond to your concerns as quickly as possible and within 30 days.
If we cannot resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may refer your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC), by email at enquiries@oaic.gov.au or in writing to GPO Box 5218, SYDNEY NSW 2001, who may investigate your complaint further. The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992.
10.	Changes to the privacy policy
We may amend this policy from time to time. When we do, we will post the updated policy on our Services. If we make any material change to this policy we may also notify you via the email address you provide to us on registration, or as otherwise required by law and ask that you consent to those material changes.
11.	Consenting to the privacy policy
By accepting this policy in your account registration or by visiting and using the Services, you expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your, and that of your end-users’ (and represent that you have the authority to provide such consent), personal information in accordance with this policy. This policy is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Service.
12.	Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or if you would like to request access to, correction of, or make a complaint about our management of, your personal information, you can contact us by email at privacy@redcat.com.au. Please address all of your correspondence to The Privacy Officer – Redcat.
Solutions
Business Type
Customers & Partners
About Us
Support & Resources
Contact Us
Loyalty & Marketing
Bar
Partners
Contact
Support Utilities
Online Ordering & Delivery
Café
Customers
Social
Product Updates
POS Management
Franchise
Blog
Financial
Multi-site
News
Intergrations
Restaurants
Purpose, Goals & Values
Greencat
Store
Follow us on social media
© 2020 Redcat. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Share by: