https://www.martinellis.com/privacy-policy/
The S. Martinelli & Company
Effective Date: 9/15/2016
This Privacy Policy addresses the practices of The S. Martinelli & Company in relation to the collection and use of information generated by your use of our website. If you have any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us. Our contact information is:
The S. Martinelli & Company
227 East Beach Street
Watsonville, California 95076
Email: customer_service@martinellis.com
Telephone: 1-800-662-1868
Collection and Use of Information
The S. Martinelli & Company will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you through our website unless you provide it to us voluntarily. This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the martinellis.com website. The types of personal information collected include: name, address, e-mail address, phone number, permission to contact the person, and general questions relating to products on our website.
Your browser software includes a feature called “cookies.” If enabled, cookies may store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of the S. Martinelli & Company Websites. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best and what content you may have viewed during past visits. When you re-visit the S. Martinelli & Company Websites, cookies can enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. We may use cookies to:
Keep count of return visits to the S. Martinelli & Company Websites
Accumulate and report anonymous, aggregate, statistical information on website usage
Deliver content and advertising specific to your interests or past viewing history
You can also disable cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you can accept or reject all cookies, or request a notification when a cookie is set.
We also may use third party advertisements placed by ad networks to support our site. Some of these advertisers and ad networks may use technology such as cookies and web beacons/pixel tags when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers and ad networks information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and whether you have Flash installed. Some of these advertisers and ad networks also may use anonymous data, such as demographic data, received from third parties to assist in the delivery of advertisements to you. These advertisers and ad networks use the information described above to provide you relevant advertisements based on your online behavior, search activities on our site and on other third party sites, demographic information and/or relevant to your general location, so that the advertising you see on our site more closely reflects your interests and needs. For example, if you search for or browse a, recipe or product on our site, you may see an advertisement from a third party with information about, or an offer similar to, that for which you were searching or browsing on our site, or an offer related to a third party whose site you have visited in the past.
You can set your Internet browser settings to stop accepting new cookies, to receive notice when you receive a new cookie, to disable existing cookies, and to omit images (which will disable pixel tags). Note that the opt-out will apply only to the browser that you are using when you elect to opt out of advertising cookies. Please note, without cookies or pixel tags, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our website features.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including commercially available sources, such as data aggregators, public databases and other third parties. This information may include name, demographic information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and shopping behavior. For example, if you are on another website, and you opt in to receive information from us, that website will forward to us your email address and other information about you so we may contact you as requested. We may combine this information with the information we collect from you to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our services and products.
Sharing of Information
Personally-Identifiable Information
We may provide your personal information to third parties who provide services on our behalf. For example, we use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders, and a credit card processing company to bill for goods. We use other third parties to provide promotions, contests, newsletters and hosting for our site. These service providers may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide for us. These service providers are not authorized to use, share, retain or store your personally-identifiable information for any other purpose. We may conduct joint promotions with other companies, and may share with these promotional partners (and their service providers) personally-identifiable information necessary to conduct the promotion. We may also use and disclose personally-identifiable information where we think it is necessary to investigate or prevent actual or expected fraud, or criminal activity or injury or damage to us or others, including when requested or required by law enforcement or government officials. We will not share personally-identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties. For California residents, please see Opt Out Policy, below.
Social Network Information
This refers to any information that is part of your profile on a third party social network (such as Facebook) and that you allow the third party social network to share with us. Examples include your basic account information (e.g., name, email address, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture, user ID, list of friends, etc.) and any other additional information or activities that you permit the third party social network to share with third party application developers. To learn more about how your information from a third party social network may be obtained by The S. Martinelli & Company (or other third party application developers), please visit the website of the relevant social network using your personal information.
Opt Out Policy
We may share your personally-identifiable information with affiliated third parties, some of which do not share the name of The S. Martinelli & Company, for their own direct marketing purposes. Because this category of affiliates is considered to be “unaffiliated parties” under California Law, you may opt out of us sharing with them. To opt out, please send a letter with your name, postal address, e-mail, with the heading “California Privacy Rights” to:
The S. Martinelli & Company
227 East Beach Street
Watsonville, California 95076
Email: customer_service@martinellis.com
Telephone: 1-800-662-1868
How We Protect Your Information
We use a variety of standard methods (described below) to help keep consumer information confidential and secure. Please note, however, that these protections do not apply to information you choose to share in public areas such as our website community features or other social areas.
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. However, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
Secure Operating Environments
We store your information in secure operating environments that are protected from the public and that we only allow authorized The S. Martinelli & Company employees and agents/contractors to access on a need-to-know basis. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information; however, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Encryption for Payment Info
We use industry-standard encryption to provide greater protection for sensitive financial information, such as credit card information, sent to us over the web. For example, encryption is used when you make payments through our online stores. Please note, however, that there are many independent e-commerce sites that sell Martinelli products but that are not controlled or operated by The S. Martinelli & Company. Because these sites may have different practices than we do, we recommend that you read their privacy policies before making any purchases.
Disclosures Required by Law
We reserve the right to disclose your personally-identifiable information as needed if we are required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, or court order, or if necessary to protect our rights.
How We Protect Your Information
The security of personally-identifiable information is important to us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personally-identifiable information we collect on this website.
You should keep in mind, however, that no data transmitted over the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by parties other than the intended recipient. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites.
United States Only
This website is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to this site are governed by the laws of the State of California in the United States of America. If you are located outside of the United States of America and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States of America and that by submitting information, you explicitly authorize its transfer.
Consent to Privacy Policy
You consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy by using our website. If you do not agree with any term of this privacy policy, please refrain from using our site or submitting any personally-identifiable information.
What Happens if You Refuse to Provide Your Personal Information
If you choose not to submit any personal information when requested, you may not be able to participate in certain activities and personalized features and may limit the services and special offers we can provide you. For example, if you refuse to share your email address, you will not be able to receive any of our newsletters or otherwise register on our websites or use our applications. If you refuse to provide your credit card number, you will not be able to purchase products at the Martinelli online store. However, to simply browse our websites and learn more about our products, you do not need to give us any personal information.
A Note to Parents
We respect the privacy of all of our online users, especially children. We do not intend to collect personally-identifiable information from children under 13. Our policy is intended to adhere to the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) privacy guidelines and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We encourage parents to monitor, supervise and join their children in online activities If we discover that we’ve accidentally collected information from a child below 13, we will remove that child’s information from our records as soon as feasibly possible.
This Privacy Notice Applies to Consumers Only
This Privacy Notice applies only to our collection and use of information from consumers, using the methods described in this policy. It does not apply to our business customers (e.g., retailers, distributors, etc.). It also does not apply to information we might collect and use for employment-related purposes (e.g., resumes, job applications, etc.) or business-to-business related purposes (e.g., media inquiries, investor relations, etc.).
Privacy Policy Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at any time. Any changes will be posted in this Privacy Notice and material changes will be prominently notified on our website or will be otherwise communicated to you prior to the change becoming effective via our newsletter. We encourage you to regularly review this Privacy Notice to make sure you are aware of any changes.
Sitemap
Press Room
Careers
Blog
FAQs
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
© S. Martinelli & Company. All rights reserved.