https://www.aceac.com/privacy-policy
Search for:
ACE Air Conditioning
Ace Customer Survey
Apply for Financing
Apply Now
Commercial Repair / Refrigeration
Company Information
Contact
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Customer Testimonials
Debary Air Conditioning
Deland Air Conditioning
Deland Air Conditioning
Deltona Air Conditioning
Equipment & Systems
Flagler County Air Conditioning
Free Quote
GOLD CUSTOMER CARE PLAN
Home
Home System Repair
Home System Replacement
How to Apply
Lake County Air Conditioning
Lake Mary Air Conditioning
New Construction
New Slider
News
Online Store
Orange City Air Conditioning
Orange County Air Conditioning
Orlando Air Conditioning
Osceola County Air Conditioning
PLATINUM CUSTOMER CARE PLAN
Preventative Maintenance
Reviews
Sanford Air Conditioning
Seminole County Air Conditioning
SILVER CUSTOMER CARE PLAN
Sitemap
Specials
System Cleaning
test
Thank You For Your Application!
Thank You!
Volusia County Air Conditioning
Search for:
Career Opportunities
ACE AIR CONDITIONING
ACE ELECTRICALfacebook
Contact Us Anytime!
(800) 772-2976
Send Contact Form
(800) 772-2976
Contact Form
Skip to content
Toggle navigation
Menu & Search
Home
Company
Services
Preventative Maintenance
System Cleaning
New Construction
Commercial Repair & Refrigeration
Home System Replacement
Home System Repair
Equipment & Systems
Home Comfort Systems
Indoor Air Quality
Manufacturers
Generators
Zoning
News
Reviews
HVAC Info Center
Contact
Financing
Electrical Services
Search for:
Ace Air Conditioning, Inc.
»
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Copyright & Privacy Policy
Copyright
© ACE Air Conditioning All rights reserved. Any copying, redistribution or retransmission of any of the contents of this service without the express written consent of ACE Air Conditioning is expressly prohibited.
Information Practices
ACE Air Conditioning understands that security and privacy are important issues for visitors to our web site (the “Site”) and recognizes our obligations to keep your information secure and confidential. That is why we maintain the following standards to help protect information that personally identifies you. We may modify this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) at any time, and, accordingly, we urge you to frequently review the Policy. We will always apply the Policy under which your information was collected, unless we obtain your prior consent. By using the Site and providing us with your personally identifiable information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy.
Collection of Information
You may be asked to voluntarily provide your name, address, phone number, email address or other personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) to have access to some features of the Site. You may always refuse to provide your Personal Information, and this may lead to our inability to provide you with certain offerings, services or products. We may also collect information that is anonymous, such as your IP address (a number used to identify your computer on the Internet) or the type of browser you are using (“Anonymous Information”), through the use of cookies or by other means. We hope that, by using Anonymous Information, we can update the site to make it more useful to you and other users. We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use Anonymous Information, without limitation.
Links
The Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. ACE Air Conditioning does not endorse such sites and is not responsible for the collection or use of your Personal or Anonymous Information at any third party sites.
Contact us
We are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. For After Hours Emergency Service, please dial 800-772-2976 to reach an operator who will have a service technician dispatched to your house.
First Name (required)
Last Name (required)
Email (required)
Phone (optional)
Message
Categories
Career Opportunities
Featured
HVAC Info Center
News
Testimonials
Recent Posts
5 Summer Time AC Mistakes!
Preventative Maintenance
Love’s Travel Stop -St. Clair, MI
New Construction Installation -Athens, GA
ENERGY SAVING TIPS