http://www.theinvestingsite.com/privacy.htm
The Investing Site - Personal Finance and Investing made simple
Find UK Companies and Local Branches
Search:
Near:
Investing Directory
Bank Guide
Articles
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how The Investing Site uses and protects any information that you give The Investing Site when you use this website.
The Investing Site is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Investing Site may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from September 1, 2006 and was last updated August 27, 2013.
What we collect
We may collect Personally Identifiable Information if you choose to give it to us when you contact us. This may include, but not be limited to, your name and email address.
We may collect Non-Personally Identifiably Information via anonymous cookies which may include, but not be limited to, pages viewed and searches performed. The Non-Personally Identifiably Information collected by the anonymous cookies is never linked to your Personally Identifiable Information.
What we do with the information we gather
If you choose to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information when you contact us we use it only to respond to you. We will never sell, lease or distribute your Personally Identifiable Information unless we are required to do so by law.
The Non-Personally Identifiably Information that we collect via anonymous cookies is distributed to trusted, industry regulated, third party partners who use it to show you advertising that is more relevant and interesting to you.
Third party advertising
We use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of Personally Identifiable Information in the following ways:
Do not provide your name or email address when you contact us.
Contact us using the details below and ask us to remove your personal information from our database.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of Non-Personally Identifiably Information in the following ways:
Turning off cookies in your browser settings.
Visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices to opt-out of customised ads that are based upon your previous web browsing activity being shown to you by our partner sites.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us using the email address below as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
The Investing Site is owned and operated by
Home Page
Bank Guide
Accounting
Financial Services
Insurance Services
Investment Services
Personal Finance
Taxation
Investing Directory
Learn to Invest
Articles
Car Insurance Master Class
Home Insurance Fast Facts
Saving for a House
Introduction to ISA's
Debt Advice - Help is Available
Children and Money
Interest Free Credit Cards
Car Finance - Know Your Options
Beat the Credit Cards
Business Insurance Requirements
Home Page
|
Contact Us
|
About The Investing Site
|
Terms of Use
|
Your Privacy
|
Disclaimer
Contact
About
Terms
Privacy
Disclaimer
©Copyright 2020
This site is published with the understanding that the publisher is not engaged in rendering legal or investment services. TheInvestingSite.com does not offer investment advice. TheInvestingSite.com does not endorse or recommend the products or services of any company mentioned on our site. Since each individual's situation is unique, a qualified professional should be consulted before making tax, legal or investment decisions. We make no guarantees as to the accuracy, thoroughness or quality of the information, and are not responsible for errors or omissions.