https://www.graftons.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Close Search
Menu
My Account
/
Sign In
Wishlist
Brands
Professional
ORLY
ibd
2AM LONDON
Nailtiques
GiGi
Clean + Easy
The Eyelash Emporium
Pharmagel
Retail
CARMEX
Skin Republic
Rose & Co
Zam-Buk
Remove
Kneipp
Badger
Rident
Surgi
Skinny Tan
Nails
Brands
ORLY
ibd
Nailtiques
Gel Polish
Colour
Basecoats and Topcoats
Prep, Cleanser and Removers
Gel Polish Kits
LED Lamps
Nail Polish
Basecoats and Topcoats
Colour
French Manicure
Nail Art
Flexible Nail Colour
Flexible Colour
Flexible Duo Kits
Flexible Seal Coat
Nail Care
Nail Treatments
Features
Hygiene
ORLY At London Fashion Week SS17
ORLY At London Fashion Week AW17
ORLY Modern French Manicure
NEW ibd Advanced Wear
Gel Systems
Gel Kits
Builder Gels
Soak off Gels
Acrylic
Acrylic Systems
Acrylic Powders
Monomers
Acrylic Collections
Nail Tips
Fibre Glass
Fiber Glass Nails
Tools, Files & Cuticle Care
Tools
Files
Cuticle Pushers
Waxing
Brands
Gigi
Clean & Easy
Surgi
Wax
Professional Wax
Pot wax
Roller Wax
Parrafin Wax
Heaters
Waxing Kits
Waxing Essentials
Pre and Post Wax Treatments
Depilatories and Bleaching
At Home Hair Removal
Cleaning
Eyelash Extensions
Brands
The Eyelash Emporium
Eyelash Extensions
All Eyelash Extensions
Individual Tray Lashes
Eyelash Extension Pots
Coloured Eyelash Extension Trays
Coloured Eyelash Adhesive & Remover
Eyelash Extension Treatment Prep
Eyelash Extension Accessories
Eyelash Extension Tweezers
Eyelash Extension Aftercare
Eyelash Extension Kits
Hygiene
Body Care
Brands
Badger
Carmex
Kneipp
Rident
Rose & Co
Skin Republic
Skinny Tan
Lotions & Oils
Body Lotions
Massage Oils
Skin Firming
Sun Screen Lotions
Hand Care
Hand Creams
Hand Masks
Cuticle Care
Nail Care
Foot Care
Foot Crystals
Foot Cream & Scrubs
Foot Masks
Foot Salves
Foot Files
Lip Balm
Pots
Sticks
Tubes
Coloured
Organic
Features
Balms & Salves
Rescue Balms & Salves
Aromatherapy Balms
Baby Balms
Dental Care
Dental Care
Hair Care
Hair Oils
Bath & Shower
Brands
Kneipp
Rose & Co
Bath & Shower
Bath Crystals
Body Wash
Bath Melts
Herbal Bath
Soap
Skin Care
Brands
Skin Republic
Pharmagel
Badger
Kneipp
Skinny Tan
Face
Face Masks
Cleanser & Toners
Exfoliating & Masques
Vitamin Serums
Face Moisturisers
Under Eye
Under Eye Patches
Eye Cream
Body
Face & Body Moisturisers
Tanning
Skin Firming
Skin Oil
Sunscreen
Bath & Shower
Hand Mask
Foot Mask
SaleTraining
Search
Bag (0)
Recently Added Items
You have no items in your bag.
View Bag
Checkout Securely
Graftons Beauty
0
Search
ONLY EXTRAORDINARY
Trade Only, Authorised Distributor
Free Delivery Over £50, £30 Minimum Order
Wishlist
My Account
Sign In
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Trade Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions of Sale (“Website Terms”) are the terms which apply when you access the website http://www.graftons.co.uk/home/index.html {the “Website”} or place orders to purchase any of the Products and Services made available to you on the Website.
These Website Terms should be read alongside, and are in addition to our Privacy Policy (accessible online at http://www.graftons.co.uk/privacy-policy/index.html) and Promotional Terms and Conditions if applicable.
This Website is intended for purchase of professional beauty Products and Services, such as training courses. It is intended for use by business or account customers only and should not be used by retail customers.
For the purpose of the Terms and Conditions, Products means all products which are sold by us including all products supplied as part of a training course that we carry out, Service shall mean all training courses we offer at colleges, venues and other locations.
Please read these Website Terms carefully and print a copy for your future reference. By ordering a Product or Service from us, you have read, understood and agree to these Website Terms, the Privacy Policy and Promotional Terms (if applicable).
These Website Terms are available only in the English language and are governed by English law.
If you do not agree to these Website Terms, you must not order any Product or Service from us via this Website.
About Us
2.1   Grafton International (referred to in these Website Terms as ‘we’ or ‘us’) is a company registered in England and Wales, registered company number 3279497. The address is 301 Relay Business Park, Tamworth, B77 5PT, England. Telephone number: 01827 280080, Email: sales@graftons.co.uk.
2.2   Should you have any queries about these Website Terms, please contact us using the details below: Post: Grafton International, 301 Relay Business Park, Tamworth, B77 5PT, England Telephone: 01827 280080 Email: sales@graftons.co.uk
About You
3.1   By ordering Products and Services from us, you confirm that you are: {a} Over 18 years old
{b} A registered business within the Retail, Pharmacy, Gift or Beauty Sector
{c} You confirm that by ordering any professional beauty, nail care or waxing products, that you are insured to use these products and are a qualified beauty therapist, nail technician or a practising student or wholesaler within the beauty and nail industry.
3.2   Grafton International operate a strict code of conduct, if you do not meet the above criteria, we reserve the right to cancel your web account and cease trading. We reserve the right to conduct checks and request for additional information to verify your business status.
3.3   Grafton International will not accept responsibility or liability for the misuse of any product sold by way of this website.
Product & Service Descriptions and Pricing Information
4.1   All Product and Service descriptions and illustrations shown on the Website are provided in good faith but are intended for guidance and illustration purposes only. Actual Products and Services may vary accordingly.
4.2   All prices shown on the Website:
(a) are in GB pound sterling
(b) exclude Value Added Tax (‘VAT’),
(c) VAT will be added to the total order value
4.3   Products and Services are subject to availability and the presence of a Product or Service on the Website does not guarantee that such as Products or Services will be available for purchase.
4.4   Pricing and availability for our Products and Services may change on a day to day basis on the Website. We reserve the right to add or delete Products and to increase prices at any time.
4.5   The Website contains a large number of Products and Services, it is possible that, despite our reasonable efforts, some Products and Services display on the Website may be incorrectly priced or contain an incorrect description. If we discover a price or description error on the Products and Services you have ordered, we will inform you of the error. We will give you the option to continue to purchase the Products and Services at the correct price or product description, or you may cancel the order in which event we will reimburse the price paid by you.
We will not process the order until a mutual decision has been made. If we are unable to contact you using the contact details you have provided during the order process, we will treat the order as cancelled and notify you in writing.
4.6   Where a Product or Service ceases to be available after the date of your order, we shall try and contact you to inform you. If the Product or Service is no longer available, you may select an alternative Product or Service (subject to availability), if the price of the alternative Product or Service if different, we shall inform you of the new price. Following notification, under this clause you may either choose to accept the alternative Product or Service at the new price, or you may cancel the order in which event we will reimburse the price paid by you.
How to order products and services, order confirmation process?
5.1   Your order via the Website constitutes an offer to us to purchase Products and Services. All orders are subject to availability and acceptance by us.
5.2   You will be able to search for Products and Services by using one of the categories or site search feature, you can select Products and Services from the search results page. You can select the quantity of products you wish to purchase and add the product to your Basket.
The Basket will display the final price, including VAT and the applicable delivery charge.
You will be asked to login to your professional account on the Website. Once you have logged into your professional account, you can amend your shipping and billing details.
Once you are happy with your choices and entered all the required information, you will be asked to proceed to pay for the Products and Services by clicking on the button ‘Pay Now’. Having completed the payment details and authorisation, the details will be submitted to us.
5.3   Once the order has been placed for the Product and Services, you will receive an automated order confirmation email that the order has been received. It does not represent a legally binding contract and does not constitute acceptance by us.
5.4   Your offer is accepted by us and becomes legally binding when we deliver the goods and confirm availability of both Products and Services.
5.5   Following your order may contact you by telephone or email for the following reasons: 1. To advise you of any problems with your order 2. To offer a substitute product or offer a refund
Payment Information
6.1   We accept most major credit and debit cards.
6.2   If we suspect that an order is fraudulent we reserve the right to make additional checks and cancel the order if necessary.
Opening A Credit Account
7.1   Grafton International, like most businesses and stores, use a Credit Agency in assessing credit worthiness and this can take several days.  To avoid any delay in receiving your first order it’s recommended you pay for it by credit card.
7.2   If you operate your business as a limited company it is important that the form indicates this.  An example would be “ABC LTD T/A Beautiful Salon.”  You should also enter the company number in the space provided.
7.3   PERSONAL DETAILS, e.g. the ‘edited version’ of the Electoral Roll is available to anyone who wishes to view it, whereas the ‘full version’ is only available to certain people and organisations.  Please refer to your Electoral Roll form for full details.  If this is not available to you or your name is not on the Electoral Roll, please attach a copy of a utility bill or similar document which shows your name and address.
7.4   You are asked to provide details of other companies who are GIVING CREDIT to the business.  PLEASE DO NOT GIVE DETAILS OF SUPPLIERS FROM WHOM YOU DO NOT HAVE CREDIT, FOR EXAMPLE, CASH AND CARRY WHOLESALERS.  You should also ensure you complete this section as fully as possible to avoid delay.
7.5   Our credit terms require your payments reach us, not posted by you, by 25th of the month following the month of invoice.  Credit terms may be withdrawn if payments are not received promptly.
7.6   Maximum credit limits are set for new accounts.  Once this credit ceiling has been reached no further orders can be accepted until payment has been received, even though this may be before the 25th of the month following the month of invoice.
7.7   Grafton International Limited reserves the right to decline an application for credit facilities and also reserves the right to withdraw facilities granted at any time.
7.8   Retention of Title. Property in the goods sold shall not pass to the buyer until the buyer has made payment in full to the Company of the invoice price for the goods.  The Company shall however be entitled to bring an action against Buyer for the invoice price (or any part thereof unpaid) at any time after the due date for payment of the same.  Until property of the goods shall have passed from the Buyer the company may recover possession of such goods from the Buyer and re-sell such goods and for that purpose the Buyer agrees that the Company, its servants and agents may enter upon any land or building upon which the goods are situated.
Promotion Codes
8.1    ‘Promotion Codes’ entitle you to an online exclusive saving to new orders placed on this Website.
8.2   All Promotion Codes are subject to ‘Promotional Terms and Conditions’.
8.3   Promotion Codes are valid for orders exclusively online and valid exclusively for trade and professional customers only.
8.4   Promotion Codes may be valid on specific Products and Services, and may be withdrawn at any time.
8.5   Only one Promotion Code may be used per order.
8.6   Promotion codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion including sales or discounted items.
8.7   Grafton International reserves the right to decline an order where, in our opinion, a Promotion Code has been misused or is invalid for the order placed.
8.8   In the event of product returns, a refund or replacement may be offered for value of original purchased, once the discount has been applied. This excludes delivery charge, gift wrapping and or gift card cost.
8.9   In the event of a product exchange, the Promotional Code will not be applied to replacement items. If the offer is still valid, you will be able to place the order using the original Promotion Code.
Delivery
9.1   The Standard delivery charge for most parts of the UK is £5.00.
9.2   Orders placed at the value of £100 (excluding VAT) or above qualify for free delivery in the United Kingdom.
9.3   Free delivery and Standard delivery prices exclude any excessive large or heavy items.
9.4   For Next Day delivery, orders must be placed before 11.00am GMT, with a cost of £8 per box.
9.5   Special delivery charges can be quoted upon request.
9.6   We do not deliver to the Channel Islands, Offshore Islands, Highlands, Scottish Islands and outside of the United Kingdom.
9.7   Once your order has been received, we aim to dispatch all standard orders within 3-5 working days.
9.8   All delivery dates and times are displayed on the Website are for indicative purposes only.
9.9   We will notify you if any Products or Services are unavailable at time of despatch and where possible, an alternative will be offered.
9.10 We cannot be held responsible for any delay in delivery caused by the supplier, the carrier or other party.
Claims On Your Order
10.1 The Products and Services will be your responsibility at the point when delivery has been fulfilled, all items are fully checked, tested and set up to professional standards before dispatch.
10.2Claims arising from damaged goods in transit must be brought to the attention of Grafton International in writing within 3 days of goods receipt. Claims made outside of this period will not be accepted.
10.3Claims arising from goods shortages must be brought to the attention of Grafton International in writing within 3 days of goods receipt, including photographic evidence. Claims made outside of this period will not be accepted.
Cancellations of orders
11.1 Your right to cancel an order starts from the date we confirm your order.
11.2 If the Products or Services have already been delivered to you, you have a period of seven working days in which you may cancel, starting from the day after the date you receive the order.
11.3 In order to cancel your order, you must contact us in writing via; Post: Grafton International, 301 Relay Business Park, Tamworth, B77 5PT, England Email: sales@graftons.co.uk
You may wish to keep a copy of your cancellation request for your own records.
11.4 If you send us your cancellation notice by email or by post, then your cancellation is effective from the date you sent us the e-mail or posted the letter to us.
11.5 You will receive a full refund of the price paid by you for the Products or Services, please note delivery charges are non-refundable.
11.6 We will process the refund due to you as soon as possible, in any case, within 30 calendar days of the  day from which you gave us notice of cancellation of your order.
11.7 If the Products or Services were delivered to you;
{a} You must return the Products or Services to us as soon as reasonably possible, as in the same state they were received in. {b} Unless the Products or Services are faulty, or not as described, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products or Services to us. (c) You have legal obligation to take reasonable care the Products or Services whilst in your possession.
Returned Goods / Faulty or Damages
12.1 On the rare occasion you receive a damaged or faulty Product or Service, please contact us for advise before returning at sales@graftons.co.uk. Please ensure that you include your order number in the email.
12.2 All damaged or faulty Products or Services should be returned within 14 days from purchase and accompanied with proof of purchase. Damaged or faulty goods will be exchanged or refunded.
12.3 Any returns outside of this period will be exchanged or refunded at our sole discretion.
12.4 Any non-electrical Products returned to us after 3 months, whether faulty or non-faulty will not be exchanged or refunded, these Products will be disposed of.
12.5 All electrical Products are covered by a 12-month guarantee. If you experience any problems with your electrical purchase, please contact us at sales@graftons.co.uk.
Goods Ordered Incorrectly
13.1 In exceptional circumstances, if Products or Services have been ordered online in error, we accepted returned goods with a 10% handling charge, under the following conditions;
(a) The item must be in perfect re-saleable condition. (b) A request must be made to us within 14 days of Product or Service receipt.
(c) No returned goods will be accepted unless a returns authorisation has been provided. The appropriate reference number must be quoted on all accompanying documents or correspondence.
(d) For your own protection, please obtain a proof of postage from the carrier as we accept no responsibility of lost parcels sent by you.
All Other Returns
14.1 Products or Services which are included in our ‘Gift with Purchase’ promotions, cannot be exchanged or refunded, unless the full offer is returned.
14.2 We cannot accept returns for beauty accessories such as and not limited to; nail files, cuticle care tools which have been opened or used. These restrictions are a protective measure for the benefit of our customers.
Complaint Handling Policy
15.1 Should you be unhappy with a Product or Service, order process or delivery, please contact our Customer Service Team on:
Address:
Grafton International Ltd.
301 Relay Drive Relay Business Park Tamworth
Staffordshire B77 5PT
Email: sales@graftons.co.uk
We promise to acknowledge and do everything we can to handle your complaint in a fair and honest way, keeping you informed every step of the way.
Grafton International supply only extraordinary health and beauty brands for Professionals and Retailers, since 1985. As a leading professional beauty supplier, our products range from professional gel nail polish and nail polish, bath & body care, eyelash extensions and professional waxing products. We bring you the products that work from the brands we love including ibd, ORLY, Carmex, Kneipp, Gigi, Rose & Co, Skin Republic and many more. Create your account online today. Order your health and beauty supplies online today, free delivery on orders over £100 and we offer next day delivery. Alternatively contact our Customer Service team on 01827 280 080.
Terms & Conditions
Close
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
01827 280 080
Explore Graftons
Our Story
World Of
News
Training
Meet The Team
Careers
Newsletter Sign Up
Our Brands
Badger
Carmex
Clean + Easy
GiGi
ibd
Kneipp
Nailtiques
ORLY
Rident
Rose & Co
Skin Republic
Surgi
Our Products
Nails
Waxing
Body Care
Bath & Shower
Skin Care
Gifts
Special Offers
Hygiene
Customer Service
My Account
Delivery and Returns
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Promotion Terms & Conditions
Explore Our Brands
© 2019 Grafton International Ltd. All rights reserved Registered company number 3279497 at Grafton International LTD, 301 Relay Business Park, Tamworth, B77 5PT, England.
Explore Our Brands
Notify me when back in stock
Email Address *
Notify Me