http://www.midwestproducts.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
About Us
History
Contact Us
Corporate
Products
All Products
Materials
Balsa Wood
Basswood
Dowels
Hardwoods
Plywood
Carbon Fiber
Cork
Clear Polycarbonate
Polyester Sheets
PVC Sheets
Polystyrene Sheets
Midwest Studio Birch Artist Panels
Midwest Studio Birch Artist Panels
Tools and Adhesives
Adhesives
Tools
Activity Kits
Aviation Kits
Structure and Education Kits
Craft Kits
Applications
Crafters
Educators
Hobbyists
Wood Workers
Midwest Studio
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Midwest Products Co., Inc. does not share nonpublic personal information and we will continue to protect your privacy. Privacy is fundamental to the American way of life. When you provide financial information in order to process your transaction, you fully expect your data to be used only for its intended purpose and to be kept confidential. We respect your right to confidentiality and are dedicated to ensuring that your personal information remains personal. We value your business and hope you will remain with us for many years to come. If you ever have questions or concerns about the integrity of your information - or any other aspect of our business operations - please don't hesitate to contact us. This privacy disclosure is being issued to comply with the provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act governing the privacy of financial information.OUR PRIVACY DISCLOSURE POLICYMidwest Products Co., Inc. collects only relevant information about our customers that the law allows, or requires, us to have to conduct our business. We collect nonpublic information about you from the following sources: Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name and address. Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as your account balance, payment history, parties to transactions, and credit card usage. Information we receive from a consumer-reporting agency such as your credit worthiness and credit history. Information we receive from you on our website. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to only those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.