https://www.avan.com.au/customer-service/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy1. INTRODUCTION
Avan Campers Australia (‘Avan’) is committed to protecting the privacy of an individual’s personal information. This Privacy Policy sets out the principles that Avan Campers Australia will follow in collecting, using, holding, disclosing and otherwise managing personal information.
“Personal information” is information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether true or not and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
Avan is bound by the Privacy Act 1998 (Commonwealth) (Act) and the Australian Privacy Principles that are contained in that Act.
2. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Avan may collect personal information about an individual in a variety of ways, including when an individual interacts with Avan in person, by document or electronically, for example when an individual accesses our website.
Avan will only collect personal information about an individual where the information is reasonably necessary for one or more of our functions or activities. The kinds of personal information collected and held, how that information is collected and held and the purposes for which that information is collected, held, used and disclosed will depend on the circumstances.
Examples of instances where personal information may be collected by Avan include:
collecting personal information from purchasers of Avan product for the purposes of enabling proper records to be kept and for warranty or reporting purposes; and
collecting personal information from individuals who enter into service agreements, joint venture agreements or other transactions with Avan for the purpose of administering those agreements or transactions or for reporting purposes. Examples of instances where personal information may be used by Avan include:
enabling quotations, invoices and statements to be provided;
The promotion of other services that may be of value or interest to purchasers of Avan product. This may include information about Avan’s products and services. If an Avan owner does not wish to receive any promotional material, they may notify Avan in writing to that effect at any time; and
enabling service reminders to be mailed to Avan owners.Examples of the kinds of personal information Avan may collect and hold include:
name;
address;
phone number;
fax number;
email address;
information about goods or services ordered, acquired or supplied;
information from enquiries made;
communications between Avan and an individual; and
credit card information. Avan will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that is collected, used or disclosed by it is complete and up to date. Avan will only collect personal information about an individual from that individual unless it is unreasonable or impractical to do so.At or before, or if that is not practicable, as soon as practicable after, the time that the personal information is collected, Avan will take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual is aware of the matters required by the Australian Privacy Principles, including:
3. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
why the personal information is being collected;
who else the personal information might be given to;
the fact that this Privacy Policy contains information about how the individual is able to gain access to and correction of the information collected; and
how to contact Avan, including to make a complaint. When an individual seeks a service from Avan it is on the understanding that they consent to their personal information being collected, used and disclosed for the purpose of providing the service.If Avan collects personal information about an individual from someone else, Avan will take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual is aware that Avan has collected the information and of the above matters.Avan will only use or disclose this personal information for:
the purpose for which it was collected;
any related purpose for which it would reasonably be expected to be used or disclosed;
a purpose required or permitted by law; or
a purpose for which the individual has provided consent. Examples of instances where Avan may disclose personal information about individuals to third parties include disclosure to providers of services to Avan, Government agencies, Regulatory authorities, related bodies corporate of Avan and professional advisers of Avan.
Avan requires its service providers to keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than performing those services.
4. SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Avan will also take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information it holds that is no longer necessary for the disclosed purpose is destroyed or permanently de-identified, subject to any legal obligation to keep the personal information for any required period of time.At the request of an individual, Avan will, in most circumstances, provide access to an individual to any personal information that is being held by Avan about that individual.An individual can seek access to, and update or correct, any personal information that is being held by Avan about that individual by contacting us here.Avan may amend this Policy from time to time.This Policy as amended from time to time is to be placed on the Avan website and is also available upon request.If a person has any concern, query or complaint about:
CONCERNS, QUERIES AND COMPLAINTS
WEBSITE
AMENDMENT OF POLICY
There are certain circumstances where Avan will not provide an individual access to such personal information in accordance with the Act. These circumstances include where providing access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of others, where providing access would reveal commercially sensitive information about the organisation or where providing access would be unlawful.
5. ACCESS TO, UPDATING AND CORRECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Avan will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information that it holds is protected from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
Avan is unlikely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients.
any personal information that may have been collected, used or disclosed by Avan;
this Privacy Policy; or
a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles, they are to detail same in writing and they will be referred to the Company’s General Counsel. All correspondence should be addressed to Avan at 9 Webster Way, Pakenham. 3810.Avan takes complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of the complaint.Updated: 1 December 2014
Avan Campers Australia
Explore More ModelsDealersDownloadsCustomer ServiceWarranty RegistrationPrivacyContact UsFind your local Avan Campers, Caravans & Motorhome dealer. Find Your Dealer