https://www.meriam.com/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy - The Trusted Leader in Measurement & Calibration Solutions
The Trusted Leader in Measurement
& Calibration Solutions
Search for:
The Trusted Leader in Measurement
& Calibration Solutions
Rentals
Resources
News & Articles
Resources
For Repair & Calibration
RMA Request
Reverse Logistics Aid
Application Notes
Certifications
Downloads
MAP Pricing
Product Datasheets
Product Image Gallery
Product Manuals
Register Your Product
Satisfaction Survey
SDS (MSDS)
Control Drawings
Terms & Conditions
Supplier Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Editorials
World Pipelines Magazine
About Us
Careers
Company History
Scott Fetzer
Strategic Acquisitions
Contact Meriam
Call 1-800.817.7849
Medical Products
Industrial Products
Hydro Pneumatic Tester
HART® Communicators
Averaging Pitot Tubes
Calibrators/Digital Manometers
Gauges and Transmitters
Hand Pumps
Indicating Fluids
Laminar Flow
Manometers
Orifice Plates & Flanges
Additional Accessories
PIT5000 Pipeline Integrity Tester
Industries
Oil & Gas
Chemical
Utilities
MEDICAL MANOMETERS FOR MEDICAL / LIFE SCIENCE
Automotive
Petrochemical
Other
Find A Dealer
Regional Sales Managers
Find Your Rep
MAP Pricing
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
A Trusted Leader in Measurement & Calibration Solutions
Thank you for visiting our website. Meriam Process Technologies is committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy on the Internet. All information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to Meriam will be held with the utmost care, a more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Resale or disclosure of information to third parties:
Meriam does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including membership forms and e-mail lists.
Information collected on the website and how we use it:
We collect two types of information about visitors: Personal information (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information if you place an order with us, etc.) which you have voluntarily submitted to us, and Aggregate information (such as information about how many visitors log on to our sites, the pages they access, etc.).
We obtain the aggregate information from our website logs which we analyze to constantly improve the quality and value of the materials available on our site. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site. This means that, in general, you can visit our websites without telling us who you are or revealing personal information about yourself, in which case you may however be unable to participate in certain promotions or receive product information.
We collect, maintain and use personal information you have voluntarily submitted to contact you, including via email, to respond to your comments or requests for information, or to contact you if needed in the course of processing or shipping your order for products or services offered over our website.
In addition, we may use personal information to provide you the most helpful and targeted products and services to meet your needs and respond to your inquiries.
Cookies:
Cookies help us in many ways to make your visit to our website more enjoyable and meaningful to you. Cookies are text information files that your web browser places on your computer when you visit a website. Meriam may use such “cookie” technology to obtain non-personal information from you as an online visitor.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Meriam may also use so-called “web beacons” to access the information contained in its cookies within the network of the Meriam sites and interactive banner ads.
Privacy of our e-mail lists:
Meriam maintains several e-mail lists to keep Meriam customers, the press, and interested members of the general public informed about breaking events. We do not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease the addresses on our list to anyone.
Security:
We take steps to make all information received from you online as secure as reasonably possible against unauthorized access and use.
Links to other sites:
Our website may contain links to other websites. Meriam has no control over the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We recommend you carefully read the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Your acceptance of our privacy practices:
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Statement, and you adhere to the terms and conditions posted on the website. This clause is not enforceable in countries of the European Union. Please check back for updates to our Privacy Statement and this Executive Summary.
Industries Served
Oil and Gas
Chemical
Medical / Life Sciences
Utilities
Automotive
Petrochemical
Other
Our Products
Averaging Pitot Tubes
Calibrators/Digital
Manometers
Medical / Life Science
Gauges and Transmitters
Hand Pumps
Manometers
Call 1-800.817.7849
216.281.1100
Meriam offers instrumentation and calibration equipment, including industrial
and medical handheld digital manometers.
Privacy Policy
Proposition 65 California
Legal