https://www.knfilters.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic.
We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Dismiss
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
FIND YOUR PART | SEARCH BY:
Vehicle
Vehicle
VIN
Dimension
All
Enter your Vehicle Identification Number (VIN)
Photo Uploaded
Upload Vin Image
By Vehicle
Automotive
Motorcycle/ATV
Specialty/Other
All
*
By Vin
Take Photo of Your Vin
Photo uploaded
By Dimension
Last Updated: 8/14/18
Our website uses automatic data collection technologies to collect certain
information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including
the details of your visit to our Website (traffic data, logs), and
information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP
address, operating system, and browser type. The technologies we use for
this automatic data collection may include cookies, flash cookies, and/or
web beacons.
About Cookies
A cookie is a piece of code that allows the web server to identify and
track activity of the web browser. We use these in order to make websites
work more efficiently and analyze our traffic. Cookies are widely used in
order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide
information to the owners of the website. We may use both “Session Cookies”
and “Persistent Cookies” on this website. Session Cookies
will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent
Cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they
reach a specified expiry date.
Types of Cookies
Different cookies are used for different purposes. Our site may use these
types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
Our website requires the use of these cookies to properly operate or
provide necessary functions relating to the services you request. For
example, our website uses cookies to identify trusted web traffic.
Statistics cookies.
These cookies allow us to improve how our website works, by allowing us
and our third-party service providers to recognize and count the number
of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they
are using it. These cookies generate aggregate statistics that are not
associated with an individualized profile.
Preference cookies.
These cookies are helpful to improve your website experience, but are
not essential. For example, these cookies help us recognize you return
to our website and personalize content for you.
Marketing cookies.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The
intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the
individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third
party advertisers.
Choosing Your Cookie Settings
You have a choice about the placement of cookies on our website. You
can change or withdraw your cookie consent on our website
through our cookie consent tool.
Cookie Settings
You can also use your web browser to directly block all cookies, or
just third-party cookies, through your browser settings. Using your
browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary
ones, may interfere with proper site operation.
Guidance on how to control cookies in popular browsers is contained here:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
MacOS Safari
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
You can also find additional information on cookie controls and
advertisement here:
Network Advertising Initiative
Digital Advertising Alliance
Google allows users to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics and Google
Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting services. You can adjust your
setting here
, or download the
Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on
.
Flash Cookies
Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash
cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and
navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by
the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. To learn how you
can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page
on Adobe's
website
. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this
site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Web Beacons
Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files
known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and
single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have
visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website
statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website
content and verifying system and server integrity). Registered subscribers
can update their communication preferences at any time by contacting us, or
you can unsubscribe following the instructions in the individual email
communications you receive from us.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not currently respond to 'do not track' signals and similar settings
or mechanisms. When you use the Website, we try to provide a customized
experience.
Social buttons
We use social buttons to enable our users to share or bookmark web pages.
These are buttons for third party social media sites and these sites may
log information about your activities on the Internet including on this
Website. Please review the respective terms of use and privacy policies of
these sites to understand exactly how they use your information and to find
out how to opt-out, or delete, such information.
External web services
We sometimes use external web services on this Website to display content
within the web pages of this Website, for example to display images or show
videos. As with the social buttons, we cannot prevent these sites, or
external domains, from collecting information on your use of this embedded
content.
Changes to Our Cookie Uses
We will post any changes to the way we use cookies on this page. If the
changes materially alter how we use cookies, we will post a notice on
our website and request your consent for the materially different use.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our
cookie use notice.
Warning!
We have detected that you are using an outdated browser that will not allow you to access certain features of our website.
We strongly recommend installing an updated browser, such as Google Chrome, for an improved browsing experience.
Chat Now
Copyright © 2020 K&N Engineering, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use