https://www.procam.tv/privacy-policy
We use cookies to enhance your user experience. By using our services, you agree to our cookie policy.
Home
Privacy Policy
Procam Privacy StatementWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalise your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.To send periodic marketing emails. By subscribing to our newsletter, you confirm you are the authorised owner/user of the email address submitted and consent to receive marketing emails pertaining to Procam updates and news, such as kit announcements, recent projects, events and company news.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. You have the right to access and correct your personal information and can opt into or out of receiving promotional materials at any time.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Procam complies with the standard procedures laid down in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to ensure that the personal information you give us is kept secure and processed fairly and lawfully.Do we use cookies?Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.This policy was last modified on 6th April 2018Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.http://www.procam.tvUnit 1 Wave Trade ParkConcord RoadActonLondon W3 0BFinfo@procam.tv020 7622 9888  PROCAM EMPLOYEE AND PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYEE DATA FAIR PROCESSING NOTICEProcam is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information. This Employee Fair Processing Notice describes the personal information that Procam collects from or about you, and how we use and to whom we disclose that information.What Personal Information Do We Collect?For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information is any information about an identifiable individual, other than the person's business title or business contact information when used or disclosed for the purpose of business communications. Personal information does not include anonymous or non-personal information.We collect and maintain different types of personal information in respect of those individuals who seek to be, are, or were employed by us, including the personal information contained in:CVs and applications;references and interview notes;photographs and video;letters of offer and acceptance of employment;policy acknowledgement sign-off sheets;training and personal development records;payroll information; including but not limited to national insurance number, banking and deposit information;wage and benefit information;forms relating to the application for, or in respect of changes to, employee health and welfare benefits; including, short and long term disability, medical and dental care; andbeneficiary and emergency contact information.In addition to the examples listed above, personal information also includes information such as name, home address, telephone, personal email address, date of birth, and any other information necessary to Procam business purposes, which is disclosed in the course of an employee's application for and employment with Procam.As a general rule, Procam collects personal information directly from you. In most circumstances where the personal information that we collect about you is held by a third party, we will obtain your permission before we seek out this information from such sources (such permission may be given directly by you, or implied from your actions). An example of this would be an employment reference.From time to time, we may use the services of third parties and may also receive personal information collected by those third parties in the course of the performance of their services for us. In that case, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such third parties have represented to us that they have the right to disclose your personal information to us.Where permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements, we may collect information about you without your knowledge or consent.Why Do We Collect Personal Information?The personal information collected is used and disclosed for our business purposes, including establishing, managing or terminating your employment relationship with Procam. Such uses include:determining eligibility for initial employment, including the verification of references and qualifications;administering pay and benefits;processing employee work-related claims (e.g. worker compensation, insurance claims, etc.)establishing training and/or development requirements;conducting performance reviews and determining performance requirements;assessing qualifications for a particular job or task;gathering evidence for disciplinary action, or termination;establishing a contact point in the event of an emergency (such as next of kin);complying with applicable labour or employment statutes;compiling directories;ensuring the security of company-held information; andsuch other purposes as are reasonably required by Procam.MonitoringThe work output of Procam employees, whether in paper record, computer files, or in any other storage format belongs to us, and that work output, and the tools used to generate that work output, are always subject to review and monitoring by Procam.In the course of conducting our business, we may monitor employee activities and our premises and property. For example, some areas of our promises are equipped with CCTV. Where in use, CCTV cameras are there for the protection of employees and third parties, and to protect against theft, vandalism and damage to Procam goods and property. Generally, recorded images are routinely destroyed and not shared with third parties unless there is suspicion of a crime, in which case they may be turned over to the police or other appropriate government agency or authority. Pursuant to the Procam’s IT Policy and your contract of employment, we have the capability to monitor all employees' computer and e-mail use.This section is not meant to suggest that all employees will in fact be monitored or their actions subject to constant surveillance. It is meant to bring to your attention the fact that such monitoring may occur and may result in the collection of personal information from employees (e.g. through their use of our resources). When using Procam equipment or resources employees should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to their use of such equipment or resources.How Do We Use Your Personal Information?We may use your personal information for the purposes described in this Policy, or for any additional purposes that we advise you of and where your consent is required by law we have obtained your consent in respect of the use or disclosure of your personal information.We may use your personal information without your knowledge or consent where we are permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements to do so.When Do We Disclose Your Personal Information?We may share your personal information with our employees, members, contractors, consultants and other parties who require such information to assist us with establishing, managing or terminating our employment relationship with you, including: parties that provide products or services to us or on our behalf and parties that collaborate with us in the provision of products or services to you. An example of this is the provision of payroll services by a third-party organisation providing processing services to Procam.Also, your personal information may be disclosed:as permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements. In such a case, we will not disclose more personal information than is required under the circumstances;to comply with valid legal processes such as search warrants, subpoenas or Court orders;as part of Procam regular reporting activities;to protect the rights and property of Procam;during emergency situations or where necessary to protect the safety of a person or group of persons;where the personal information is publicly available; orwith your consent where such consent is required by law.Notification and ConsentPrivacy and employment laws do not generally require Procam to obtain your consent for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information for the purpose of establishing, managing or terminating your employment relationship. In addition, we may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your knowledge or consent where we are permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements to do so.Where your consent was required for our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, you may, at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, withdraw your consent. All communications with respect to such withdrawal or variation of consent should be in writing and addressed to the Chief Executive.How is Your Personal Information Protected?Procam endeavours to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information in question. These safeguards are designed to protect your personal information from loss and unauthorised access, copying, use, modification or disclosure.How Long is Your Personal Information Retained?Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements, Procam will retain your personal information only for as long as it believes is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the personal information was collected (including, for the purpose of meeting any legal, accounting or other reporting requirements or obligations). We may, instead of destroying or erasing your personal information, make it anonymous such that it cannot be associated with or tracked back to you. In most cases your data will be deleted 6 years after you have left the company. If you have applied to work for Procam and have been unsuccessful we will retain your data will be deleted after 6 months.Updating Your Personal InformationIt is important that the information contained in our records is both accurate and current. If your personal information happens to change during the course of your employment, please keep us informed of such changes.In some circumstances, we may not agree with your request to change your personal information and will instead append an alternative text to the record in question.Access to Your Personal InformationYou can ask to see the personal information that we hold about you. If you want to review, verify or correct your personal information, please contact the Chief Executive. Please note that any such communication may be required in writing.When requesting access to your personal information, please note that we may request specific information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal information that we hold about you. We may charge you a fee to access your personal information; however, we will advise you of any fee in advance. If you require assistance in preparing your request, please contact the Chief Executive.Your right to access the personal information that we hold about you is not absolute. There are instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the personal information that we hold about you. In addition, the personal information may have been destroyed, erased or made anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices.If we cannot provide you with access to your personal information, we will try to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.Your other legal rightsData protection legislation also provides you with certain other rights. These are not always absolute rights and must be considered in the wider scope of the legislation. These rights are:right to erasure, also known as the right to be forgotten. The broad principle underpinning this right is to enable an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing. In some circumstances this is not an absolute right;right to restrict processing. You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress processing of personal data. Again, this is not an absolute right and will depend on the circumstances and any other legal/statutory obligations Procam may have;right to data portability. This is unlikely to apply in the circumstances of employment;right to object to processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling). This is unlikely to apply in the circumstances of employment;rights related to automated decision making including profiling. This is unlikely to apply in the circumstances of employment;Any questions you may have regarding the processing of your personal data should be directed at the Chief Executive of Procam.
Add to Kit
CONTINUE BROWSING
Go to Kit List