https://www.soundconstructionsupply.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Sound Construction & Supply Customer Privacy Policy
Your privacy matters to us!  We will NEVER share your personal information nor contact information with any third party. You can purchase with confidence knowing we use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) to encrypt and process sensitive data. Your credit card information is only transmitted during the purchase transaction and will NOT be retained past the point of purchase. Your credit card information will NEVER be stored on our servers.
What information we collect and how we use it:
When you visit our Web site, we collect your IP address, which we use to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our web site, and to improve our services.
You can order from our store without creating an account, however, we do encourage our customers to open an account. Setting up an account requires you to provide your email address and choose a password (your “Account Information”). When you order from us, we also ask for your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, credit card number, and expiration date (your “Order Information”). This information is necessary for us to process your order, to notify you of your order status, and to fulfill orders.  Your contact information and order history will be retained under ‘My Account‘ to make log in and purchases from our store convenient. You can login and updated your contact information at any time. Login passwords are encrypted on our servers. Password reminders are only available to registered users by email and cannot be viewed by our staff.  We will never ask you to provide your login information.
How we protect your information
This Web site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. When you place orders or access your account information, we use a secure server. The secure server layer (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. All of the customer data we collect is similarly protected against unauthorized access.
Sound Construction & Supply will not share your personal information with third parties. Sound Construction & Supply will not provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related website information to third parties.  Your contact information will always be kept confidential. Your credit card information will NOT be retained past the point of purchase, and will NEVER be stored on our servers.
As an extra measure of credit card security and fraud protection, a phone number matching the credit card holder’s account is required to process a transaction.  We will NEVER use phone numbers for solicitations nor sell or distribute personal contact information.  We will only advertise to our customers through written email communications. All mailing list remove requests will be honored.
Cookies
Sound Construction & Supply web site uses “cookies,” which are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide a shopping cart and user id number to match your shipping and billing information with our records. If you’ve set your browser to reject cookies, you can still use our site, but will not be able to purchase items.
Indemnity
Sound Construction & Supply encourages anyone who uses cookies to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies. We discourage anyone from making purchases from our store while using a public computer, public WIFI or unsecured network.  Sound Construction & Supply cannot be held liable for loss of identity or credit card fraud when public and unsecured connection methods are utilized by the customer.
How to contact us
Sound Construction & Supply welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please contact us.
Search for:
Studio Desks
Studio Desks for Mixers
Legacy
Studio Desk Workstations
RADIUS – Signature 67
RADIUS – Signature 78
RADIUS – Composer 61
RADIUS – Composer 88
Mixer Specific Desks
API Studio Desks
Avid Studio Desks
Neve Studio Desks
SSL Studio Desks
Toft Studio Desks
Trident Studio Desks
Yamaha Studio Desks
Studio Racks
Slanted Studio Racks
Slanted Single Bay Racks
Slanted Double Bay Racks
Slanted Triple Bay Racks
Lowboy Studio Racks
Straight Studio Racks
Straight Single Bay Racks
Straight Double Bay Racks
Straight Triple Bay Racks
Computer Racks
Desktop Studio Racks
Portable Racks
Image Column
IsoBox™ – Sound Isolating Racks
IsoBox Studio
IsoBox Studio 12RU
IsoBox Studio 16RU
IsoBox Studio 20RU
IsoBox Post
IsoBox Post 14RUx38
IsoBox Post 18RUx38
IsoBox Post 24RUx38
IsoBox Post 14RUx45
IsoBox Post 18RUx45
IsoBox Post 24RUx45
Support
Order Tracking
Technical Support
FAQs
Login
Newsletter
FOR A LIMITED TIME: Purchase a Sound Construction Desk and get a pureMix Pro Membership Free for 1 Month.
Top
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register