https://www.rushlift.co.uk/applicant-privacy-policy/
HomeApplicant Privacy Policy
FAIR PROCESSING NOTICE FOR PROSPECTIVE EMPLOYEES AT DOOSAN
Doosan Industrial Vehicle UK Ltd collect data and information about our prospective employees so that we can assess your suitability as a candidate. This Fair Processing Notice explains what data we process, why we process it, our legal basis, how long we keep it and the rights of prospective employees. This information will enable you to make an informed choice about whether or not you choose to apply for a position at Doosan Industrial Vehicle UK Ltd.
We will always make sure that our prospective employee’s information is protected and treated securely. Any information that we process will be held in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Protection Act 2018 and other UK or EU data protection legislation.
Our contact details
Company Name: Doosan Industrial Vehicle UK Ltd
Company number: 07646794
Registered address: Unit 12 Kilvey Road, Brackmills Industrial Estate, Northampton, Northamptonshire, NN4 7BQ
Phone: 01604 825 600
Email: people@doosan.com
WHAT DATA DO WE PROCESS?
In order to employ you, we are required to process the following personal data:
Your passport or other identification to prove that you have the right to work in the UK. From your passport, we will have your name, date of birth, your nationality, a biometric photo and your passport number, place of birth, gender.
Documentary evidence of any relevant qualifications;
Work experience, education and skills;
A copy of each reference obtained for you;
Data revealling your race, religious beliefs, political views, gender sex or sexual orientation for our Equality and Diversity programme
Publicly available information of your profile on business social media channels, such as Linkedin.  We do not view your private social media, such as Facebook, as it is not relevant to your potential employment with Doosan.
We obtain the above information from you in order to make an offer of employment, when you apply directly to us. When you apply via a recruitment agency, we only receive all or some of the following data; full name, email address, phone number, home address and employment history.  We have instructed the recruitment agencies to provide you with this Fair Processing Notice so that you will understand how Doosan Industrial Vehicle UK Ltd processes your personal data before you apply for a position with us.
We collect information about you when you apply for employment with Doosan Industrial Vehicle UK Ltd and we process it during the recruitment process. If you are a successful candidate, the personal data collected and processed will become part of your HR file.
WHY DO WE NEED TO PROCESS PERSONAL DATA ON OUR POTENTIAL EMPLOYEES?
Doosan Industrial Vehicle UK Ltd needs to process personal data about our prospective employees in order to  assess your suitability as a candidate, to fulfil our legal obligation to ensure that you have the right to work in the UK and in case of any employment tribunal claims.  We will also use your data for statistical purposes to improve our application and recruitment process. Where possible, you will not be identified from the data.
OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
By law, we need a legal basis for processing the personal data of a candidate. We will process your data using the legal basis of consent, legal obligation and legitimate interests.
Consent:
Consent is given where we ask you for permission to use your information in a specific way and you agree to this.  Where we use your information for a purpose based on consent, you have the right to withdraw consent for this purpose at any time. For example, you apply for a position with us because you wish to.
Legal obligation:
We have a basis to use your personal information where we need to do so to comply with one of our legal or regulatory obligations.  For example, we need to check that you have the right to work in the UK.
Legitimate interests
We have a basis to use your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for us to do so and in our “legitimate interests” (provided that what the information is used for is fair and does not unduly impact your rights).
For example, we have a legitimate interest to keep your personal data on our systems in order to keep it secure, process it and to provide you with a service.
We only rely on legitimate interests where we have considered any potential impact on you, whether or not our processing is excessive and that our processing does not override your rights.
You have the right to object to our processing your personal data because of our legitimate interests. Please contact us if you have any concerns.
Special Categories of Data
Special categories of personal data are data revealing race, religious beliefs, political views, trade union membership, sex life or sexual orientation, health or genetic/biometric information.  We will process this type of information about you only if we are required to do so and if we have a specific exemption under the GDPR, which are: your explicit consent or if we are required to do so for employment law purposes.
We process the following data because we have a legal obligation for employment law purposes to do so. We cannot employ you without this data.
Proof of your identity, including a copy of your birth certificate and passport (if any), a valid working visa, ID Card {from EU Countries}, as evidence of the right to work in the UK (name, date of birth, nationality, biometric photo, passport number)
We process the following personal data due to our legal obligation for employment law purposes to share it with:
The Home Office for the right to work checks, if required,
Shared with External Auditors
We process the following personal data with the explicit consent of the prospective employee for Equality and Diversity purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at anytime:
data revealing racial or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, religious or philosophical beliefs or health.
We process the following personal data with the explicit consent of the prospective employee, if the prospective employee needs reasonable adjustments in order to attend for an interview and offer of employment. You have the right to withdraw your consent at anytime:
data concerning health
In the case of any disputes, we will process the following personal data because we have a legitimate interest and the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims:
all personal data will be shared, as required, with our legal advisors and our insurers
We will process the following personal data because it is a legitimate activity of Doosan Industrial Vehicle Limited:
collect your personal data during the recruitment process to assess your suitability;
hold your CV and all data collected during the recruitment process for six months in the unlikely event of any employment tribunal claims;
store your personal data securely on servers and in the cloud;
capture your image on CCTV for the safety and security of our clients, staff and visitors;
require documentary evidence of any relevant qualifications; and
obtain references for you.
You have the right to object to our process because of our legitimate interests. Please contact us if you have any concerns.
We will process the following personal data with your consent and you have the right to withdraw your consent at anytime
Your application to us; and
We will hold your application for six months if you are not successful and wish us to hold your application for any future positions.
How long do we hold the personal data of our prospective employees?
We hold all records of an unsuccessful prospective employee for six months in the unlikely event of any employment tribunal claims.  We will hold your CV in case of any future positions for a further six months and only with your consent. We will destroy your application if a position has not become available during that six months.
If you are successful, your application will become part of your employee file.
Who do we share prospective employee data with?
We share data, where required, with:
The Home Office for right to work checks;
Our insurance providers;
Our legal advisors;
Our software and cloud service providers;
Our head office in South Korea.
Data transfers out of the EU or EEA
Your data is kept in the EU or EEA except for data in the following circumstances.
Data that is transferred to our head office in South Korea for administrative purposes.  South Korea is a non-adequate country for data transfer as determined by the European Commission. Your data is protected by EU Model Contracts between our UK office and our Korean head office. The EU Commission has determined that EU Model Contracts are sufficient safeguards on data protection for the data to be transferred internationally. You can learn more about Standard Contractual Clauses at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en.
To process an employment offer, your data is processed with our Data Collection Provider (DCP) Logiforms, whose servers are located in Canada.  The European Commission has determined Canada as a country as offering an adequate level of data protection, recognising it with an adequacy decision.  You can read more about that decision here.
Rights of prospective employees
Your rights
You have rights in respect of our processing of your personal data which are:
To access to your personal data and information about our processing of it.  You also have the right to request a copy of your personal data (but we will need to remove information about other people).
To rectify incorrect personal data that we are processing.
To request that we erase your personal data if:
we no longer need it;
if we are processing your personal data by consent and you withdraw that consent;
if we no longer have a legitimate ground to process your personal data; or
we are processing your personal data unlawfully
To object to our processing if it is by legitimate interest.
To restrict our processing if it was by legitimate interest.
To request that your personal data be transferred (data portability) from us to another company if we were processing your data under a contract or with your consent and the processing is carried out by automated means.
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, please raise your concern with us in the first instance.  You may also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
When you visit our website, it will place cookies on your device. To see what cookies we serve and to set your own preferences, please see our Cookie Policy. If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our website. If you don’t agree, please set your preferences before using our website. OkCookie Policy