http://www.duffey.com/privacy.aspx
BLOGFacebookTwitterLinkedIn
About Us
Leadership
Sherri Fallin Simmons
Careers
Opportunity Listing
Apply Online
/
Public Relations
Strategic Planning & Creative Ideation
Brand Strategy & Design
Media Relations
Community Relations & Cause Marketing
Strategic Alliance Building
Social Media
Corporate Communications
Crisis Communications
Market Research
Event Planning & Management
/
Government Affairs
/
Results & Awards
Awards
Case Studies
Industry Expertise
Consumer Packaged Goods
Defense
Environment
Food and Beverage
Health Care
Manufacturing
Nonprofits
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
Trade Associations and Professional Organizations
/
News Room
/
Contact Us
Billing and Postal Mail
Home/
Privacy
Privacy
Duffey is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Duffey Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Duffey website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Duffey collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Duffey also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Duffey. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Duffey for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Duffey Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Duffey public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Duffey
does not read any of your private online communications.
Duffey encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Duffey so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Duffey is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Duffey
and Duffey family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Duffey collects and uses your personal information to operate the Duffey
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Duffey also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Duffey and its affiliates. Duffey may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Duffey does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Duffey may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Duffey
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Duffey, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Duffey does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Duffey keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Duffey, in order to determine what Duffey services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Duffey to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Duffey Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Duffey or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Duffey; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Duffey, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Duffey Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Duffey pages, or
register with Duffey site or services, a cookie helps Duffey
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Duffey Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Duffey
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Duffey services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Duffey secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Duffey secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Duffey will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Duffey encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Duffey is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Duffey welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Duffey has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Duffey at support@idea2working.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
(404)-266-2600
© 2020. Duffey Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Site Map |
Terms Of Use |
Privacy Statement |
|
Login