http://www.tigerbrokerage.com/privacy-policy
Tiger Brokerage Group is notifying you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Tiger Brokerage Group is the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Choices Available Regarding Use of Data
You may opt out of sharing personal data via our website by instead calling Tiger Brokerage Group directly and bypassing any online forms. You may also request at any time to be removed from any marketing emails. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect personal information that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
Website Terms and Conditions
tigerborkerage.com Website offers this Web site, including all information, products and services available from this Web site (“tigerborkerage.com“), to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all of the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. tigerborkerage.com reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions immediately by posting the changed Terms and Conditions in this location.
Your continued use of the tigerborkerage.com web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices, and any changes to the Terms and Conditions made by tigerborkerage.com.
The term ‘tigerborkerage.com ‘or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website tigerborkerage.com The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website, participating member of our website or customer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
Use the website at your own risk. This website is provided to you “as is,” without warranty of any kind either express or implied. Neither TigerBrokerage.com, Tiger Brokerage Group nor its employees, agents, third-party information providers, merchants, licensors, or the like warrant that the Web site or its operation will be accurate, reliable, uninterrupted, or error-free. No agent or representative has the authority to create any warranty regarding the Web site on behalf of tigerborkerage.com.
Tigerborkerage.com reserves the right to change or discontinue at any time any aspect or feature of the Web site.
Exclusion of Liability:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Indemnification:
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Copyright:
Except for material in the public domain under United States copyright law, all material contained on the Web site (including all software, HTML code, Java applets, Active X controls and other code) is protected by United States and foreign copyright laws. Except as otherwise expressly provided in these terms and conditions, you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, rewrite, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material contained on the Web site without the prior consent of the copyright owner.
None of the material contained on tigerborkerage.com may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, de-compiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo reproduction, recordation or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of tigerborkerage.com. Violation of this provision may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
E-mail:  info@tigerbrokerage.com
Contact Us
(239) 234-6421
4600A Enterprise Avenue,
Naples, FL 34104
info@tigerbrokerage.com
(239) 596-1559
Have A Question?
Free Valuations
|
RGB Web Design
Privacy Policy
|
Image Use
Home
About Us
OUR COMPANY
OUR TEAM BIOS
TESTIMONIALS
NEWS
How We Can Help
SELLERS
BUYERS
Tiger Approach
FAQ
Contact
Scroll To Top