http://www.icsconnect.com/global-cookies-policy
We use cookies and tracking technologies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and improve the website.
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you expressly agree to our use of cookies and tracking technologies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
If you wish to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics you can opt-out below.
Accept Cookies
Google Analytics Opt-Out
Our NetworkContactNews and Events
Cookies Policy
This Cookie and Tracking Technologies Policy (this “Cookie Policy”) sets forth the cookie and tracking policies and practices of AmerisourceBergen Corporation (“AmerisourceBergen”) and its subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers and advertising partners as they relate to your use and interaction with AmerisourceBergen.com or its subsidiaries’ or affiliates’ web sites (collectively, the “Web Site”), which allow us to distinguish you from other users of the Web Site. Our use of cookies and tracking technologies on the Web Site allows us to (i) provide you a better experience while you browse the Web Site, (ii) improve the Web Site, and (iii) advertise products or services in compliance with our Privacy Notice.
By continuing to browse the Web Site after the notification banner or message appears on the Web Site, and any subsequent times thereafter, you are expressly agreeing to this Cookie Policy and our use of cookies and tracking technologies for the purposes described in this Cookie Policy. See the “Managing Cookies & Opting Out” section below to manage your cookie preferences.
What Are Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
Cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers sent by a website to your computer or mobile device, where it is stored by your browser if you agree to allow it. Cookies contain information that enables a website to recognize you when you open, close, and act within each session on that website. Cookies may be sent by the website that you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by another organization that provides services to that website, such as an advertising network or analytics company (“third-party cookies”).
Web Beacons
Web beacons are small elements of a website, email, or other electronic media that collect certain device and network access information when they are accessed. We may use web beacons to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited a web page, or to understand usage patterns or other third-party functionality. We also may include web beacons in emails to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded, and to help us or our third-party service providers better analyze and improve our services and target advertising based on your browsing behavior and interests.
Other Technologies
From time to time, we may use other technologies or techniques, such as cross-device tracking, to provide better service to you. “Cross-device tracking” associates multiple devices with the same consumer and links a consumer’s activity across his or her devices (e.g., smartphones, tablets, personal computers, and other connected devices).
Our Use of Cookies
The cookies used on the Web Site are categorized as follows:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Web Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of the Web Site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or for remembering what sites you have visited on the Internet. We may use “strictly necessary” cookies to:
Make sure you connect to the right service on the Web Site when we make any changes to the way the Web Site works;
Identify you as being logged in to the Web Site; and
Remember information you have entered when you navigate to different pages on the Web Site during a browser session.
If you block these cookies, there is no guarantee that you can use the Web Site or that the security on the Web Site will perform as intended during your visit.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These are cookies that allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Web Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Web Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. We may use “analytical/performance” cookies for:
Web analytics: To provide statistics on how the Web Site is used;
Error management: To help us improve and maintain the Web Site by measuring any errors that occur;
Affiliate tracking: To provide feedback, including but not limited to details of any products or services purchased, to partners about our visitors who also visited their website; and
Testing designs: To test different designs of the Web Site.
Some of these cookies may be managed by third parties and you should refer to the third parties’ own website privacy notifications and policies for further information.
Functionality Cookies
These are used to recognize you when you return to the Web Site. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (e.g., your choice of language or region). We may use “functionality” cookies to:
Remember settings you have selected, such as layout, text size, preferences and colors; and
Show when you are logged into the Web Site.
If you block these cookies there is no guarantee that you can use the Web Site or that the security on the Web Site will perform as intended during your visit. Some of these cookies may be managed by third parties, and you should refer to the third parties’ own website privacy notifications and policies for further information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies record your visit to the Web Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Web Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We also may share this information with third parties for this purpose. We and our third-party service providers use “targeting” cookies to:
Link to social networks, like Facebook, that may subsequently use information about your visit to the Web Site in order to provide advertising or other offers that may be of interest to you when you visit other websites; and
Provide third parties with information on your visit so that they can present you with advertisements or other offers that may be of interest to you.
Managing Cookies and Opting Out
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can choose to decline cookies using the methods described below. You also can disable the ability of web beacons to store cookie information by declining cookies.
Opting Out of Advertising Cookies
There are three (3) main associations that represent the advertising networks allowed on the Web Site. You can visit these associations’ websites to opt out of all cookies served by their members (see below). These independent websites are not sponsored by or affiliated with AmerisourceBergen.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
www.aboutads.info/choices/
European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDDA)
www.youronlinechoices.com
When opting out, a cookie will be set to let advertisers know not to use your data for targeted advertising purposes. You will still see advertisements but they will not be tailored to your interests.
Managing Cookies on Your Device
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to use all of the features and functionality of the Web Site. In the following list you will find a summary of links that provide detailed information on the deactivation of cookies in commonly used browsers:
Cookie settings in Chrome™
Cookie settings in Firefox®
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer®
Cookie settings in Safari®
Except for strictly necessary cookies (which have a longer expiration date and, in some cases, do not expire), all cookies will expire at various times.
Privacy
AmerisourceBergen is committed to using cookies and tracking technologies fairly and in accordance with applicable privacy rights and its Privacy Statement, which includes, without limitation, the transferring of any data to AmerisourceBergen affiliates or subsidiaries located in different countries. View the AmerisourceBergen Privacy Statement.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please contact AmerisourceBergen directly as follows:
AmerisourceBergen Corporation
Corporate Headquarters
227 Washington Street
Conshohocken, PA 19428
Phone: 1-800-829-3132
E-mail: info@amerisourcebergen.com
Modifications and Updates to Privacy Statement
This Cookie Policy becomes effective on January 1, 2020. AmerisourceBergen may update and modify this Cookie Policy at any time and from time to time, and such updates and modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated/modified Cookie Policy. You agree to review this Cookie Policy periodically to be aware of such updates and modifications and your continued access or use of the Web Site after any updates and modifications will be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the updated/modified Cookie Policy.
© Copyright AmerisourceBergen Corporation – January 2020