http://www.rotechlabs.co.uk/privacy-policy
Call us on +44 (0)121 514 0602
Join the Team
Case Studies
News
Faqs
Why Rotech?
What can you test?
What is materials testing?
How does the process work?
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rotech Laboratories Limited is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
You do not need to give us any personal information to use most of this site. However, if you would like to benefit from certain special services, you will need to provide us with some information. It is important to Rotech that you are reassured that the information which you provide to us is used fairly and held securely. This notice explains our online information practices and the way your information is used on this site.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you- such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address etc unless you choose to submit your details in one of the following areas of the site or email us directly:
• Request a call back
• Career Opportunities
• Submit Your CV
• Online Recruitment Forms
• Enquiry Forms
• Register with Rotech
• Online ordering/support
We do automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our site, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using and the domain name of your internet service provider.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
• Marketing Rotech products and services
• Market research and statistical analysis
• Administrating customer orders
• Assessing your application for sponsorship/employment
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
We will use our reasonable efforts to maintain the security of your information.
By using our site, you consent to our storage and use of your information for the purposes set out above.
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy policy for Rotech or its implementation, you may contact us on +44 (0) 121 505 4050.  If at any time you decide that we should no longer hold any of your personal data, or wish to change the use to which any such data can be put, please let us know by writing to us:
Rotech Laboratories Ltd
Moxley Industrial Centre
Western Way
Wednesbury
West Midlands
WS10 7BG
We reserve the right to revise this policy or any part of it from time to time. Please review the policy periodically for changes.
Get in touch
Let us know if we can help, you can get in touch using the form and we'll call you back.
Name
*
Company Name
*
Your Position Title
*
Phone Number
Email Address
*
Service of Interest
*
Mechanical TestingChemical AnalysisMetallographyProduct TestingFinish TestingCorrosion TestingDevelopment ProjectsOther
Enquiry/other
Email
Please help us filter out unwanted spam by
not
filling in the above email address.
I would like to be kept up to date with the latest from Rotech
Send
*
Required
Enquire Now
Download Resource
Please complete the form below to download our brochures and resources