http://www.prevost.eu/privacy-policy.html
Navigation
Products
Connection
Quick couplings and adaptors for compressed air
Breathing air couplings
Quick couplings for cooling circuits
Couplings and plugs for fluids
Couplings and plugs for water systems
Quick-release claws
ISOFLAM
Hydraulics
Push-in fittings
Brass couplings
Fittings
Valves
Oil extractor silencers, exhaust silencers
Sealing products
Distribution
Compressed air pipe and fitting
Hose reels
Hoses and hose extension
Set hose extension
Spiral hose extension
Clamps
Accessories
Work stations
Blow guns
Tyre inflators
Compressed air tools
Paintwork
Wash guns for water systems
Pneumatic grease and oil pumps
Compressed air treatment units
ALTO filtration
Submicron filters
Evacuation of condensates
Air dryers
Self-service range
Connection
Distribution
Treatment
Markets
Automotive industry
Bodywork/paint
Garage and quick service workshops
Industry
Thermoplastics
Textiles
Wood industry
Food processing
Abattoirs and meat-cutting
Automotive manufacture
Services
Ringmain drawing
Product training
Demo Van UK
PPS app : Draw your piping system
Contact us
PREVOST
Company overview
Company history
Recruitment
News
Find us
Contact us
Documentation
FR
EN
US
DE
ES
IT
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
UPDATED on : 29/08/2018
Prevost takes your personal data privacy seriously. Please read on to find out more about Prevost’s privacy policy.
Prevost’s privacy policy is intended to provide information about how Prevost processes the personal data that is collected as you browse the prevost.eu websites.
Personal data
The term “personal data” refers to any information that is not otherwise publicly available and that can be used to identify you directly or indirectly, such as your name, address, email address or telephone number.
Data collection and use
Prevost collects personal data when you complete the contact forms on the prevost.eu websites. When you register, you will be asked for information such as your name, email address, the name and address of your company, and your business telephone number.
Prevost also automatically receives information from your computer and browser, including your IP address, which pages you visit, the length of time you spend on the site, and any documents you download. All personal data is collected, stored, and used by Prevost to enable us to process your contact and/or registration request (whether or not you have opened a user account; which access rights have been granted), and provide you with the latest information on Prevost products and services (newsletters on new products, trade fairs, etc.).
Data sharing and disclosure
Prevost will never rent, sell, disclose or share your personal data to or with other persons or companies outside the Prevost Group, except to comply with legal obligations imposed on Prevost (for example, responding to a judicial order), to exercise its rights, or to defend itself against legal actions.
Some companies within the Prevost Group are located outside the European Union, in countries that do not have personal data protection legislation equivalent to that applying in the European Union. The Prevost Group has implemented the necessary safeguards to supervise such transfers to a third country. Information on the safeguards implemented for this purpose is available upon request by contacting .
Data storage period
Your personal data will be held by Prevost for the time necessary to fulfil the purposes identified.
Your rights
In accordance with the French Data Protection Act 78-17 of 6 January 1978, as amended, and European Regulation No. 2016/679 on data protection, you have the right to access, rectify and erase your personal data, and the right to the portability of your personal data. You also have a right to restrict the processing that concerns you or to object to processing. You have the right not to be the subject of an individual decision that is based solely on automated processing, such as profiling. You may withdraw your consent to the processing of your data at any time.
To exercise your rights, you may send a letter specifying your request to Prevost SAS, Executive Secretary –Data Privacy, 15 Rue du pré Faucon – Annecy-le-Vieux - CS 90208, 74942 Annecy Cedex, France or email at , accompanied by a photocopy of proof of identity.
In the event of a complaint, you may refer the matter to the supervisory authority responsible for the protection of personal data.
Security and confidentiality
Prevost is committed to protecting your personal data and maintaining its quality, integrity and confidentiality. Prevost therefore allows access to your personal data solely to employees who need to consult it as part of their mission. These employees are subject to confidentiality agreements concerning processed personal data, and are aware of the risks and obligations related to processing personal data. Prevost has also implemented physical, electronic and administrative safeguards that comply with the legal requirements in place to protect your personal data.
Cookies
This website uses a web analytics service using “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on third-party servers especially in France and/or in the United States with the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for the website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Our statistics provider may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information. Our web statistics service will not associate your IP address with any other data stored. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by our website statistics provider in the manner and for the purposes set out above. If you refuse the use of cookies, you can still visit the website, but certain functions may not operate correctly.
Personalize
Changes to the Personal Data Privacy Policy
PREVOST reserves the right to amend its policy on personal data. In the event of an amendment, a notification regarding the new privacy policy will appear when you open the prevost.eu website.
Questions, complaints and suggestions
Should you have any questions or suggestions regarding Prevost’s privacy policy, please contact us at the following postal address:
Prevost SAS, Executive Secretary - Data Privacy, 15 Rue du pré Faucon - Annecy-le-Vieux, CS 90208, 74940 Annecy, France, or by email at .
Prevost, the French leader for quick safety couplings, has become the reference partner for industries using pneumatic and hydraulic power. Capitalising on 40 years of experience, we are able to offer tailored and effective products and services.
Find out more about Prevost Contact us
Direct access
Quick couplings and adaptors for compressed air
Hose reels for compressed air, water...
Compressed-air blowguns
Compressed air tools
Compressed air pipe and fitting
Hoses and extension hoses
Recruitment
News
Contact details
Terms
Privacy Policy
Cookies
All rights reserved PREVOST 2017 - 2020 ©