http://www.kingpins.net/privacy.asp
Toggle navigation
Kingpins.net
Home
Features
Testimonials
Products
Store
Quote Me
Contact
KingPins.net Privacy Policy
KingPins.net Privacy Policy
What our customers say
Thank you, they look wonderful!
We are glad you could do such a nice job!
Marie
(MG 10/1/2007)
We are very pleased with the NJDA lapel pins. Great job!!!
Diane & Sandra
(DB 4/25/2007)
The coins were a big hit! I was very pleased with the detail on the coin (the pictures) they were clear and and sharp.
Great job.
Thanks for asking.
(JJ 3/11/2008)
×Close
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
If you are in any way dissatisfied with the quality, condition or workmanship of your order, you can return it to us for a full refund.
It's hard to believe that anyone would offer a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee on custom made products. We have a tough time finding any supplier of custom products that offers such a complete guarantee on custom products that if returned within 30 days of receipt, must be thrown away! No re-stocking charges. No inventory entries. No fine print - no fancy wording - just the best service you can ask for.
But that's what Kingpins has always been about: Customer Satisfaction! That's why the Better Business Bureau has awarded us the Honor Roll Member Status for 2006! What better way to show that we stand behind our guarantee?
All Kingpins products are 100% Guaranteed. Your order will be received on time, and meet your expectations - we guarantee it!
Awarded every year since 2008, the BBB A+ rating.
Close
×Close
Copyright and Design Confidentiality
Without question, your design, copyright and trademark are protected.
You've worked hard on creating your design. You don't want to see it copied and freely distributed. At no time can any of our customers use someone else's design without express written permission. Your design is for your exclusive use.
We only do orders for people who are authorized to use a design or trademark. We require Proof of Authorization in using any registered Logos or Trademarks.
Close
×Close
About Us
Over 49 years of servicing customer like you.
KingPins.net, a Swyrich Corporation Internet property providing service to American customers, began over 49 years ago as a designer and supplier of Coats of Arms and Logos for corporations and organizations.
We have a long, illustrious list of patrons,from large companies and groups to small ones. Today, we proudly continue our heritage of quality, best value and time honored customer satisfaction that is second to none.
From a pencil sketch to the latest computer image, we have the technology and people skills to understand what you need and to work within your timetable.
Our art department is simply the best the industry can offer. In today's computer graphics industry few are recognized as providers of continual quality. Over the years, we have proudly supplied clipart to companies like Corel, Nova and others.
Regardless of your product of interest, our many years of experience will ensure that your design ideas reach their full potential.
Close
×Close
FREE Shipping
UPS is our preferred carrier allowing online tracking from our doorstep to yours
We are proud of our custom products and you must receive them the fastest, safest method. That's why we choose UPS to ship to wherever you are in continental USA. You choose the location, we make all the arrangements. UPS provides the ultimate in customer convenience, enabling people to do business with UPS 24 hours a day, from virtually anywhere in the world.
Kingpins, a Swyrich Corporation internet property has a long history of customer satisfaction and service. Swyrich, a pioneer and innovator of the UPS Quantum View® service, was approached by UPS to launch the new software tool.
Environmentally friendly loose bio-fill foam and boxes made of recycled material are used for shipping products whereever possible.
UPS On Line Tracking
As soon as your package is scanned by one of our shippers, you receive an immediate email notification about your shipment. This email includes:
Full details about what product was shipped
Ship to location details
UPS tracking number
Link to the UPS tracking website so that you can track your shipment 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Shipments outside Continental US
As Shipment costs can vary according to which country, we will gladly provide various shipping options including applicable prices and estimated delivery times for these locations.
Close
×Close
Artwork
Our art department is simply the best the industry can offer.
In today's computer graphics industry few are recognized as providers of continual quality. Over the years, we have proudly supplied clipart to companies like Corel, Nova and others.
This Guide should answer most of your questions about artwork. If you can’t find the answer here, please contact us so that we may answer your question personally. From a pencil sketch to the latest computer image, we have the technology and people skills to understand what you need and to work within your timetable.
Preferred Method (images sent by email)
Vector Images from CorelDraw!, Adobe Illustrator, PNG, EPS, WMF (please save text as curves)
Bitmaps: JPG, GIF, TIFF, PNG, BMP (make sure these are at least 400% of the expected size)
PDFs: Please give details of the original type of artwork (vector or bitmap) and preferably the original image type
Artwork should be in black and white if the design is to be spot color filled. Include a legend noting the appropriate color fills
If the image is a color separation, it should be a complete design, preferably with no editing required in any of the above bitmap file formats
Other Methods
Faxed artwork can be sent to 613.384.0606 to the attention of Nicole Halladay. Designs should be as clear as possible and as large as possible on the fax page
Very large images can be downloaded from your company's ftp web site (please provide details)
Artwork can be mailed to us. Our contact us page gives you all the details.
Close
×Close
Tips for Best Designs
Our art department is simply the best the industry can offer.
We recommend that you take a moment to create your own sample product in the size you require. It's usually quite simple to print a paper example of your rough design from a home or business computer. From this sample you'll discover:
taking a step back from the sample, you'll see what feature of the design shows the strongest. If there is text, can you read it?
Is the sample clearly conveying the message you want?
Bolder designs are often better and stand out from a distance.
Sans serif fonts (like Arial, Helvetica, Verdana and Comic Sans MS are better that serif fonts like Times New Roman and Courier).
Nicole Halladay is here to help in the design. Call Nicole @ 888.278.1668 for more tips now!
We create beautiful lapel pins, coins, chains of office, medals and medallions from just about any artwork. Even if all you have is an idea, our art department can create a design for your organization. All artwork will receive your signed approval before we go to production, ensuring your total satisfaction with the design. By sending us the best artwork you have available, you will help us exceed your design objectives.
Close
×Close
Plating Choices
Kingpins offers a variety of plating choices including dual plating.
Close
×Close
×Close
Contact Us
Kingpins.net
633 Norris Crt, Units 1 & 2
Kingston, ON, K7P 2R9
P: 888.278.1668
Request a Callback
Quote Me
Email: nicole.halladay@kingpins.net
Kingpins Home |
Store |
Site Map |
About Us |
Guarantee |
Testimonials |
Privacy Policy |
Help
© 1997 - 2020 Swyrich Corporation (KingPins.net), All Rights Reserved 633 Norris Crt, Units 1 & 2, Kingston, ON, K7P 2R9
Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.