http://www.pharmiweb.com/legal/terms-and-conditions
Post a Job
Find a Job
Upload Content
Home
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions (“Terms”) governing your use of PharmiWeb.com website or other sites owned and managed by PharmiWeb 2002 Limited. By accessing the Site you accept these terms in their entirety and agree to be bound by them. If you do not accept these Terms, you should not proceed to use the Site
We may update these Terms from time to time. Any changes will be notified to you either via the email address provided by you on registration or via a suitable announcement on the Site. The Terms were last reviewed on [30-Jan-2019].
AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE
YOUR USE OF THE SITE
CONTENT
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
ADVERTISING AND SPONSORSHIP
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
OUR LIABILITY
CAREERS SECTION
CORPORATE USERS
PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL USE
GENERAL
1 AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE
Although we aim to provide you with access to our Site at all times, we make no promise that our Site will meet your requirements or is fault free. We may also temporarily suspend the whole or any part of the Site to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new content or facilities.
You must bear the risks associated with your use of the Internet and any incompatibility of our Site with any of your software or equipment.
2 YOUR USE OF THE SITE
Your use of the Site is subject to you complying with any policies and/or disclaimers posted on the Site from time to time and accessible by you.
You may not use the Site for any of the following purposes:
transmitting any unlawful, threatening, objectionable, abusive, discriminatory, defamatory or indecent material or material which is deliberately intended to upset other users;
transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any applicable laws, regulations or code of practice;
gathering personal information about other users for uses such as marketing, sale or promotion of goods or services, market research or any other type of research;
spreading viruses or any other components with harmful or contaminating effects;
interfering with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Site;
making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner;
directly or indirectly impersonating any person; or
uploading and storing inaccurate biographical information about you.
You will be responsible for our losses and costs resulting from your breach of this section 2.
We also reserve the right to suspend your use of the Site immediately and without notifying you if we reasonably believe that you are using the Site in any manner that is inappropriate or otherwise in breach of these Terms.
3 CONTENT
Because we obtain the content provided on our Site from a number of sources including third parties, we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee that the information, content or software contained on, distributed through, or linked, downloaded or accessed from the Site (together the “Materials”) are accurate, complete, up to date or reliable. All information provided is of a general nature and is not intended to address a specific question or problem.
You should not rely on or use any content without using your own judgement, or if you are not a professional, without seeking appropriate professional advice. Any reliance you place upon any Materials will be at your sole risk and it is solely your responsibility to ensure that the Materials meet your requirements.
The views expressed by third parties placing Materials on the Site are not necessarily representative of our views.
4 LINKS TO OTHER SITES
As a convenience to you, the Site includes links to other Internet sites which are beyond our control. We are not responsible for content on any site outside the Site. We are also not responsible for any transaction concerning goods or services available either through Materials from third parties on the Site or links to other Internet sites from the Site. If you use such links, your use of other Internet sites is subject to the applicable terms and conditions of those sites.
We encourage you to exercise discretion while browsing the Internet from the Site. You may be directed to sites containing information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate.
5 ADVERTISING AND SPONSORSHIP
Part of the Site may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Site complies with relevant laws and codes. We will not be responsible for any error or inaccuracy in advertising and sponsorship material.
6 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The content on our Site is protected by copyright, trade marks, database and other intellectual property rights. You may retrieve and display the content of the Site on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on our Site without our written permission.
7 OUR LIABILITY
If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the Materials, we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can. Similarly if we are informed of a problem with access to or the availability of the Site, we will attempt to correct the problem as soon as we reasonably can.
However, because the Site is provided "as is" and "as available" free of charge to you, where we breach these Terms or are negligent in providing the Site, we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage (whether you suffer it as a direct result of using the Site or not). To the extent we are allowed to under applicable laws, we exclude all promises about how we provide the Site, including whether it is of satisfactory quality and or is fit for a particular purpose. Our liability is not limited in the case of death or personal injury caused by our negligence.
If you are a consumer your statutory rights are not affected.
8 CORPORATE USERS
If you are a corporate user you should also ensure you have read and understood any terms and conditions which are stated to be relevant to your use of the Site and any services provided through the Site at the time you register with us or during your use of the Site.
9 PERSONAL DATA
By using our Site you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal data as set out in our Privacy Policy.
You warrant and undertake that you are entitled to lawfully transfer the relevant personal data to us so that we may lawfully use and process the relevant personal data.
You shall comply with all duties, obligations, and restrictions imposed on you by the General Data Protection Regulation in respect of the transfer of personal data to us.
10 INTERNATIONAL USE
We make no promise that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United Kingdom, and accessing the Site from territories where its contents are illegal or unlawful is prohibited. If you choose to access this Site from locations outside the United Kingdom, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to any disputes arising out of or in connection with them.
11 GENERAL
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. If you breach these Terms and we ignore this, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breach these Terms.
We shall not be responsible for any breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
It is not intended that a person who is not a party to these Terms shall have the right to enforce any term of these Terms under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
This Site is owned and operated by PharmiWeb 2002 Limited, a company registered in England whose registered office is at One Station Square, Bracknell, Berkshire, RG12 1QB. PharmiWeb 2002 Ltd company registration number is 12000217 and VAT number is GB 327185301 .
If you have any queries please contact corporate@pharmiweb.com or help@pharmiweb.com
You are leaving PharmiWeb.com
Disclaimer: You are now leaving PharmiWeb.com website and are going to a website that is not operated by us. We are not responsible for the content or availability of linked sites.
ABOUT THIRD PARTY LINKS ON OUR SITE
PharmiWeb.com offers links to other third party websites that may be of interest to our website visitors. The links provided in our website are provided solely for your convenience and may assist you in locating other useful information on the Internet. When you click on these links you will leave the PharmiWeb.com website and will be redirected to another site. These sites are not under the control of PharmiWeb.com.
PharmiWeb.com is not responsible for the content of linked third party websites. We are not an agent for these third parties nor do we endorse or guarantee their products. We make no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy of the information contained in the linked sites. We suggest that you always verify the information obtained from linked websites before acting upon this information.
Also, please be aware that the security and privacy policies on these sites may be different than PharmiWeb.com policies, so please read third party privacy and security policies closely.
If you have any questions or concerns about the products and services offered on linked third party websites, please contact the third party directly.
Continue
No, thanks
Home
Partners
Company Directory
Events
Conference
Training
Webinar
Other
Articles
PwToday Stories
Press Releases
Find a Job
Post a Job
About Us
Upload Content
Legal
Advertising Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
;