http://www.eandpnet.com/privacy-policy
Energy Innovators
Forty Under 40
Meritorious Awards for Engineering Innovation (MEAs)
Shale Technology Showcase
Veterans in Energy
Women In Energy
Publications
Magazines
Oil and Gas Investor
A comprehensive source for coverage of the financial landscape of the oil and gas industry.
E&P Plus
The latest technologies, technical solutions and strategies in Exploration, Drilling, Production and more.
Midstream Business
Connecting upstream production to the downstream sector and putting midstream in the center of it all.
Other Publications
Special Reports
Playbooks, Techbooks and Yearbooks
A&D Watch Weekly
Midstream & Transport Monitor
Subsea Engineering News
White Papers
Video
Events
Newsletters
Search our site
Account
Sign In
Subscribe
Sign In
|
Subscribe
Markets
Business
Technology
Exploration & Production
Transactions
Policy & Regulation
Midstream
Shale
Renewables
Conferences
Databases
Publications
Videos
More
Conferences
Databases
Publications
Video
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.hartenergy.com/corporate/terms-and-conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.hartenergy.com
1616 S. Voss Road, Suite 1000
Houston, 77057
USA
713-260-6400
Topics
Markets
Business
Technology
Exploration & Production
Transactions
Policy & Regulations
Midstream
Shale Plays
Renewables
Databases
Drilling Activity
Transactions
New Financings
Who's Who
Markets Data
Publications
Oil and Gas Investor
E&P Magazine
Midstream Business
Playbooks
Special Reports
Newsletter Archive
White Papers
More
Video
Events
IndustryVoice®
Hart Energy Conferences
Rextag
Stratas Advisors
Hart Energy Store
Shop
Best Sellers
Directories
Maps
Reports
Data & GIS
Books & Supplements
Package Deals
Get Hart Energy
Subscribe now for unlimited access
Email Newsletters
Group Subscriptions
Mobile Applications
About
Contact
Careers
Advertise
Press
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
© 2020 Hart Energy. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium without express written permission is prohibited.