http://www.foamex.com.au/terms
Update from Foamex regarding COVID-19
Change State
New South Wales
Victoria
Queensland
South Australia
You are viewing Foamex NSW
02 9773 1655
Home
Products
Diamond Pod™ Void Formers
Expol™ Underfloor Insulation
Styroboard™ Expanded Polystyrene Sheets
PurlinK™ Roof Spacers
Expanded Polystyrene Blocks
Expanded Polystyrene Cut Shapes
Styroboard™ Extruded Polystyrene Sheets
Applications
Building
Protective Packaging
Theatre and Props
Signwriting
Sustainability
Energy in Manufacture
Technical
Technical Downloads
What is Expanded Polystyrene
Contact
About Us
About Expanded Polystyrene
News
Terms and Conditions
In these terms and conditions, "we" "us" and "our" refers to Foamex. Your access to and use of all content on this website is provided subject to the following terms and conditions.
We reserve the right to amend this notice at any time and your use of the website following any amendments will represent your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions as amended. We therefore recommend that each time you access our website you read these terms and conditions.
Members
1. In order to access the services provided on this website, you must become a member. You must complete registration by providing certain information as set out on our membership/registration page. Please refer to our Privacy Policy linked on our home page for information relating to our collection, storage and use of the details you provide on registration.2. You agree to ensure that your registration details are true and accurate at all times and you undertake to update your registration details from time to time when they change.3. On registration, we provide you with a password. On registration you agree to pay for our services as set out on our website. 4. We reserve the right to terminate your membership at any time if you breach these terms and conditions.
Our Website Services
5. Our services are provided to adults over the age of eighteen (18) years. By proceeding to purchase through our website, you acknowledge that you are over 18 years of age. 6. All prices are in Australian Dollars (AUD) and are inclusive of GST. We endeavour to ensure that our price list is current. Our price list can be accessed from our home page and we reserve the right to amend our prices at any time. If you have placed an order, we undertake to fulfil your order at the price listed at the time you ordered.
Site Access
7. When you visit our website, we give you a limited licence to access and use our information for personal use.
8. You are permitted to download a copy of the information on this website to your computer for your personal use only provided that you do not delete or change any copyright symbol, trade mark or other proprietary notice. Your use of our content in any other way infringes our intellectual property rights.
9. Except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth), you are not permitted to copy, reproduce, republish, distribute or display any of the information on this website without our prior written permission.
10. The licence to access and use the information on our website does not include the right to use any data mining robots or other extraction tools. The licence also does not permit you to metatag or mirror our website without our prior written permission. We reserve the right to serve you with notice if we become aware of your metatagging or mirroring of our website.
Hyperlinks
11. This website may from time to time contain hyperlinks to other websites. Such links are provided for convenience only and we take no responsibility for the content and maintenance of or privacy compliance by any linked website. Any hyperlink on our website to another website does not imply our endorsement, support, or sponsorship of the operator of that website nor of the information and/or products which they provide.
12. Linking our website is not permitted. We reserve the right to serve you with notice if we become aware of such linking.
Intellectual Property Rights
13. The copyright to all content on this website including applets, graphics, images, layouts and text belongs to us or we have a licence to use those materials.
14. All trade marks, brands and logos generally identified either with the symbols TM or ® which are used on this website are either owned by us or we have a licence to use them. Your access to our website does not license you to use those marks in any commercial way without our prior written permission.
Disclaimers
15. The information we provide on this website is of a general nature only. We are not providing professional advice and you should obtain professional or specialist advice that is appropriate to your circumstances and we give no warranty and accept no liability should you use the information without obtaining independent advice.
16. We give no warranty that the information is free from error or omission and you should use your own care and skill when accessing and using it.
17. To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is excluded.
18. We take all due care in ensuring that our website is free of any virus, worm, Trojan horse and/or malware, however we are not responsible for any damage to your computer system which arises in connection with your use of our website or any linked website.
Limitation of Liability
19. To the full extent permitted by law, our liability for breach of an implied warranty or condition will not be greater than the amount you paid to access our website.
Indemnity
20. By accessing our website, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all claims, actions, damages, costs and expenses including legal fees arising from or in connection with your use of our website.
Jurisdiction
21. These terms and conditions are to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of NSW and any claim made by either party against the other which in any way arises out of these terms and conditions will be heard in NSW and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of those Courts.
22. If any provision in these terms and conditions is invalid under any law the provision will be limited, narrowed, construed or altered as necessary to render it valid but only to the extent necessary to achieve such validity. If necessary the invalid provision will be deleted from these terms and conditions and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Privacy
23. We undertake to take all due care with any information including Comments which you may provide to us when accessing our website. However we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you may provide to us. Information you transmit to us is entirely at your own risk although we undertake to take reasonable steps to preserve such information in a secure manner.
24. Our compliance with privacy legislation is set out in our separate Privacy Policy which may be accessed from our home page.
07 October 2020
Construction industry favours Australian made EPS solutions
Foamex recently won a $1.4 million contract to sup...
22 July 2020
Why underfloor insulation is key to draught proofing a home
It’s time to rethink how we insulate our homes aga...
10 June 2020
Foamex's EPE sheets used for Melbourne White Night Festival
Melbourne-based artist Joe Blanck is a huge fan of...
Click here to download a product brochure
Privacy | Terms | Latest News | Links | Copyright Foamex 2012 | Icon Visual Marketing
View our other Foamex pages for state-specific products and information:
South Australia |
New South Wales |
Victoria |
Queensland
Foamex manufactures expanded polystyrene (EPS) and extruded polystyrene (XPS) products for a broad range of applications such as building construction and including foam wall insulation and architectural profiles, road construction, protective packaging, cold storage and refrigeration, sign writing, displays, and decorative fixtures.