http://www.lindgren-pitman.com/pages/privacy-return-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
(954) 943-4243
sales@lindgren-pitman.com
About
Dealers
Resources
Contact Us
Privacy & Return Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the www.lindgren-pitman.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name Address Phone Number (etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your account with your user name and password.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (954) 943-4243 or send us an email at sales@lindgren-pitman.com.
Lindgren-Pitman, Inc.2615 N.E. 5th AvenuePompano Beach, FL 33064 U.S.A. Tel: (954)943-4243 Fax: (954)943-7877
RETURN POLICY
We strive to please our customers. If you are not satisfied with a product that you have purchased from Lindgren-Pitman, simply return it to us within two weeks of our ship date in its original packaging.
Electronics are exempt from return unless there is a defect. All returns must have an authorization code, so please call in all returns before shipping back to Lindgren-Pitman. Unpacked items may not be used before return.
While a credit or refund will be given for the value of the returned product, we do not reimburse you for shipping and handling. Return shipping is the responsibility of the recipient and not Lindgren-Pitman.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh