https://www.azden.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Privacy and Cookies Policies
By continuing to use this website, you implicitly agree to the terms and conditions defined below, as well as our Privacy Policy accessible at azden.com/privacy-policy and Cookie Policy accessible at azden.com/cookie-policy. To withdraw your consent to our privacy policy entirely it is recommended that you discontinue usage of this website. To adjust your cookie preferences, click [cookie_settings] . If you wish to continue use of this website but opt-out of all cookies, including both necessary and non-necessary cookies, you should disable cookies inside your browser’s settings. Be aware that when disabling cookies, this website, especially the e-commerce portion, may not function properly.
Returns & Refunds
Items purchased on this website may be returned for a refund within 30 days of purchase. Once past 30 days, returns may be subject to a 15% restocking fee or may be disallowed completely. Shipping costs are never eligible for refunds. The cost of shipping items back to Azden is the responsibility of the customer. Refunds are processed within 3 business of receipt of the returned product, but may take up to 5 additional business days to show up on the customer’s bank statement. Our returns and refunds policy is covered in more detail at azden.com/returns. Please be sure to review the full returns policy.
Keep in mind that Azden products have a least a two-year limited warranty, and problems resulting from manufacturer defect after 30 days may be serviced under Azden’s warranty policy.  Please review the full terms of Azden’s product warranties at azden.com/warranty.
Order Received Damaged / Items Missing
While exceedingly rare, these things can happen. If your order was received damaged, or items are missing from your order, you are required to notify Azden within 3 business days. In some cases you may be asked to hold on to the original packaging or respond to further inquiry from the shipping carrier for purposes of the shipping carrier’s claims process. Azden will not be responsible for the shipping carrier’s inability to conduct a claims investigation if a customer has discarded the original shipment packaging.
Shipment Tracking Says “Delivered” But Package Is Missing
While exceedingly rare, this can happen but is generally the result of one of two things: 1) The shipping carrier delivered to the wrong address or 2) The package was left by the carrier but stolen by someone before the customer was able to take possession of it. If this happens you are required to notify Azden within 3 business days of the erroneous delivery and we will do our best to help you locate your package. Failing to do so may make your order ineligible for a refund or replacement. Before a refund or replacement can be issued for a missing package, a shipping carrier claims investigation must first be completed. If theft is determined to have occurred, Azden will not be held responsible and the customer should contact local law enforcement. Whether or not to ultimately issue a refund or replacement will be determined by Azden on a case by case basis.
Domestic (U.S.) Shipping Policy
Domestic shipping covers all 50 United States, Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands. We strive to fulfill orders as quickly as possible. All orders are typically processed and shipped by the next business day. If at all possible, we will try to ship orders the same day. The cut-off time for same day shipping is generally 11:00 AM ET. All shipments originate from New Jersey. All delivery time estimates provided for shipments are exactly that, simply estimates, and are by no means guaranteed. Azden is not responsible for any damages incurred by the customer due to delayed delivery.
USPS First-Class Mail
This most economical shipping option is available for any orders weighing 13 oz or less. First-Class mail is generally delivered within 1-3 days of being shipped, however it may take longer in some cases. Saturday delivery is possible for residential addresses.
USPS Priority Mail
Priority Mail is generally delivered within 1-3 days of being shipped. Transit time and cost are determined by zip code. Saturday delivery is possible for residential addresses.
Free Shipping
Azden PRO Shop currently offers free shipping on most orders of $100 or more, and may offer it as a promotion in other cases, to addresses in the United States. Orders that qualify for free shipping may be sent via US Postal Service, UPS Ground, or FedEx Home Delivery at our discretion. The transit time for these shipping services range from 1-5 business days from the time of shipment. Certain products, which are excessively heavy or bulky, do not qualify for free shipping and will incur a charge. Any shipping charges incurred will be shown on the check out page before payment is required.
Expedited Shipping
Currently, Azden is not able to offer price calculations for expedited shipping methods such as overnight and 2nd day air services. If you urgently need your order, please contact our office at 973-810-3070 or Contact Us for a shipping quote. Someone will be able to help you Monday – Friday, 8:30 am – 12:30 pm and 1:30 pm – 5:30 pm Eastern Time, excluding holidays.
International Shipping Policy
Shipping options from Azden to locations outside the United States are limited to Canada. Available services are as follows.
USPS First Class Mail – transit time varies based on destination, but may take longer than 2 weeks. Keep in mind when selecting this service that no tracking is available.
Priority Mail International – 6 – 10 business days from the time of shipment.
Priority Mail Express International – 3 – 5 business days from the time of shipment.
Duties and taxes incurred from customs are the responsibility of the customer. There is always the possibility that customs may delay the delivery of your shipment.
If you are interested in purchasing Azden products in Europe, South America, Mexico or Central America or Africa please see our list of worldwide dealers. If you are interested in purchasing Azden products in Asia or the Asia-Pacific region, please visit www.azden.co.jp for more information.
Incorrect Shipping Addresses
Azden will not be held liable for shipping charges as a result of non-delivery of shipments due to a customer’s error in providing us with their shipping address. In the event an order is returned to us as a result of incorrect address, and the error is not attributable to Azden, the customer will be held responsible for the cost of shipping if they wish to have the order shipped again. The customer has the right to refuse to pay for a second shipment, in which case Azden will issue a refund for the original purchase price of the product(s). The original shipping costs will not be refunded. If an order is lost in transit do to the customer’s error in providing us with their shipping address, Azden will not be held liable for the value of the item(s).
Discounts and Rebates
Occasionally, discounts are be made available to users who make purchases on this website. These discounts take one of two forms: 1) An “in-cart discount,” made available either by a website promotion or coupon code, where a monetary discount is applied to the product price or order total at the time of checkout, or 2) A “mail-in rebate,” which is essentially a discount that is applied some time after the purchase is completed in the form of either monetary reimbursement or a free accessory product. While it is possible that both an “in-cart discount” and “mail-in rebate” to be available for a given product, they are mutually exclusive. In other words: in-cart discounts offered on azden.com cannot be combined with mail-in rebate offers. Furthermore, mail-in rebate offers will not be valid for products already purchased at a discount on azden.com.
Stock Status
If a product is out of stock, it will be clearly marked as such on this website and be made unavailable for checkout. While Azden tries their best to maintain accurate stock status across this website, Azden makes no guarantees about product availability and will not be held liable for inaccuracies regarding product availability on Azden.com. If a product is not available at the time of a customer’s order, that customer will be entitled to a full refund, or if they prefer, may choose to wait for the product to be become available at a later date (see Back Orders below).
Back Orders
If an item is out of stock at the time of your order, we will email you to let you know. As a default, the items in stock at the time of your order will ship. Once the back ordered items become available, we will ship them to you at no extra cost. If you’d like to cancel a back ordered item or have us hold your entire order until all products are available, please contact us.
Limited Liability
Azden is not responsible for personal data or items left in returned merchandise. Azden is not responsible for any consequential or incidental damage resulting from the sale or use of any merchandise bought from us. We are responsible for the monetary value of the merchandise only.
0
Your Cart
×