https://www.oceanbeauty.com/privacy-policy/
About
Our Mission
Our History
Community & Sustainability
Food Safety
Logistics & Global Sourcing
Affiliations
Seafood Products
Commodity Seafood
Frozen Value Added Portions
Canned Salmon
Smoked Salmon
Locations
Alaska Processing
Distribution
Astoria Distribution
Boise Distribution
Dallas Distribution
Helena Distribution
Portland Distribution
Salt Lake Distribution
Seattle Distribution
Other Locations
Our Brands
Ocean Beauty Brand
Echo Falls
LASCCO
Blog
Jobs
Contact
Click Here to learn more about our commitment to operating under the new CDC and FDA COVID-19 guidelines for food manufacturers.
Click Here to learn more about our commitment to operating under the new CDC and FDA COVID-19 guidelines for food manufacturers.
Privacy Policy
This Statement of Privacy applies to this website, www.oceanbeauty.com, owned and operated by Ocean Beauty Seafoods LLC. This Statement of Privacy governs data collection and usage. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
This website may collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address, telephone number, etc. It also may collect and use demographic information, such as your zip code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. We will not share or sell any of your personal information collected on this site for any reason other than for our everyday business purposes such as security, analytics, operations, fraud detection and prevention, reporting, making back-ups and legal compliance. Such use may include Google Analytics and Google Display ad retargeting.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Place of processing: USA.
Find Google’s privacy policy here.
Google Analytics Advertising Features are implemented on this website. You can opt out of Google Analytics here.
Use of Cookies
This website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Changes to this Statement
Ocean Beauty Seafoods LLC may occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. We reserve the right to change this policy and should a change occur, we will post applicable changes within our policy on our site. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact us at info@oceanbeauty.com.
Ocean Beauty Seafoods
1100 W. Ewing StreetSeattle, WA 98119206-285-6800
Recent Posts
Ocean Beauty Seafoods and Icicle Seafoods Announce Merger
1,700 Pounds of Halibut Donated in Kodiak
OSU’s Seafood Quality Workshop
Copper River Salmon Opener is Days Away!
April is Seafood Sustainability Month