http://www.spanglercandy.com/privacy
Menu
Candy CanesAll Candy CanesBranded CanesTraditional CanesChewy CandyAll Chewy CandiesCaramel CandyChewy CandyCircus PeanutsHard CandyAll Hard Candy & MixesCandy MixesHard CandyLollipopsAll LollipopsDum Dums Color PartyDum DumsOriginal Mix Single FlavorsSaf-T-PopsMerchandiseAll MerchandiseHoodies & SweatshirtsOther MerchandiseSocksT-ShirtsMint CandyAll Mint CandyMint CandySoft Mints-PuffsSugar & Roll CandyAll Sugar & Roll CandyNecco WafersSmarties Candies
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Spangler Candy Privacy Policy
At Spangler Candy, we value the privacy of our customers and website users.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the ways in which we collect, use and share information that we collect from you.
References in this Privacy Policy to “you” or “your” means the individual user of any one of the Spangler Candy Websites, including spanglercandy.com, dumdumpops.com, saftpops.com,  savewraps.com, and subdomains of such sites (each, a “Site” and collectively, the “Sites”).  Where we refer to “us,” “our,” or “we” in this Privacy Policy, we mean Spangler Candy.
This Privacy Policy addresses the following topics:
Types of Information We Collect
How Information is Collected
How We Use Personal Information
How We Share and Transfer Information
Ownership of Content and Submissions
Links to Other Sites
Liability
Choice and Control
Children's Privacy Policy
How to Contact Us
Changes
European Union Data Rights
Trademark & Copyright
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect both “personal information,” such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and date of birth; and “browsing information,” including your internet protocol address (“IP address”), web history, country location, browser name, device type, internet service provider, and operating system type. To the extent you choose to purchase a product from us, we will also collect payment card information, billing address, and a delivery address.  If you register for an account, we collect and track previous order information.
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
The Sites collect browsing information from you while you access or browse the Site through the use of internet cookies and Google Analytics.
If you choose to enroll in a promotion or register for an account, we will request that you provide us with personal information, including your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and date of birth.  Anytime you purchase a product from the Site, we will require you to provide us with your payment card information, billing address, and a delivery address.  We will also offer you the opportunity to affirmatively consent (opt-in) to allow us to contact you by email about Spangler Candy products, promotions and other advertising materials, which you may opt-out of at any time.  When you contact us via telephone, email, fax or in person, we collect personal information from you to enable us to respond to your request and question.
Questionnaires and Surveys
In an ongoing effort to offer the best products and services to our customers, we will ask visitors to complete surveys about our products. If answers to surveys are posted on the web site, no personal information will be included with the post.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
The browsing information we collect is used to optimize and improve your user experience, monitor speed, and to troubleshoot and resolve problems with the Sites.  Browsing information is also aggregated to help us to identify the most popular content and features on our Site.  Additionally, the information is used to track the number of unique visitors to our Site, and to evaluate the most popular web browsers, operating systems, internet service providers.
Purchases
When you purchase a product from our Sites, we use the personal information we collect from you, including payment card number, billing address, and delivery address to process and fulfill your order.  We provide this personal information to our third party payment card processor to verify the financial transaction.  Personal information is also provided to our third party shipping providers for purposes of delivering your purchase to the desired address.  This information is processed on the basis that it is necessary for purposes of our performance under the sales contract with you.  We will ask you for your affirmative consent (opt-in) to use your personal information to send you marketing, promotional and other advertisements for Spangler, which you may opt-out of at any time by contacting us or clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of such communications.
Contests and Sweepstakes
From time-to-time our Sites will include promotions, which you are permitted to enter by providing us with certain information, including personal information.  This information will be used in accordance with the promotion’s rules and any terms and conditions.  We will also use this information to contact you if you win the contest or promotion.  To the extent any child located within the United States is permitted to enter into a promotion or contest, we will delete such child’s personal information from our database within a reasonable time after the promotion ends.
Communications with Spangler Candy
When you contact us with a question or request for information, we use your personal information to enable us to respond to your request or question.  If additional information is needed from you in connection with processing an order, request, or product inquiry made through our Sites, we will use your personal information to contact you to follow-up about the product, order, or purchase.   We will never knowingly send any email communication to a child (see Children's Privacy Policy below).
Promotional, Marketing and Advertising Communications
With your affirmative consent, we will contact you from time-to-time via U.S. mail or email with marketing, advertising or promotional materials.  You may withdraw your consent or opt-out of receiving such materials at any time.
Our Third Party Providers
As part of our business, we contract with third party service providers to administer promotions, analyze data, fulfill orders, process payment transactions, and provide customer service. These third party service providers have access your personal information. Each third party service provider is contractually prohibited from using personal information for any other purpose than as required to perform their contractual obligations to Spangle and each is required to maintain confidentiality of such personal information.  Order fulfillment services are performed by the Spangler Fulfillment Center, a subsidiary of Spangler Candy.
HOW WE SHARE AND TRANSFER INFORMATION
We do not sell personal information we collect on our Sites to third parties. We will disclose your personal information when it is necessary to prevent a crime or an injury; and we will disclose your personal information to third party service providers who provide us, by contract, support services, as described in the preceding paragraph.
OWNERSHIP OF CONTENT AND SUBMISSIONS
Please note that by posting or submitting any company or product ideas, suggestions, concepts, techniques, photos, or comments to the Sites or by other means to Spangler (each, a “Submission”), you hereby transfer and assign all rights, title, interest and ownership in each Submission to Spangler Candy.  As the sole owner of each Submission, Spangler Candy has the sole and exclusive right to modify, reproduce, disclose, transmit, publish, or post the Submission anywhere else. If posted for social media, we will not disclose the person’s full name or location.  We utilize web beacons on our Site, which are instruments that help us determine whether a page or email has been viewed. If you ask for information, we may use web beacons to determine if the page or email was opened.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
While accessing the Sites, you may be able to link to other third party websites, which are not owned, operated or controlled by Spangler Candy (each, an “Unaffiliated Site”). We do not and cannot control the information, content, statements, opinions, services, or offerings contained on an Unaffiliated Site. You are encouraged to consult each Unaffiliated Site’s privacy policy for information on how those organization’s handle your personal information that you have provided to them.
LIABILITY
Spangler Candy is not responsible for, and makes no representations, warranties, or endorsements about the content, information, opinions, statements, or services contained on the Sites or any hyperlink on the Sites that redirects you to any third party website. The Sites are presented “AS IS” and WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECUTAL PROPERTY.
Posting any material that could be considered unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, pornographic, profane, or that law enforcement could consider a criminal offense, to our Sites, is strictly forbidden and may result in legal action against you.
CHOICE AND CONTROL
You are not required to provide us with personal information to access or browse our Sites.  Depending upon your internet browser and settings, you may be able to reject cookies or to receive a notification providing you the option to accept or reject a cookie.  Please be aware that rejecting cookies on our Site will cause certain functions and features of the Sites to stop working.  To the extent you wish to engage in a specific activity, register for an account, contact us with questions or for more information, or enroll for promotional materials, it is entirely up to you as to whether you provide us the personal information.  Depending upon the feature, service, or function you choose to engage in, certain personal information may be required to participate.  If you do not wish to provide such required personal information, you will not be able to obtain or access the desired service, feature or function.
You may request an update to any personal information, change your preferences for promotional materials, and delete your personal information by emailing us at info@spanglercandy.com.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use, access, or browse the Sites and need to immediately cease all such activities.  By using the Sites you expressly acknowledge and accept this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY POLICY
United States
Visitors under 13 years of age should get the permission of their parents before providing any personally-identifiable information to anyone on the internet.
This Children’s Privacy Policy is applicable to children between the ages of 13 and 18 that are located within the United States.  Our conduct is governed by federal laws and regulations that address children's online privacy, as well as the guideline of the Childrens' Advertising Review Unit (CARU), a part of the Council of Better Business Bureaus. We do not collect personal information from kids under 13, except as permitted by federal regulations and CARU guidelines.
For sweepstakes or contests, we may permit a child to enter by submitting a first name and email address only, along with the name and email address of his/her parent. We notify the parent via email about the child's entry, and offer the parent the opportunity to withdraw the entry and remove the information from our database. If the parent permits the child's entry participation in the promotion, and the child wins, we contact the parent (not the child) for information needed for prize delivery. We do not use the child's personal information for any purpose other than completion of the promotion, and we do not share the information with third parties. We delete the child's personal information from our database within a reasonable time after the promotion ends. We will retain parent's personal information unless requested otherwise.
Under federal law, websites for children under 13 are prohibited from conditioning a child's participation or the child's disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to engage in a web site activity. We fully comply with this requirement. Upon proper identification, a parent can review personal information we have collected from their child. They may request the information be deleted, and/or refuse further collection or use of their child's information. If you wish to do this or have any other questions/concerns, please contact us.
The Sites are a place in cyberspace where fans of Spangler Candy can come to find out more about their favorite flavors, play games and have their opinions heard. DumDumPops.com believes in the power of kids and we urge both them and their parents to use and enjoy our web site. While we encourage the interactive nature of online media, we strive to educate parents and kids about how to appropriately safeguard their privacy when using the Web. Spangler Candy is committed to complying fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Our information collection practices are described above. We urge kids to check with their parents before entering information on any web site and we urge parents to discuss with their kids restrictions regarding the online release of personal information to anyone they don't know. We want the Spangler Candy Sites to be an informative & fun site to visit
European Union
Any child under 13 years of age or that is a “minor” as defined by applicable European Union law, rule, regulation, directive, or order, shall not provide any personal data or information to Spangler and is prohibited from registering for an account, entering any contest or promotion, contacting us for information, making any online purchase, or enrolling to receive any promotional materials from us.  Any parental guardian with legal responsibility over a child located within the European Union is encouraged to contact us at the address provided below if they have any reason to suspect their minor child has provided us with personal information so that we may promptly delete and destroy such personal data.
How to Contact Us:
Mail: Spangler Candy CompanyAttn:  Marketing400 N. Portland StreetP.O. Box 71Bryan, OH43506
Telephone:
1-888-636-4221 ask for Marketing8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday.Email: info@spanglercandy.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Spangler Candy reserves the right to modify, change, and amend this Privacy Policy.  Where there is a material change in the way we use information, we will provide notice on the main Site.  We further reserve the right to change, amend, modify, delete, or add any content, information, services, functions, and features contained on the Site, in our sole and absolutely discretion and without notice.
EUROPEAN UNION DATA RIGHTS
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)  is effective on May 25, 2018.  In accordance with the GDPR, controllers of certain personal information have a duty to provider users located with the European Union with specific information and disclosures concerning how Spangler Candy handles personal data and your data rights.
Identity of the Controller
Spangler CandyMail: Spangler Candy CompanyAttn:  Marketing400 N. Portland StreetP.O. Box 71Bryan, OH43506
Telephone: 1-888-636-4221 ask for MarketingHours: 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. Eastern Time, Monday through Friday.Email: info@spanglercandy.com
Purposes of the Processing
Your personal data is processed in accordance with this Privacy Statement.  To the extent you provide us with your personal data to enroll in a service or promotion contained on our Sites, you expressly consent to our processing and using your personal data to render the requested services or promotion to you.  If we collect personal data from you and indicate that such data is required for a given feature, function or service of the Sites, the basis for processing the personal data is either by your consent or contract.
Recipients of Categories of Personal Data
We provide personal data to our third party service providers in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Among such third party service providers are marketplace service providers, web and data storage providers, payment card processors, and marketing services providers.
Transfers
Personal Data provided to us resides is located in the United States.  If a transfer of your personal data is required to a third country or international organization, the transfer is pursuant to appropriate and suitable safeguards, including execution of the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission.
Retention Schedule for Personal Data
We maintain the personal data that you provide and we collect until you contact us to request deletion of such information.
Data Rights
EU data subjects have the following data rights:
A right to access to the personal data we have for such data subject;
A right to rectification of incorrect personal data;
A right to erasure of the personal data we have for such data subject;
A right to restriction of processing concerning such data subject;
A right to object to our processing of such personal data;
A right to data portability, that is, a copy of the data we have on such data subject;
A right to withdraw consent at any time to our processing of such data subject’s personal data; and
A right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You may exercise your data rights by contacting us, in writing, at the address indicated above.
TRADEMARK & COPYRIGHT
Our customers associate the quality of our products with our logos, brand names and characters. At Spangler Candy, we value the importance of these symbols and want to insure that when you see these symbols you are certain that they represent a product worthy of the Spangler Candy name. For this reason, we have certain restrictions governing the use of these symbols.
Spangler Candy, its logo designs, including "The Smiling Spangler" and "The Smiling S", all Spangler Candy brand names, and the Drum Man character and name are all trademarks of Spangler Candy and shall not be used by others for any purpose.
All Spangler Candy works, including text, images, audio, or video, are protected by copyright. Reproduction, modification, or distribution in any form, and/or any type of performance of any Spangler Candy work is strictly forbidden.
Last Updated: [12/03/2020]
© 2020 Spangler Candy Company