http://www.barrettcap.com/privacy.php
Privacy Statement
Barrett Capital Management, LLC, an independent Registered Investment Advisory firm, is committed to safeguarding the confidential information of its clients.
We hold all personal information provided to our firm in the strictest confidence.
These records include all personal information that we collect from you in connection with any of the services provided by Barrett Capital Management, LLC.
We will not disclose information to nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by law.
As you know, we use financial information that you provide to us to help you meet your personal financial goals while guarding against any real or perceived infringements of your rights of privacy.
Our policy with respect to personal information about you is listed below:
We limit employee and agent access to information only to those who have a business or professional reason for knowing, and only to nonaffiliated parties as permitted by law.
(For example, federal regulations permit us to share a limited amount of information about you with a brokerage firm in order to execute securities transactions on your behalf, or so that our firm can discuss our financial situation with your accountant or lawyer.)
We maintain a secure office and computer environment to ensure that your information is not placed at unreasonable risk.
The categories of nonpublic personal information that we collect from a client depend upon the scope of the client engagement.
It will include information about your personal finances, information about transactions between you and third parties, and information from consumer reporting agencies.
For unaffiliated third parties that require access to your personal information, including financial service companies, consultants, and auditors, we also require strict confidentiality in our agreements with them and expect them to keep this information private.
Federal and state regulators also may review firm records as permitted under law. Certain Federal and state laws (such as the USA Patriot Act) may require us at times to disclose certain parts of your personal information to government agencies.
We do not provide your personally identifiable information to mailing list vendors or solicitors for any purpose.
Personally identifiable information about you will be maintained during the time you are a client, and for the time thereafter that such records are required to be maintained by Federal and state securities laws.
It is not a policy of Barrett Capital Management, LLC to share nonpublic personal and financial information with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties except under the circumstances noted above.
Since sharing under the circumstances noted above is necessary to service customer accounts or is mandated by law, there are no allowances made for clients to opt out.