https://www.kappler.com/about/privacy
1-800-600-4019 Careers
Distributors
Home
About
The Kappler Difference
Where To Buy
Woman Owned Small Business
Our History
Made in the USA
Careers
Products
Choosing The Right Suit
ProVent
ProVent
ProVent BC
ProVent Plus
Lantex 100
DuraChem
DuraChem 200
DuraChem 500
Zytron
Zytron 100xp
Zytron 200
Zytron 300
Zytron 400
Zytron 500
Frontline
Frontline 300
Frontline 500
NFPA Certified
Training Suits
Accessories
Custom Options
Fabric Type
Zytron
Frontline
Provent
DuraChem
Application
Chemical/FR Protection
Chemical Protection
Hazmat
General Hazard Protection
Medical/Healthcare
NFPA
Tech Data
Provent
Lantex
Zytron
DuraChem
Frontline
ChemTape
Zytron Shelf Life
Frontline Shelf Life
Hazmatch
App Support
Online Selection Tool
Suit Selection Guide
Search By Chemical
Search By Fabric
Browse Suits
News & Events
News
Upcoming Events
Blog
Support
Custom Options
Kappler Roadshow
Documents & Literature
Downloads
Videos
Image Gallery
Contact
Note: Kappler’s HazMatch® mobile app does not collect any personal information. It does utilize a user’s mobile device camera for the app-embedded QR Code Reader, which is provided to scan Kappler garment labels for chemical test data as a customer safety and education service. The app’s camera use is considered by Google requirements to be a potential collector of personal data, and therefore this policy is provided in compliance with those requirements. The following information applies more directly to the Kappler website and other methods of data collection.
Kappler, Inc., and its affiliated companies, and its affiliated companies worldwide (collectively “Kappler, Inc.”, “we” or “Our”) recognize and respect your right to privacy.
This policy explains how Kappler, Inc. collects, shares, stores and uses data. Typically, we collect customer data in order to provide the products and services that customers purchase or request from us. For example, we may capture email addresses. We collect marketing data in order to respond to inquiries about our products and services and provide access to the latest topical information that potential customers might be interested in. When we collect this data, we do so in compliance with this privacy policy, which describes how we handle the data we collect in more detail. This policy also describes other important topics relating to information privacy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we handle your Personal Information.
By accessing or browsing www.Kappler.com (our "Website") and/or using any of the services that we provide to you or you access, you confirm that you have read and understood the entirety of this Privacy Policy.
1. Types of Information Collected
We may collect and process any of the following information about you and we refer to this as “Personal Information” throughout this policy:
1.1 Information you give us.
You may give us information about yourself by using the online forms provided on the Website or by contacting us by phone, e-mail or other means. This includes, for example, filling in our 'Contact Us' form on our Website or when you provide your information to us in order to receive our services.
The information you give us may include: email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, company name, company address, credit card information, job title, account information, and any updates to information provided to us.
Please note that we need certain types of information so that we can provide services to you.  If you do not provide us with such information, or if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access our services.
1.2 Information we may collect about you.
Each time you visit the Website we may automatically collect any of the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, domain name and country which requests information, the files requested, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
1.3 Information we may receive from other sources.
We will receive information about you if:
You obtain our services through one of our resellers or partners. The types of information that we may receive are the same as the information that you may give to us detailed in section 1.1 above.
Y'all Call
The best protective apparel advice comes with a southern accent.
Have suit questions?
Need a chemical tested?
Want a sample suit to evaluate?
Kappler garments are made with American pride in Alabama where the accent is always on quality.
Let's Talk
Call 1-800-600-4019
Or Send Us A Message