http://www.assa.co.uk/en/privacy-centre/cookie-policy/
Skip to main content
ResidentialCommercialWhitepapersSpecification & BIMProductsNewsDoP
Webshop
Contact
About us
Search
Privacy NoticePrivacy Contact Centre Cookie PolicyGeneral Terms & ConditionsLegal NoticeGeneral Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A ‘cookie’ is a small text file containing information which is stored on your device during your visit to our website – the period for which a cookie is stored varies depending on its nature. They help us provide you with the best possible experience when you visit our website, by enabling some of its core functionality, as well as provide us with anonymized data that helps us enhance your experience on our site.
Close
What cookies do we use?
www.assaabloyopeningsolutions.co.uk uses different categories of cookies to provide you with the best possible user experience as described throughout this page.
Essential cookies
These cookies are necessary for our website to function. They are usually set in response to your actions on our site, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
__epiXSRF
Description: This cookie is used to protect users against cross-site request forgery (XSRF).
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
accepted-cookies
Description: This cookie is used to track if you have accepted the use of cookies.
Duration: 2 years
FormCookie
Description: This cookie keeps track of whether the user responded to a specific form or not.
Duration: 1 year
redirecturl
Description: This cookie is used to link to the correctURL from the splash screen.
Duration: 1 year
ASP.NET_SessionId
Description: This cookie is only used on websites with a login area. It is required to identify requests from the same browser during a limited session time window when browsing the website.
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
.LoginC, EPiDPCKEY,.ASPXRoles
Description: These three cookies are used to allow login, access and permissions on websites with a login area.
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
__AntiXsrfToken
Description: This cookie holds a token to verify the login session.
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
Functional cookies
We set functional cookies to remember settings you make on this website, such as your language preferences.
selectedLanguage
Description: This cookie is used to track the visitor'spreferred language preference.
Duration: 1 year
PHPSESSID
Description: This cookie is used by the ‘favourite’ functionality  in the Aperio® product catalogue which allows you to add products to your favourites.
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
collect
Description: This cookie is associated with Google analytics. It is used to send data about the visitor's device and behaviour.
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
Performance cookies
If you do not allow those cookies, some of those settings many not function properly.
We work continuously to improve www.assaabloyopeningsolutions.co.uk contents, functionality and navigation for you. To do this we use analytics tools such as Google Analytics, and Google Optimize which help us understand how users navigate around the site on an anonymous and aggregated level and improve the relevance of our contents.
_ga
Description: This cookie is associated with Google Analytics. It is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites’ analytics reports.
Duration: 2 years
_gaexp
Description: This cookie is used to determine a user's inclusion in an A/B experiment via Google Optimize and the expiry of experiments a user has been included in. Google Optimize is used to enhance user experience on our website.
Duration: Depends on the length of the experiment but typically 90 days
_gid
Description: This cookie is associated with Google Analytics. It is used to distinguish users.
Duration: 24 hours
_gat
Description: This cookie is associated with Google Analytics. It is used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites.
Duration: 1 minute
If you do not allow those cookies, we will not know that you have visited our website and will not be able monitor its performance and the quality and relevance of its contents to you.
Third party cookies
Content we embed on our website from other sources, such as maps, social media services and videos may store cookies on your device.
We may also set advertising cookies on our site through our advertising partners such as Google, Facebook and LinkedIn. Those are used by our partners to show you adverts that are relevant to your interests on other websites.
We use LinkedIn on some of our pages. LinkedIn sets cookies on pages with that integration. For more information please read the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
JSESSIONID: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
_ga
Description: This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and LinkedIn. It is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier.
Duration: 2 years
_guid: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
_lipt: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy
bcookie
Description: This is the ID cookie for browser.
Duration: 1 year
bscookie
Description: This is the ID cookie for secure browser.
Duration: 1 year.
Lang: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
li_at: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
Liap: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
Lidc: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
SI: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
Visit: Please refer to the LinkedIn Cookie Policy.
We use Salesforce's Pardot on some of our pages. Pardot sets cookies on pages with that integration. For more information please read the Salesforce Privacy Policy.
pardot
Description: We use Salesforce's Pardot on some of our pages. Pardot sets cookies on pages with that integration. For more information please read the Salesforce Privacy Policy.
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
lpv272202
Description: Please refer to the Salesforce Privacy Policy
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
visitor_id#
Description: Please refer to the Salesforce Privacy Policy
Duration: 10 years
We have connected our website to HR Manager to accept job applications online. HR Manager sets cookies on pages that use this functionality.
HRMTS.Session.Candidate
Description: This cookie is used by the application framework (ASP.NET) to identify user sessions.
Duration: 2 years
_ga
Description: This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and HR Manager. It is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier.
Duration: 2 years
_gat_UA5282685-2
Description: This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and HR Manager. It is used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites.
Duration: 1 minute
_gid
Description: This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and HR Manager. It is used to distinguish users.
Duration: 24 hours
_hrmts_locationString
Description: This cookie is used to guess the country based on the IP address of the user to enable the pre-selection of the right country in the job application form.
Duration: Session (until you close your browser)
If you do not allow those cookies, you may experience issues with website functionality provided through third parties, and will experience less relevant advertising when you navigate away from our website.
Close
How do I turn off cookies?
Essential cookies
Essential cookies cannot be turned off since without them, our website won’t work and that would frustrate both you and us.
Functional cookies
We don’t collect personal data through functional cookies but if you’d like to opt-out, you may set your browser to automatically reject the storage of cookies.
Performance cookies
We don’t collect personal data through performance cookies but if you’d like to opt-out, you may download & install Google Analytics’ Opt-Out browser add-on which is available for all major browsers and read more about it on Google’s support site.
Third party cookies
To opt-out from third party cookies, you can adjust your preferences by changing your web browser’s settings to reject the storage of third party cookies.
Close
Want to know more?
You can adjust your preferences for all cookie categories by changing your web browser’s settings to automatically reject the storage of cookies or to inform you when a website wants to store cookies on your computer. Depending on the selected browser settings, some cookie-based website functionality may stop working and negatively impact your experience on our website.
If you have already visited our site and previously agreed to the use of cookies, you can revoke cookie consent and clear those from your device through your web browser settings. Browser specific information on how to achieve this can be found in your browser’s support pages or on www.allaboutcookies.org, which provides a comprehensive how-to guide per browser and a wealth of information about cookies. You can also contact us with any questions at uk.marketing@assaabloy.com
Close