http://www.efcocorp.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the EFCO® website (efcocorp.com). On some pages, you can review your order status, request literature, and contact EFCO®. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Company
Email address
Phone number
Your personal information is only submitted to us when you choose to provide this information on a form or email.
Cookies
To help us determine what support information is appropriate to your machine, we occasionally use "cookies." Temporary cookies are needed to maintain the user session and pull up the correct pages from our server. These cookies expire when you leave the EFCO® website. Traffic log cookies allow us to determine which pages are used more often than others. This helps us make improvements to the site to better meet your needs. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
How We Use Information:
The information we collect is kept confidential. We use the information you provide about yourself only within EFCO® to answer your questions and provide you with better service. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use your return email address to answer your questions. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
If you request literature on our website, the information you submit will not be used for any other purpose, other than fulfill your request and improve our website.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we may track that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of people from a certain state requested a particular brochure, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) or your order and the products you purchase will not be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Certain sections of the EFCO® website are accessible only by authorized sales reps and customers. As a user of these restricted areas, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and password, and any account information.
How You Can Correct Your Information
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Third-Party Sites
Please be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy statement does not cover the information practices of those third-party web sites.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-800-221-4169 or send us a comment here.