http://www.bantrel.com/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
If you do not agree with the terms or have any questions, contact us before proceeding and we will be pleased to assist you. By choosing to access and use this site, you are expressly agreeing to be bound by these terms.
License and Site Access. Bantrel or third parties granting rights to Bantrel hold title to the materials on this site, which are the copyrighted work of Bantrel or such third parties. Bantrel grants you a limited license to access and make personal, noncommercial use of this site, including the right to download and make a single electronic or hard copy of limited portions (including text, photos, videos, and graphics), provided that the Bantrel copyright is acknowledged on each page copied. However, you may not modify it or any portion of it. This license does not include any commercial use of this site or its contents other than our e-commerce services. It does not include any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
Neither this Website nor any portion thereof may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose. You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any portion of this site. You may not use meta tags or any other hidden text using Bantrel’s name or trademarks. Any unauthorized use terminates the license to use granted herein.
Changes to Site. In order to improve our service to you, we reserve the right to make changes in the access, operation, and content of this site at any time without notice. We also reserve the right to make changes in the Terms and the Privacy Policy, so please check before each use for changes.
Confidential Information. Bantrel discourages you from sending or posting to the site materials or information that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Please note that if you do send such information, Bantrel will assume that it is not confidential. By sending or posting such information or material, you grant Bantrel an unrestricted license to use, reproduce, and distribute those materials or information, and you agree that Bantrel may use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send or post for any purpose.
No Warranties. The information on this site is provided for general information purposes only. While Bantrel strives to provide only accurate information on this Web site, you may discover some inadvertent inaccuracies in the information provided. Please bring them to our attention by contacting us. Since such mistakes may occur, Bantrel MAKES NO GUARANTEES, WARRANTIES, OR REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION ON THIS SITE. WE ARE PROVIDING THE INFORMATION ON AN “AS IS, WHERE IS” BASIS, AND ALL WARRANTIES (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) ARE DISCLAIMED.
Links to Other Sites. As convenience, this Web site may contain links to other sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated or associated with, Bantrel. Accordingly, Bantrel does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or terms of use of such sites, nor does Bantrel control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information and materials available on such sites.
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, analyse your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts, and provide content from third parties. View Bantrel Cookie Policy
Accept
Back to Top
Copyright © 2019 Bantrel
Applicant Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Why Bantrel
Who We Are
Our History
Our Leadership
Our Community
Innovation
What We Believe
Vision, Values & Covenants
Quality
Health, Safety & Environment
Ethics & Compliance
Diversity & Inclusion
Services
Engineering
Procurement
Construction
Construction Management
Markets
Energy
Refining
Technology Solutions
Upgrading
SAGD/Thermal
Petrochemical
Pipelines & Terminals
LNG
Carbon Mgmt.
U & O
Tailings
Sustaining Capital & Turnarounds
Portfolio Management
Turnarounds
Aging Infastructure
Brownfield Tanks
Mining & Metals
Comminution
Electrometallurgy
Hydrometallurgical Processing
Material Handling
Mineral Processing
Pyrometallurgical Processing
Power & Infrastructure
Power Generation
Substation
Transmission & Distribution
Electrical Asset Management
Rail & Transit
Sustainability
Projects
Careers
Why Bantrel
Who We Hire
Opportunities
Job Fraud Alert
Contractors & Suppliers
Health, Safety and Environment
Quality Compliance
Supplier Quality and Expediting