https://www.insidelogistics.ca/privacy-policy/
Voir la version française
View Cookie Policy
Newcom Business Media Inc. adheres to legislated standards in assuring your privacy. Any information we collect relating to your account and correspondence are compliant with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act (PIPEDA) and Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL).
First and foremost, we are driven by a desire to serve our readers well. We recognize that in today’s environment, privacy is an important issue. We design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind.
This privacy policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use Newcom’s services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard this information.
Our site visitors may enjoy some of the web-based services we offer without providing any personal information. However, the following principles apply to the personal identifying information that we ask for and that you provide – information that personally identifies you, such as your name, a password, or e-mail address.
Data Collection
Newcom also collects limited non-personal data that your browser makes available whenever you visit our website. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your query and one or more ‘cookies’ that may uniquely identify your browser.
Some of our services require you to register. Newcom asks you for some personal identifying information in order to create an account (typically e-mail address and/or a password for your account). This information is used to provide services such as permission-based outbound newsletters and alerts, or to allow you access to certain proprietary information that we provide on our site
When you register for one of our products (site membership, trade show attendance, newsletter subscriptions, etc.), our forms may ask for contact and demographic information. This information is used to allow you to access certain areas of our site that contains proprietary information, send permission-based products and services to your desk-top, and to advise you of other Newcom products and services. You will be able to opt-out of receiving any information or e-mails from Newcom. In addition, demographic information may be used to customize the display of our sites to you by showing content that we think might be of interest or related to your past visits.
We may collect your information using a variety of sources such as direct mail, questionnaires, contests, promotions, surveys, magazines, websites, shopping cart check-outs or other online means.
We use functional cookies to remember your preferences on our websites. This can be anything from saving your username to remembering changes to font sizes.
Use of your Email
We will use your email to communicate with you about the purchase or use of our products and services. We may also send you email on behalf other companies about relevant products and services you may be interested in, and you will always have the ability to opt out of email communications.
We will not release your information to a third party, with the exception of business contact information (name, title, company, address, phone and fax). Specifically, we do not release email addresses. You may opt out of being included in our contact list, even after granting prior permission, by sending a request to our privacy officer. Please indicate “privacy” in the subject line.
Consent for the Collection, Use or Disclosure of Information
As outlined by CASL, your purchase or use of our products and services establishes a business relationship giving implied consent for Newcom Business Media Inc. to collect, use and disclose information for the purposes of communicating with you or for delivering a product.
At times, we may supplement incomplete user information with data obtained from public databases. This information may be combined with the information we collect to help us tailor communications to you and improve our products and services.
Newcom Business Media Inc. will maintain your contact information as a corporate asset. The data you submit will be used to provide you with products and services relevant to you and your business. You will always have the ability to delete, change or revoke the consent to use your contact information. All electronic correspondence will provide you with a mechanism to opt out of receiving future communications unless your data is necessary for service delivery, billing or audit purposes.
Certain information—such as your password or e-mail address—is not disclosed in any form whatsoever to any outside party. While we will primarily use your e-mail address to contact you when your subscription is up for renewal, send you permission-based newsletters or alerts, or to provide you additional information regarding your trade show registration, there are a few other types of messages we may want to send you, either by e-mail or other means. These might include (but aren’t limited to) announcements regarding other products or services. You will be able to opt-out of any such mailings. In addition, we do share non-personal, aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, demographics, traffic patterns, and related site information with advertisers and reputable third-party vendors for marketing and promotional purposes; however, none of the information we disclose in this aggregate form can be used to personally identify you.
Information sharing
We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals, unless we have your consent. We may share such information in any of the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent.
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we have a relationship with Maritz Research to conduct industry-specific market research. To ensure the quality and integrity of the research we allow them to administer the research questionnaires and data tabulation. In this case, we adhere to both Newcom and Maritz privacy policies.
If you have a subscription to one of our magazines or newsletters, or have attended one of our trade shows, we may share the information submitted under your account among all of our services in order to provide you with a seamless experience and to improve the quality of our services. We will not disclose your account information to other people or non-affiliated companies, except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy or with your consent.
In the event of a transfer of ownership of Newcom Business Media., such as acquisition by or merger with another company, we will provide notice before any personally identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share aggregated information with others. An example of this would be, how many users clicked on a particular advertisement.
Newcom Business Media’s websites may use cookies, pixel tags, log files and other technologies to automatically record general information about your visit such as browsers used, links clicked and opened, web pages viewed, etc. This information may be used for statistical analysis in order to enhance your user experience on our website or to deliver you relevant advertising messages.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Newcom Business Media Inc. uses credit card numbers submitted to us through our websites for payment purposes only. We utilize secure encryption technology to reasonably assure the privacy and security of the credit card numbers of our customers.
Updating your information
We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services. For more information, please see the help pages for each service.
Terms of Use:
By using our Web sites, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Newcom Business Media within the policies stated above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. As with all areas of our sites, Newcom Business Media welcomes your questions and comments. If you have any questions or concerns about our stated privacy policies, or if you wish to review or request changes to your information, please contact us at admin@mmdonline.com
External Links
Newcom Business Media’s websites may contain links to external sites. Once you link to an external site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the new site.
Services will be provided on the next available date based on the products purchased.
“No cancellations or refunds”
Changes to this Policy
Please note this Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be changes that are more significant. Regardless, we will post those changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will also provide a more prominent notice.