http://www.arizonahomeinsurance.com/privacy
Retrieve Quote
Reference Number
Zip Code 5
By continuing, you acknowledge that you have reviewed our Information Notice.
Retrieve My Quote
If you have a reference number from a previous online quote or a direct mailing quote please enter it here.
×
Home
Retrieve Quote
Back
Retrieve Quote
Reference Number
Zip Code 5
By continuing, you acknowledge that you have reviewed our Information Notice.
Retrieve My Quote
If you have a reference number from a previous online quote or a direct mailing quote please enter it here.
Claims
(800) 234-2103
Log In
Close
Privacy
Processing, please wait...
Validating Address...
Privacy Policy
Privacy Information & Legal Disclaimers
This site contains only brief descriptions of various coverages available. For the actual coverages, exclusions and deductible amounts, please read your individual policy/quotes carefully.
Quotes generated by the Western Mutual Insurance Group are based on the validity of the information provided by the requesting user/homeowner. No policy quote is final until we have completed the policy approval process.
We value our online users and customers. Please contact us with any questions or concerns you may have regarding our Internet sites and services.
Important Privacy Notice
The Western Mutual Insurance Group shares your concerns about the privacy of your nonpublic personal information. Because we value you as a customer and your privacy is important to us, we do not sell our customer information to anyone.
The following privacy policy explains the type of information we collect about you and your home; how and when we use and disclose that information; and how we protect that information from unauthorized use.
Information We May Collect and Maintain
We collect a variety of information about you directly from you and several other sources including:
From applications submitted to us, we may collect information such as your name, address, telephone number, property age and size, prior claim history, and other important identifying information.
From your transactions with us, we may collect data regarding your payment and claim history, and if you create, register or connect an online account in connection with our services and products, we may store your username, password and other basic account information that you may provide or that may be associated with that account.
From your online interactions with us, we and analytics companies may use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies to automatically collect information about your use of and access to our website, IP addresses and other internet information.
From public record sources, we may collect and/or verify information regarding your home, such as property age and size.
From consumer reporting agencies, we may collect data regarding your prior claim history or your credit history (please note that we do not share your credit information with anyone).
From other parties, such as service and data providers, we may collect information to help us provide you services and products.
Information Use and Disclosure
We use this information to fulfill the purpose for which it was provided and for other purposes as permitted by law, including to:
Provide you products and services, complete transactions, process claims, maintain your account, and communicate with you.
Provide marketing and advertising that may be of interest to you.
Perform analytics and research to improve, develop, and protect our websites, services and products.
Enforce applicable terms and conditions and other applicable policies.
Protect our business, services, customers, and websites, prevent fraud, and comply with legal requirements.
We may disclose this information to third parties for business purposes. These companies must also maintain the privacy of your personal data. For example, we may disclose your information to:
Service providers.
Insurance institutions to detect or prevent fraud.
Insurance regulators, law enforcement and other parties for legal reasons.
Actuarial firms that conduct studies that do not identify individuals.
Other companies as permitted by law.
How We Protect Your Information
Western Mutual Insurance Group places a high priority on keeping your information secure. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to hold your data in the strictest confidence. Our employees are bound by a Confidentiality Policy, which limits access to customer data to those employees who need it to perform their job functions.
Your Right to Review and Correct Information
We do not sell your information to any third parties.
However, you have the right to access the nonpublic personal information we maintain about you in our records and to be advised to whom, if anyone, we have disclosed the personal information within two years of the date of your request. We may charge a reasonable fee to collect and send the data to you. If you wish to review your personal Information, please provide a written request to:
Western Mutual Insurance Group
attn: Privacy Officer
P.O. Box 19626
Irvine, CA 92623-9626
Your request should include your name address, policy number, and a description of the data you wish to review. We will respond within 30 days of receipt of your written request. Should you find any errors, you may send us a written request for correction, amendment or deletion of the incorrect information. We will act on your request within 30 days of receipt.
If the Company corrects, amends, or deletes the information we will notify you in writing and any person designated by you that has received the personal information within the preceding two years and any person or organization that provided the personal information.
If we do not correct, amend or delete the personal information, you have the right to file a concise statement of what you believe is the correct statement and the reasons you disagree with our decision not to correct, amend, or delete the personal information.
The company will put your statement in your file so that anyone reviewing your file will see it, and we will include your statement with the personal information and any future disclosures by the Company.
Use of Internet Cookies, Google Analytics and IP Addresses
A "cookie" is a random set of characters that allows us to track our users’ traffic patterns as well as providing assistance during the quoting process. The cookies we assign to you will expire. Cookies cannot read personal information off your hard drive nor will we use them to store or transmit any harmful personal information about you. Additionally, a cookie is only recognizable by the web site that created it – another web site or server will not be able to use the cookie or access any information stored in it.
You can disable your browser from accepting cookies. Refusing cookies will not prevent you from using any part of this web site. However, the information we are able to gather through cookies regarding web traffic and usage patterns on our web site helps us identify user or server problems, administer our site and provide insight into how to improve our visitor’s total web experience. Most browsers will give you the option to specify that you be prompted before any web site puts a cookie on your hard drive – granting you the opportunity to accept or refuse the cookie. More information on cookies can be found in the Help section of your Internet browser.
This site uses Google analytical tools to track usage and activities on our website to help improve the overall user experience.
To find out more about how Google uses data when you use a partner’s site, please go to https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
An IP address is a unique number assigned to your computer each time you log on to use the Internet. We use IP addresses to analyze web traffic, user trends, track users' movement within our sites and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Internet Links – Partners
This web site may contain links to other Internet sites. Please be aware that the Western Mutual Insurance Group is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Internet sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that is linked to or from our site. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site and the Western Mutual Insurance Group.
CCPA Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("personal information").
Personal information does not include information exempted from the CCPA, such as:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, including personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from quote requests and applications submitted to us.
From your transactions with us. For example, from payment and claim activity.
From government agencies and aggregators of public records. For example, information about your home.
From consumer reporting agencies. For example, information regarding you, your property, your prior claims history or your credit history.
From third parties as permitted by law, such as agents, brokers and service providers.
From your online interactions with us, we and analytics companies may automatically collect information about your use and access to our website.
We make no active effort to collect personal information from children and do not wish to receive any such information. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 18, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Use of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information to anyone for any purpose as defined by the CCPA.
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, provide you services and products, take actions within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, and perform our contract with you. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase insurance, we will use that information to issue your policy, to adjust your claim when you report a loss and to process your payment. We may use that personal information to obtain an inspection of your property. We may also save your information to facilitate future transactions.
To communicate with you.
To update or correct our records.
To obtain consumer reports.
To provide information to insurance support organizations to detect or prevent fraud.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, payments, and claims transactions, and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To present offers of earthquake insurance as required by California law.
To respond to law enforcement requests, to comply with laws, regulations or other legal obligations, to assist in an investigation, to defend our rights and property or the rights of third parties or enforce terms and conditions.
We may also use your personal information to prevent suspected fraud, threats to our network or other illegal activities, prevent misuse or for any other reason permitted by law.
To perform analytics and research to improve, develop, and protect our websites, services and products.
To provide marketing and advertising that may be of interest to you.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise allowed under the CCPA.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers, such as financial institutions to process your payments, agents, brokers, companies involved in insurance and other business transactions, inspection companies to perform inspections of your property and independent adjusters, and contractors and vendors to assist in processing your claims.
Legal, tax, and accounting service providers.
Data analysis and application service providers.
Administrative service providers.
Security service providers.
Data aggregators.
Consumer reporting agencies.
Law enforcement, regulators, and other parties for legal reasons, as required by law or subpoenas, or if we believe such actions are necessary to comply with the law and the requests of regulators, law enforcement or other public authorities, or to protect our or others safety, rights or property, or to investigate fraud or protect the security or integrity of our products and services.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category H: Sensory data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We do not sell your personal information to anyone for any purpose as defined by the CCPA.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, a list of disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction(s) for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either
Calling us at 800-234-2103
Emailing us at [email protected]
For current policyholders, by logging in to our Customer Service Center and completing the CCPA Request Form
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination Rights
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your CCPA rights.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which we collect and use your information described here, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 800-234-2103
Website: westernmutual.com
Email: [email protected]
Postal Address:
Western Mutual Insurance Group
ATTN: Privacy Officer
PO Box 19626
Irvine, CA
92623-9626
Download our CCPA Consumer Request form here.
Last Updated October 9, 2020
Notice at Collection of Personal Information
×
We do not, and will not, sell your personal information to anyone for any purpose.
Throughout the quote and application process, we may collect the following categories of personal information from you and/or from authorized third party sources:
Identifiers
Personal information under California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e)
Protected classifications
Commercial information
Sensory Data
The personal information we collect from you may be used for the following purposes:
Providing quotes
Rating, underwriting, and servicing your policy
Obtaining consumer reports, including credit status and claim history from authorized third parties
Obtaining property information from authorized third parties
Adjusting your claims
The personal information we collect may be disclosed to third parties without authorization, but only as allowed by state or federal law.
You have the right to access and correct, and in some cases delete, the personal information we have collected about you. Refer to our complete Privacy Policy for additional information.
Close