http://www.twpinc.com/policies
Home
Policies
Policy Information
Sample Policy
TWP Inc. will provide samples for your testing and inspection. The cost is $10 per sample ordered plus freight. (Note: Unless otherwise specified, samples will ship USPS). The sample sizes are listed in each different product page. Please Note: We do not accept sample returns.
Return Policy
We have guaranteed the quality of our mesh since 1969. Please be sure to inspect materials before cutting. If quality is disputed, wire cloth may be returned to TWP Inc in delivered condition (unprocessed and unused) and packaged to prevent damage. All returns must be authorized by TWP and may be subject to a restocking charge. We reserve the right to inspect them before issuing credit. Goods must be returned within 30 days of receipt. We cannot accept for return any of the following items: Wire mesh which has been cut or altered. Custom discs and parts. Items from the "Specials" page.
Payment Policy
Qualified businesses or organizations will be given Net 30 terms upon approved credit. In order to open an account, please provide a bank reference and three trade references. Major Credit Cards are also accepted. Overseas customers may pay by Credit Card or Bank T/T at the time of shipment. NOTE: There is a minimum order of $300.00 for issuing a purchase order.
Individuals are welcome to order from us, however we request payment by credit card.
All past due accounts are subject to a 1.5% per month service charge or 18% per year.
Back to Top
Shipping Policy
We use Fed Ex for small shipments of up to 150 pounds (68kg). They are fast, inexpensive, and traceable. Shipments over 150 pounds must ship by truck.
The TWP website can only calculate shipping options for destinations within the US and Canada.  Any other freight charge that appears on an order form is an error. The buyer is responsible for all brokerage fees, taxes,and duties
Minimum Order Policy
Standard Mesh Materials: $100 USD
Wire Mesh Discs: $200
Special shapes and Slit Widths: $200
Custom Weaving: $1500
International Orders: Same as above (if FED Ex or truck shippable)
All prices are quoted in U.S. dollars and are subject to change. The listed prices are FOB Berkeley, California USA and do not include freight charges or any applicable taxes.
Quality Policy
The TWP Inc. Quality System conforms to American National Standards Institute/American Society for Quality (ANSI/ASQ) ISO 9001:2015 Quality Systems Standard.
Utilizing this Quality System, TWP intends to follow a system of continuous improvement. All employees and subcontractors are required to follow the procedures outlined in TWP Inc's Quality System Documentation.
In keeping with the philosophy that quality is an integral part of our business plan and structure, we adopted the Standard to confirm our commitment to supply product that meets or exceed customers' requirements and expectations.
As a market leader in wire mesh supply, we realize the need to effectively implement and continuously improve our quality system as specified in the Standard.
It is essential that we remain focused on customer's needs and requirements to ensure their total satisfaction in the use of our product to achieve our business goals.
Back to Top
Environmental Policy
TWP Inc is dedicated to environmental protection, human health, & safety. Employees of TWP are responsible for environmental protection as a part of their duties. We endeavor to respect the interdependent web of all existence of which we are a part.
TWP has committed to a phase-out PVC coated mesh because of its significant environmental and health impacts throughout its manufacture, use and disposal life cycle.
Mission Statement
As a world market leader in wire mesh supply, TWP understands the need to effectively implement and continuously improve our products and services.
TWP continues to focus on its customers' needs and requirements in order to provide satisfaction in the use of our products to achieve their business goals.
Pricing Policy
Prices are subject to change without notice. TWP Inc reserves the right to correct PRICE errors on our website.
Damaged Shipment Policy
Please inspect your TWP shipment upon receipt. If it shows any external damage, accept it only after the driver has noted the damage on both his/her and your copies of the delivery receipt and you have requested an inspection by the carrier. If upon opening the shipment, you find a shortage or damage, you must request inspection by the carrier within 15 days of delivery or you will relinquish your right to make a claim.
Back to Top
Limitation of Liability Policy
TWP expressly disclaims any liability for consequential and/or incidental damages for lost profits, lost sales, injury to person or property, attorneys fees, or any other incidental or consequential loss. TWP's liability is limited to, and shall not exceed, the purchase price.
Quantity Variance Policy on Custom Parts
Custom-made parts are subject to a +/- 10% quantity shipping variance unless otherwise arranged. Once custom-made discs are in process, they may not be canceled.
Force Majeure Policy
TWP shall not be liable for any delay in or impairment of performance resulting in whole or in part from acts of God, labor disruptions,shortages, inability to procure product, supplies, energy, or raw materials, severe weather conditions, or any other circumstances or cause beyond the control of TWP in the conduct of its business.
Back to Top
Privacy Policy
Effective May 26 2005
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How to Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the TWP Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting TWP by email. We will then email or phone you with your information. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, Please call us at 510-548-4434 or send us an email at sales@twpinc.com.
Back to Top