https://www.lighting.philips.com/main/privacy/legal-information/cookie-notice
Cookie notice | Philips lighting
You are now visiting our Global professional lighting website, visit your local website by
going to the USA website
You are now visiting the Philips lighting website. A localized version is available for you.
Continue
Philips Lighting
For professionals
For consumers
Our approach
Our approach
Legal information
Legal information
Privacy request
Privacy request
For professionals
For consumers
GLOBAL
...
Home
Privacy center
Legal Information
Cookie notice
Suggestions
Cookie Notice
More information about cookies
Signify aims to make your online experience and interaction with our websites as informative, relevant and supportive as possible. One way of achieving this is to use cookies or similar techniques, which store information about your visit to our site on your computer. We feel that it is very important that you know what cookies our website uses and for what purposes. This will help protect your privacy, while ensuring our website's user-friendliness as much as possible. Below you can read more about the cookies used by and via our website and the purposes for which they are used. This is a statement about privacy and our use of cookies, not a contract or agreement.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer's hard disk when you visit certain websites. At Signify we may use similar techniques, such as pixels, web beacons etc. For consistency's sake, all these techniques combined will be named 'cookies'.
Why are these cookies used?
Cookies may be used for many different purposes. For example, cookies can be used to show that you have visited our website before and to identify which parts of the site you might be most interested in. Cookies can also improve your online experience by storing your preferences during your visit to our website.
Cookies from third parties
Third parties (external to Signify) may also store cookies on your computer during your visit to Signify websites. These indirect cookies are similar to direct cookies but come from a different domain (non-Signify) to the one you are visiting.
Further information about Signify's use of cookies
Further information about Signify's use of cookies
Do Not Track Signals
Signify takes privacy and security very seriously, and strives to put our website users first in all aspects of our business. Signify utilises cookies to help you to get the most out of the Signify websites.
Please be aware that Signify currently does not make use of a technical solution that would enable us to respond to your browser's 'Do Not Track' signals. In order to manage your cookie preferences, however, you may alter the cookie settings in your browser settings at any time. You may accept all, or certain, cookies. If you do disable our cookies in your browser settings, you may find that certain sections of our website(s) will not work. For example, you may have difficulties logging in or making online purchases.
You can find further information on how to alter your cookie settings for the browser that you use from the following list:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/managing/
http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Cookies#w_cookie-settings
http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
http://www.apple.com/safari/features.html#security
On the Signify pages, Flash cookies may also be used. Flash cookies may be removed by managing your Flash Player settings. Depending on the version of Internet Explorer (or other browser) and media player you use, you may be able to manage Flash cookies with your browser. You may manage Flash Cookies by visiting Adobe's website. Please be aware that restricting the use of Flash Cookies may affect the features available to you.
Further information about the type of cookies used on Signify sites
Cookies that ensure that the website functions properly
These cookies are necessary to make it possible to surf the Signify website(s) and use the website's functions, such as accessing protected areas of the website. Without these cookies, such functions, including shopping baskets and electronic payment, are not possible.
Our website uses cookies for:
Remembering products that you add to your shopping basket during online purchasing
Remembering information that you fill in on the various pages when paying or ordering so that you don't have to fill in all your details repeatedly
Passing on information from one page to the next, for instance if a long survey is being filled in or if you need to fill in a large number of details for an online order
Storing preferences such as language, location, the number of search results to be displayed etc.
Storing settings for optimal video display, such as buffer size and your screen's resolution details
Reading your browser settings so that we can display our website optimally on your screen
Locating misuse of our website and services, for example by recording several consecutive failed log-in attempts
Loading the website evenly so that it remains accessible
Offering the option of storing log-in details so that you don't have to enter them every time
Making it possible to place a reaction on our website
Cookies that enable us to measure website usage
These cookies gather information about the surfing behaviour of visitors to our websites, such as which pages are visited often and whether visitors receive error messages. By doing this we are able to make the structure, navigation and content of the website as user-friendly as possible for you. We do not link the statistics and other reports to people. We use cookies for:
Keeping track of the number of visitors to our web pages
Keeping track of the length of time that each visitor spends on our web pages
Determining the order in which a visitor visits the various pages on our website
Assessing which parts of our site need to be improved
Optimising the website
Cookies for displaying advertisements
Our website displays advertisements (or video messages) to you, which may use cookies.
By using cookies we can:
keep track of which advertisements you have already been shown so that you are not always shown the same ones
keep track of how many visitors click on the advertisement
keep track of how many orders are placed by way of the advertisement
Even if such cookies are not used, however, you may still be shown advertisements that do not utilise cookies. These advertisements can, for instance, be modified according to the content of the website. You can compare this type of content-related Internet advertisements with advertising on television. If, say, you are watching a cookery programme on TV, you will often see an advertisement about cooking products during the advert breaks while this programme is on.
Cookies for behaviour-related content of a web page
Our aim is to provide visitors to our website with information that is as relevant as possible to them. We therefore endeavor to adapt our site as much as possible to every visitor. We do this not only through the content of our website, but also through the advertisements shown.
To make it possible for these adaptations to be carried out, we try to acquire a picture of your likely interests on the basis of the Signify websites that you visit in order to develop a segmented profile. Based on these interests, we then adapt the content and the advertisements on our website for various groups of customers. For instance, based upon your surfing behaviour, you may have similar interests to the 'males in the 30-to-45 age range, married with children and interested in football' category. This group will, of course, be shown different advertisements to the 'female, 20-to-30 age range, single and interested in travelling' category.
Third parties that set cookies via our website may also try to find out what your interests are in this way. In this case, the information about your current website visit may be combined with information from previous visits to websites other than ours.
Even if such cookies are not used, please note that you will be provided with advertisements on our site; however, these advertisements will not be tailored to your interests.
These cookies make it possible for:
the websites to record your visit and, as a result, to assess your interests
a check to be run to see if you have clicked on an advertisement
information about your surfing behaviour to be passed to other websites
third-party services to be used to show you advertisements
more interesting advertisements to be displayed on the basis of your social media usage
Cookies for sharing the content of our website via social media
The articles, pictures and videos that you look at on our website can be shared and liked via social media by means of buttons. Cookies from the social media parties are used to enable these buttons to function, so that they recognise you when you wish to share an article or video.
These cookies make it possible for:
logged-in users of selected social media to share and like certain content from our website directly
These social media parties may also collect your personal data for their own purposes. Signify has no influence over how these social media parties make use of your personal data. For more information regarding the cookies set by the social media parties and the possible data that they gather, please refer to the privacy statement(s) made by the social media parties themselves. Below we have listed the privacy statements of the Social Media channels that are used the most by Signify:
Facebook
Google+
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Vine
Concluding remarks
We may amend this Cookie Notice from time to time, for example, because our website or the rules relating to cookies change. We reserve the right to amend the content of the Cookie Notice and the cookies included in the lists at any time and without notice. The new Cookie Notice will be effective upon posting. If you do not agree to the revised notice, you should alter your preferences, or consider stopping using the Signify pages. By continuing to access or make use of our services after the changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Cookie Notice. You can consult this web page for the latest version.
If you have any further questions and/or comments, please contact us.
Connect with Philips
Investor relations
Careers
Contact Philips
Site owner
Cookie notice
Privacy notice
Product security
Terms of use
©2019-2020 Signify Holding. All rights reserved.