http://www.metal-technologies.com/privacy-policy
HomeCompany
Our Values
Facilities
MTI CorporateAuburn Casting CenterRavenna Ductile IronThree Rivers Gray IronNorthern FoundryJackson Die CastPrecision GageSan Luis Potosi, MX
Industries Served
AutomotiveHeavy TrucksHydraulicsCompressorsIndustrialApplianceSmall EngineRailroadTrailer AxleOther
Our Capabilities
Strategic ServicesProduct EngineeringQualityGray IronDuctile IronAluminumValue Added Services
SuppliersResources
EducationMetal Casting Resources
Working at MTIRequest QuoteContactMéxicoCOVID19
Home/ Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective
This Privacy Policy was last modified on November 5, 2013.
Information Practices
Metal Technologies, Inc. ("Company") understands that security and privacy are important issues for visitors to our website (the "Site").  We maintain the following standards to help protect information collected online that personally identifies you.  We may modify this Privacy Policy (the "Policy") at any time and, accordingly, we urge you to frequently review the Policy.  We will always apply the Policy under which your information was collected, unless we obtain your prior consent.
Collection of Information – Applying for a Job Online
Citizens of the United States residing in the United States may apply for employment with the Company online.  You do not have to submit a job application online unless you choose to do so. If you choose to apply online for a position, you may be required to voluntarily provide your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, educational information, prior employment information and/or other personally identifiable information (“Applicant Information”).  You may even have the opportunity to provide your resume or CV in electronic form through the Site.  If you provide any personal references, please note that it is your responsibility to obtain the consent from references before providing their personal information to us.  By applying for a position with us through the Site, you consent to our use of your Applicant Information as described in this Policy.  You may always refuse to provide the information requested through the Site but this may limit our ability to consider you as a candidate for employment.  Please note that while you may remove your application from further consideration, once an application is made, you cannot remove it.
Collection of Information – Customers/Suppliers
Our customers and suppliers may be asked to voluntarily provide the name and position of a contact person, business address, business telephone number, business e-mail address, industry information and/or other personally identifiable information ("Corporate Information") to have access to features of the Site.  By using the Site and allowing us to access your Corporate Information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy.  You may always refuse to provide your Corporate Information, and this may lead to our inability to provide you with certain services. In this Policy, Applicant Information and Corporate Information shall be referred to collectively as “Personal Information.”
Collection of Automated Information
We or our business partners may also collect information that is collected automatically, such as your IP number (a number used to identify your computer on the Internet) or the type of browser you are using, through the use of cookies or by other means ("Automated Information").  We hope that, by using Automated Information, we can update the Site to make it more useful to you and other users.  We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use Automated Information and aggregate data (which does not personally identify you), without limitation.
Use of Information
Except as set forth in this Policy, we will not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for their marketing purposes without first giving you a chance to opt-out.
We use Applicant Information for the following purposes: to assess your skills and qualifications for the job for which you have applied; to verify your information and conduct reference checks; to conduct background checks if you are offered a position; to communicate with you about employment opportunities; to create and submit reports as required by law; to improve our recruitment process; and legal defense, as necessary.  If you accept employment with Metal Technologies or one of our affiliated companies, your Applicant Information will become a part of your employment record and will be used for employment purposes.
We use Corporate Information for the following purposes: to administer your account; to administer and improve the Site and related services; to allow use of, or participation in, the Site and our services; to notify you of events or about our products, services, promotional events or special offers that maybe of interest to you; to provide Internet security; and to meet legal requirements.
Personal Information may be shared with our employees and affiliated companies for the purposes set forth above.
We may work with other businesses that may perform certain functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, managing data, verifying information or hosting the Site.  These business partners will be bound by terms of confidentiality and have access to your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform their specific functions and may not use it for any other purpose.
If the Company is involved in the sale of a substantial portion of its business assets, Personal Information or Automated Information may be among the transferred assets.
Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally required to do so.
E-mail Communications
We may send e-mail communications to you regarding notifications related to our Site and services, as well as promotional e-mail messages.  If you send an e-mail to us, you are communicating with us electronically.  You thereby consent to receive communications from us electronically; however, please note that e-mail communications are not necessarily secure and confidential.  For instance, it is possible that information transmitted to us via e-mail may be read or obtained by other parties.  In an attempt to protect your privacy, our e-mail responses do not include personal account information.  We recommend that you do not include such information in e-mail communications directed to us.  We may communicate with you by postal mail, e-mail or by posting notices on the Site.  All agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Public Areas
We may make some public chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you on the Site.  Please remember that these areas of the Site are public areas and may be viewed by other visitors to the Site.  You should not post any Personal Information in these areas.  Any information that is voluntarily disclosed by you in these areas is not proprietary or protected.  Please see the section on Submitted Information in the Company's Terms of Use for additional information and restrictions regarding these submissions.
Privacy of Children
We encourage parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children's online activities.  We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information from any child under the age of 13.
Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as the information is relevant to our business purposes or until you request that we remove the data by contacting us at MTI Privacy Policy, or write to us at: Metal Technologies, Inc., Attention: V.P. – Information Technology, 1401 S. Grandstaff Drive, Auburn, IN 46706.
Your Opportunity to Opt-out of E-mail Advertising
In the event you do not wish to receive promotional e-mail from us, please follow the opt-out process contained in any e-mail message you receive from us.
Cookies When you visit the Site, we or a third party service provider may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file that can help us in many ways.  Personal Information is not collected through the use of cookies.  For example, cookies allow us to tailor the Site to better match your interests and preferences and to assist in filing out various forms on the Site.  With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.  Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions.  If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site's features.
Links
The Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties ("Third Party Sites").  We are not responsible for the collection or use of your Personal or Automated Information at any Third Party Sites.  Therefore, the Company disclaims any liability for any third party's use of your Personal or Anonymous Information obtained through using a Third Party Site.
Security
We have policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your Personal Information that we collect and maintain.  All Personal Information is stored on secured servers in the United States, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled.  Access to your Personal Information is restricted to those employees or business partners who need to know that information as part of their job, to service your account or to provide products and services to you. Data protection laws in the United States may not be the same as those in other jurisdictions.  If we transfer personally identifiable information outside of your jurisdiction, we will take steps to continue to protect your privacy.  Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.
Contacting the Company or Modifying Your Personal Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or wish to update your Personal Information provided to us, please contact us by e-mail at MTI Privacy Policy, or write to us at: Metal Technologies, Inc., Attention: V.P. – Information Technology, 1401 S. Grandstaff Drive, Auburn, IN 46706.  Please provide a concise communication with complete information, including your contact information.
Navigation
HomeCompanyFacilitiesIndustries ServedOur CapabilitiesResourcesWorking at MTIRequest QuoteContact