http://www.albanysteel.com/privacy-notice/
Existing Customers
Sign in
Don't Have an Account?
Register
Home
Privacy Notice
Your Privacy is important to us.  We will never sell or disclose personal information at Albany Steel & Brass.com.  We collect this information for the sole purpose of identifying our customers orders and communicating with them regarding their order status and other information related to our products and services.  If you feel your information has been compromised by us, please contact us in writing immediately.
Your privacy is important to Albany Steel & Brass. So we've developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Collection and Use of Personal InformationWe collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address and billing information to process your order, you may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?Albany Steel & Brass and our partners also use cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, online services, and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with Albany Steel & Brass more convenient and personal. If you want to disable cookies, go to your web browser preferences and then to the Security pane to disable cookies.As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol(IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Albany Steel & Brass may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.In some of our email messages, we use a "click-through URL" linked to content on the Albany Steel & Brass website. When customers click one of these URLs, we track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.Any of the information we collect from you may be in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) To improve or website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information add feedback we receive from you) To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To process transactions: your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other for the express purpose of delivering the purchased products or service requested by the customer.To send periodic emails  (The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related products or service information, etc.) Note: If at anytime you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.Or, you can unsubscribe now by clicking here.How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operations of our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long, as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, and of other uses.Third party links...Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our web site. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Service ProvidersAlbany Steel & Brass online services such as the Online Store use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is collected. To make purchases from these services, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Safari, Firefox, or Internet Explorer. Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal information while it's transmitted over the Internet.To make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Albany Steel & Brass employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. Hosting and/or development is provided by a PCI compliant Magento developer and host. Questions about security or abuse should be direct to Big Commerce Terms and ConditionsThis is an agreement between you and Albanysteel.com. This Agreement governs your use of any Web site or Web page operated by www.albanysteel.com (collectively the "Web Sites"). You represent that you are at least 18 years of age, that you have attained the age of majority in the province, state or country in which you reside, and that any information that you submit is correct.Albanysteel.com offers the use of the web sites to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of this agreement.Your use of the web sites constitutes your acceptance of this agreement.This agreement contains disclaimers of warranties and liability, and a limitation on time to bring a claim (see "disclaimer of warranties,""limitation of liability" and "you have a limited time to bring a claim," below.) These provisions form an essential basis of our bargain.Use of This SiteAlbanysteel.com may contain proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed.Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice.Albanysteel.com and their subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if albanysteel.com believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of  www.albanysteel.com.Conditions of Use
By using this site, you signify your agreement to the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this site.Albanysteel.com may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound.Disclaimer of Warranties
The materials on this Website are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Boltnutsandtools.com does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Albanysteel.com does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on this Website in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Albanysteel.com) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction.Links to other sites may be available for access through this home page. Such external Internet addresses contain information created, published, maintained or otherwise posted by organizations independent of Albanysteel.com. albanysteel.com does not endorse, approve or certify any information, product or service referenced or provided at such addresses.Limitation of LiabilityWhile albanysteel.com uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this Website, errors or omissions may occur.  Albanysteel.com makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this Website. Under no circumstances including, but not limited to, negligence by act or omission, shall albanysteel.com. or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this Website be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this Website, even if albanysteel.com or a albanysteel.com authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages.Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall albanysteel.com's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you for accessing this Website.Albanysteel.com assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages due to viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from this Website.You have limited time to bring your claim. You and albanysteel.com agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the albanysteel.com web sites must commence within six (6) months after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.Trademarks/Service Marks and CopyrightsImages displayed on this Website are either the property of, or used with permission by, albanysteel.com. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes on this page.This policy was last modified on 1/26/2012Privacy QuestionsIf you have any questions or concerns about Albany Steel & Brass Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us.Albany Steel & Brass, 1900 W. Grand Ave. Chicago, IL 60622 United States
×
OK
Copyright © 2020 Albany Steel & Brass Corp. All Rights Reserved.