http://www.nervous.co.uk/privacy-policy
This policy (together with any other documents we refer to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. Who we are“We” or “us” means Nervous Records, 5 Sussex Crescent, Northolt. Middx. UB5 4DL, U.K.If you wish to contact us, please use our contact form here - /contact_usBy contacting us, using our services or visiting our website, which is owned and controlled by us (“our site”), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy unless you inform us otherwise.Information we collect from youWe may collect and process the following data about you:Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide if you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.Information we collect about you. With regard to visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information we receive from other sources.We also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.We also receive information about you from cookies. Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region)
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below:If you would like to see a full up-to-date list of all cookies used by our website, you can use the following cookie-checking website https://sitebeam.net/cookielaw/test-your-compliance/  (other cookie-checking websites are available).Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.Uses made of the informationWe use information held about you in the following ways:Information you give to us. We will use this information to:
notify you about changes to our service.
ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device.
Where you have indicated to us that you are happy for us to do so, we may also use this information to:
provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those that you have already enquired about or receive from us; and
provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please leave the relevant box blank situated on the form on which we collect your data.
Information we collect about you. Examples of how we will use this information includes (but is not limited) to;
administer our services, and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, when you choose to do so;
keep our services, site and premises safe and secure;
measure or understand the effectiveness of our service.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).Disclosure of your informationYou agree that we can share your personal information with:
our suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them to allow us to provide services to you, and only where they are under a duty to deal with your personal data in accordance with the law; and
anonymously,  with  analytics  and  search  engine  providers  that  assist  us  in  the  improvement and optimisation of our site or business
We use third party processors and as such may share your information with them. The processing of this information will be in line with the third parties privacy policy. The third party processors we use are as follows:
www.waynebeauchamp.co.uk
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
www.waynebeauchamp.co.uk
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply of services and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or our safety, the safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal dataThe data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area. By providing us with your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and/or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or on secure servers operated by a third party. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.Your rightsYou have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will ask for your permission before collecting your data if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. If you have given us permission to disclose information about you to a third party, you may revoke that permission at any time by contacting us.You have the right (subject to certain restrictions) to request any of the following; we ask that you send such requests to our contact details as listed above:
Access – to access all the personal data we hold about you;
Erasure – that we erase all personal data we hold about you, if that data is no longer being used for the purposes you have consented to or if you revoke your consent;
Portability – to copy or transfer the personal data we hold about you to another party
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.Data retentionWe will not store your data for any longer than is necessary. If you are a user of our services, then your information will be held for as long as you continue to use our services. If you cease to use our services, your personal data will be anonymised for statistical purposes shortly after you stop using our services but you must inform us you no longer require our services otherwise we may not be aware of this.Changes to our privacy policy.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.