http://www.easternskatesupply.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy Statement sets forth the privacy policy pertaining to this Site, www.easternskatesupply.com which is owned by Eastern Skateboard Supply, Inc. (“Eastern”). By using this Site, you are agreeing to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy Statement. For other terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site, please review our Legal Statement.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy Statement, “Personal Information” means any information by which you can be personally identified, and includes your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address and the like. Some site pages may request Personal Information in order to help Eastern serve you more effectively. Eastern collects personal information only when you voluntarily submit such personal information to us, such as when placing a product order through the site.
For each visitor to the site, our web servers automatically recognize information regarding the visitor’s domain name (or that of the visitor’s access provider). Regardless of the purpose for which it is submitted, it is Eastern’s policy to maintain all personal information as confidential, and to use such personal information only for the following purposes:
for the specific purpose for which it was volunteered (for example, to complete a product purchase etc.);
to improve the content, appearance and utility of the site;
to track our visitors’ use of the site for internal market research; and
to notify our visitors of updates to the site.
to notify our visitors, via email, of product updates, tours, demos or anything else deemed relative to better serve the customer.
It is Eastern’s policy to keep personal information only for so long as needed for such purposes. At any time, you may obtain a summary of the personal information on record with Eastern, which has been collected about you via this site. Except for personal information we need to complete your purchase of products, you may request at any time that Eastern dispose of any or all personal information about you. In addition, at any time you may request: (i) that Eastern correct any such personal information; or (ii) that such personal information not be provided to third parties; or (iii) that such personal information be removed from Eastern’s marketing databases. To make any request described above, send an e-mail to customerservice@easternskatesupply.com, write to 6612 Amsterdam Way, Wilmington, NC 28405 or call 1-910-791-8240. When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact e-mail address, name, address and/or telephone number(s) in order to be sure we handle your request correctly.
Eastern reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy Statement at any time. You should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy Statement will mean that you accept those changes.
Become A Dealer
If you are a retailer and would like to open an account with Eastern Skateboard Supply, simply fill out our Dealer Application and complete the E595 tax exemption form. A salesperson will contact you shortly regarding your account.
Start Today
The Crew
Jocelyne Tracy
Sales Manager
910-202-3329
Chris Blair
910-202-3302
Andrew Willis
910-202-3334
Clint Childress
910-202-3303
News
Stay up to date on our latest news, events and featured products!
Read More