http://www.blanchardmachinery.com/privacy
About
My Blanchard
Pay My Invoice
Careers
Contact
844 BLANCHARD
Privacy Policy
Home . Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
Blanchard Machinery Company is committed to providing customers with the best value products and services, both in the field and online. We also recognize and respect your online privacy and are committed to protecting your data protection. This Privacy Policy describes our practices related to the use, storage, and disclosure of information we collect from you or about you when you visit our website: www.blanchardmachinery.com (our “Website”). This Privacy Statement is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations.
INFORMATION BLANCHARD GATHERS AND TRACKS
Blanchard Machinery gathers two types of information about users:
Information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic mail and from participation in permission-to-contact forms. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page.
Information Blanchard gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs and to help our sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. Providing such aggregated demographic data is helpful to keeping our service useful for users. Blanchard does not divulge any information about individual users to any third party.
USE OF INFORMATION
Blanchard Machinery uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic mail. Blanchard never shares mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We track search terms entered in the "Search" function as one of many measures of what interests our users, but we don’t track which terms a particular user enters.
Blanchard Machinery may create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for sponsors and partners. This allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. Because we don’t track the usage patterns of individual users, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific user clicked their ad. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SHARING OF THE INFORMATION
Blanchard Machinery uses the above-described aggregate information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience’s demographics. We will not share information about individual users with any third party, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
COOKIES
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Blanchard Machinery uses cookies to track user traffic patterns as described above. Our advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates.
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
CHILDREN
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
SECURITY
Blanchard Machinery operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Blanchard Machinery. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Privacy Policy
Equipment
Rental
Parts
Service + Repair
Technology
Industries
Financing
Specials
Locations
Share Content
2020 © Blanchard CAT | Privacy Policy | Email Us | Site Map
Kentico CMS Development by Reason One | Powered by Kentico