http://www.christmasstocking.com/security-privacy/
Top NavSeasonal-Promotions.com
Navigation
Home
Primary NavShop
Giant Christmas Stockings with Toys
Giant “Happy Holiday” Stockings with Toys
Unfilled Mesh Christmas Stockings (6 – 32 Inch)
Plush Christmas Stockings
Giant Christmas Teddy Bears
Pizza Promotions
Add-On Items
Business Promotions
Retail In-Store Promotions
Restaurant Promotions
Auto Dealership Promotions
Bank Promotions
Supermarket & Hardware Store Promotions
Chambers of Commerce Promotions
Casino & Bingo Promotions
Consumer Product Manufacturer Promotions
Charities & Fundraisers
Charities
Fundraisers
2020 Branded Toys
My Account
Track Your Order Status
Cart
Bernie’s Blog
Return to Content
Shopping online at ChristmasStocking.com is 100% safe & secure. In addition, we ensure security and protect your privacy.
Your Privacy:
At ChristmasStocking.com, we are committed to ensuring our clients a secure, private, and enjoyable online shopping experience. All customer information you provide to us will not be shared with any third party. We do not rent, sell or give out our client’s information. Your trust and satisfaction are of the utmost importance to us.
How do I know my information is safe?
The only time you will be asked for personal information is during checkout. During the checkout process (while on the “checkout” tab) you will be on our secure server. The only time it is safe to give your credit card or personal information online is when you are on a secure page, and dealing with a company you can trust.
How can I tell that the webpage I am on is secure?
When you are on secure webpage, you should notice in the bottom right corner of your browser or next to the address field, a “gold lock” or a “gold key” icon. You will also notice that the URL you are on no longer starts with “http://” but now starts with “https://” the “s” stands for secure. Both of these factors indicate that you are on a secure page.
ChristmasStocking.com uses 128-bit SSL (secure socket layer) encryption provided by Verisign (the world leader in internet security) and NetSuite. When you are on the checkout tab – which is a secure zone – you will be on the following URL: https://checkout.netsuite.com. Any information that is transmitted to us via this zone is encrypted so that no one can read it as it travels across the internet.
If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please email us and a member of our team will respond to you within 24 hours.
About UsContact Us
Shipping Policy
FAQs
Security & Privacy
Affiliates
Bernie the Stocking Blogger
I'm a fuzzy holiday blogging junkie.
I spend my days hanging out with elves and roaming the toy shop writing valuable information about the greatest holiday of them all -- Christmas!
Recent Posts
Giant Christmas Stocking Promotions Financial Institutions Can Bank On
5 Easy Ways to Generate Excitement for Your Giant Christmas Stocking Promotion
Fun Ways to Use a Giant Stocking as Gifts for Kids and Grand Kids
Casino and Bingo Parlor Promotions You Can Bet On