http://www.agfa.com/corporate/privacy-and-legal-notice/
Skip to content
Privacy and Legal Notice
Privacy and Legal NoticeJurgen Wauters2017-02-02T13:23:16+01:00
By using this website and the related websites you agree to comply with, and to be bound by, this privacy and legal notice document (“Legal notice”). Please review this Legal Notice carefully in view of the protection of your interests. If you do not agree with this Legal Notice, do not use this website.
Agfa reserves the right to modify these policies without explicit prior notice. Your only notice of such modification shall be the posting of the modified Legal notice on this web site. The user is therefore encouraged to review this Legal notice frequently.
Privacy Information At Agfa, a world-wide leading imaging company, we protect the privacy of our customers. Therefore Agfa has adopted this privacy policy. When you visit Agfa’s website, you may provide us with information about yourself or your company, such as your name and address, that we may need to correspond with you, process an order, or use in a survey.
If you choose to provide us with this information, be assured that Agfa will not intentionally distribute or sell that information to anyone outside the Agfa organization without your permission to do so, except if we sell the whole or part of our business. By using our website, you do consent to Agfa’s collection, processing and use of the information provided by you for the purposes of use and management of the Agfa web site in general, including the sending and receiving of electronic messages, the provision of services and support for Agfa products, the processing of orders for the courses presented by the website and the provision of information about the characteristics, services and products emanating from Agfa. Because Agfa is a global company, we may transfer information to other Agfa offices or subsidiaries around the world, to the extent necessary for the purposes described. Be ensured that all such entities are governed by this privacy policy.
We strive to collect and process only that information that we consider as necessary for our legitimate business interests. We further store the information only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes for which it was collected.
Agfa respects the Belgian law of 8 December 1992 regarding the protection of private life in relation to the processing of personal data and the Belgian law of 11 December 1998 which implements the EC Directive 95/46/CE of 24 October 1995 relating to the protection of individuals with regard to the processing and free movement of personal data.
Specifically in relation to commercial e-mails that promote Agfa products, Agfa shall respect article 14 of the Belgian Information Society Services law of 11 March 2003 and the Royal Decree of 4 April 2003 regarding commercial publicity by use of electronic mail. This legislation implements the current European legal framework in the field of unsolicited commercial e-mails.
Following this legislation, Agfa shall not use your personal data in order to send unsolicited commercial e-mails, unless you have explicitly given your consent to receive such e-mails.
At any time you will have the right to object to the use of your personal data for any direct marketing purposes. You can communicate this objection by letter addressed to our data protection compliance officer V. Dictus, Agfa-Gevaert NV, Septestraat 27, 2640 Mortsel, Belgium or by e-mail, or submit your request by a reply electronic mail message to the mail address contained in each e-mail we send you. After receipt of your objection, we shall send you a notice of receipt and we shall register your request. Your request shall imply that we shall not send commercial e-mails that would be considered as unsolicited.
You furthermore have the right of access to your personal data and the right to request correction of incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant data. Please contact V. Dictus, Agfa-Gevaert NV, Septestraat 27, 2640 Mortsel, Belgium or by e-mail if you want to review, remove or adapt certain data.
You understand that information transmitted over public networks may be accessed by third parties, and Agfa will not be liable for any such unauthorized disclosure. Further, you understand that Agfa may, at its discretion, use third-party service providers to administer web servers and to store such information on back-up disks, and that a service provider may without Agfa’s knowledge permit an unauthorized third party to do so on its behalf.
Cookies Cookies are small data files that are automatically stored on the hard disk of your computer in order to render access to the web site and the navigation faster and more efficient, and to customize this site according to your personal preferences, such as language preference. The information collected further permits Agfa to analyze traffic patterns on the website. This can enable us over time to provide a better experience on our site by improving content or personalization and making our site easier to use. Cookies are used to store the user name and all related info to ensure Single Sign On to all underlying systems, but they are not used to collect a visitor’s personal identifying information. When a user signs out, these cookies are removed. A cookie cannot be read by websites other than the website that produced it.
The configuration of most internet browsers allows you to accept or reject cookies, and to be alerted each time that use is made of a cookie. Subsequently you can decide whether to accept one or not. Rejection of the use of cookies can impair an optimal navigation of the site. Please refer to the help function of your internet browser for additional information.
Please be acknowledged that this site may contain links to other sites worldwide that are not governed by this privacy policy, nor by a similar protective legislation.
If you have any questions regarding Agfa’s Privacy Statement, please contact us: V. Dictus, Agfa-Gevaert NV, Septestraat 27, 2640 Mortsel, Belgium or by e-mail.
Downloadable Products Agfa protects its intellectual property, such as the downloadable software, screensavers or other items that can be downloaded from our web site. Even if software is provided for free, the user shall be aware that the use of the software is limited and fully governed by a licence that accompanies the software. The user shall only use the software in the manner and for the purposes for which it was intended.
Software, screensavers and other media of third parties that can be downloaded via links directly or indirectly provided by Agfa, shall not be regarded as items distributed by Agfa and Agfa does not assume any obligation in relation thereto.
Free Online Services Online services that are presented to the user for free are provided “as is”. Agfa shall not be responsible for the content of such services, nor for their non-availability or malfunctioning, nor for the use that any website user would make of such services.
Copyright All website design, text, graphics, data and the selection and arrangement thereof, as well as all guides, newsletters, software and any other items that can be downloaded through this website, are the sole property and copyright of Agfa, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of this website for non-commercial, private purposes only, such as for the purpose of placing an order with Agfa or using this website as a shopping resource. Any other use of materials on this website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, translation, distribution, or republication without the prior written permission of Agfa is strictly prohibited.
Copyrights for the photographs reproduced herein are vested with the individual photographers or Agfa, and may not be reproduced in any form without prior permission from the creators.
Trademarks “Agfa, the Agfa Rhombus and any other trademarks, service marks, trade names or logos displayed on this website are the property of Agfa-Gevaert NV, its affiliates or other third parties. Nothing contained in this legal notice nor in any text on this website shall be construed as granting by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the trademarks, service marks, trade names or logos appearing on the website without the express prior written consent of their respective owner.
Linked Sites This website may be linked to other websites which are not under the control of, and are not maintained by, Agfa. Agfa has not fully examined or analysed the content of such websites, which may furthermore change over time or disappear. Agfa is not responsible for the content of those sites and the link does not imply that Agfa agrees with its content. Agfa is providing these links to you only as a convenience and at your own risk, and the inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Agfa of those sites, nor does it imply any partnership or cooperation whatsoever between Agfa and the owners or operators of such linked sites.
The sender of any communications to this website or otherwise to the owners or operators of this website shall solely be responsible for the content and information contained therein, including its truthfulness and accuracy.”
General Information The Agfa web site is mainly intended for general information purposes and should only be used as such. Although Agfa makes an effort to offer information which is carefully selected and recent, this website should not be used as a substitute for any kind of specific professional advice where needed. No warranty nor representation, express or implied, is given as to the accuracy, relevancy, or completeness of the offered information, nor as to the suitability of the information for a certain purpose.
Price and availability information is subject to change without notice. All product specifications and service descriptions are subject to change without notice. Actual equipment may differ in appearance from images shown.
User Rights The user of this website undertakes i) not to make use of the website for illegal or harmful purposes; ii) not to prevent access to the website nor to disrupt or modify the website, nor to render the website less efficient or to cause damages to the website, Agfa or third parties; iii) not to make use of the website in order to transmit or distribute computer viruses or harmful, insulting or illegal information.
The Agfa website provides a forum where users can publicly give comments on different issues. The user is aware that the disclosure of certain information on message boards or forums may result in unsolicited emails being sent to his e-mail address by third parties. Agfa can not prohibit the sending of such emails by third parties and shall not be responsible for any emails that would be sent as a consequence thereof.
The user may provide links to the Agfa website, but such linking must be restricted to the Agfa home page only. Agfa does not permit “deep linking” without its prior, written consent.
All user rights that are not explicitly granted herein are reserved by Agfa.
Disclaimer AGFA IS PROVIDING THIS WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENTS ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS. AGFA DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN ADDITION, AGFA DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THIS WEBSITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT. NEITHER AGFA NOR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING ITS NON-AVAILABILITY OR BAD TECHNICAL FUNCTIONING, OR ARISING FROM THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, VIRUSES, HACKING-ATTACKS OR OTHER COMPUTER CRIMES. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO COMPENSATORY, DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME OR PROFIT, LOSS OF OPPORTUNITIES, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, PERSONNEL COSTS AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTUOUS ACTIONS, AND THIS EVEN IF AGFA WAS INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties. To the extent that certain legislation would be imperatively applicable, and such legislation would imperatively prohibit any of the exclusions mentioned above, these exclusions shall be considered as not applicable. In that case however, the exclusions considered as valid shall remain applicable.
Law and Jurisdiction The use of this website is governed by Belgian law. All disputes relating to or originating from the use of this website shall be exclusively submitted to the courts of (Antwerp, Belgium), which will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to such disputes.