http://www.fnbl.com/privacy-statement
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Skip Navigation
Toggle Navbar
Search (Header)
Search
Search
Menu
Services
Checking
Savings
Loans
Online Banking & Voice
...And More
Rates
ATM/Debit Cards
Calculators
Contact
Contact Us
Hours and Locations
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
First National Bank of Litchfield does not reveal specific information about our customers or their transactions to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use, unless the information is provided 1) to help complete a customer-initiated transaction, 2) to help administer the institution's bonafide business, 3) at the customer's request, 4) to comply with a legal requirement or 5) to a reputable credit reporting agency.
First National Bank of Litchfield's "Privacy Principles" will apply to customers' confidential and private information with regard to both traditional and online banking activities. However, due to the unique nature of the Internet and the ease with which information can be exchanged, First National Bank of Litchfield feels it is important for customers to be aware of the unique issues surrounding Internet Banking.
To better serve legitimate Internet Banking customers:
First National Bank of Litchfield collects generic information about visitors to our website. This information includes the date and time of access, the Internet service provider's address, the web browser used, and the visitor's physical location.
First National Bank of Litchfield requires customers to utilize multi-factor authentication for access to confidential and private information, such as login ID's, passwords, out of band authentication via Secure Code, and out of wallet authentication challenge questions. First National Bank of Litchfield reminds customers of their responsibility to be vigilant and safeguard all of their online identification information. In addition, commercial customers should carefully screen those employees to whom online access are granted.
First National Bank of Litchfield utilizes encryption, firewall, router, third party verification procedures and other security software and hardware to help prevent unauthorized eavesdropping of and access to customers' confidential and private information.
First National Bank of Litchfield utilizes virus protection software to help prevent the spread of computer viruses.
First National Bank of Litchfield may utilizes "cookies" and other identifying information (device hardware, software, IP address) to help authenticate our customers' identities and to help facilitate the exchange of information between the bank's system and our customers' system.
First National Bank of Litchfield reminds all of our customers that some links in the bank's website can lead to other websites not under our control. These websites will not necessarily comply with First National Bank of Litchfield's "Privacy Principles" and security standards.
First National Bank of Litchfield reminds all of our customers that confidential and private information may be compromised in both traditional and online banking activities. First National Bank can only establish policies and procedures to help restrict use of and access to confidential and private information. If any of First National Bank customers believe that confidential and private information has been compromised, please contact the bank immediately at (217) 324-2105 so that the potential breach can be investigated.
Visitors to this bank Website remain anonymous. We do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site. We may use standard software to collect non-identifying information about our visitors, such as:
Date and time our site was accessed
IP address
Web browser used
City, state, and country
The bank uses this information to create summary statistics and to determine the level of interest in information available on our site. Visitors may elect to provide us with personal information via e-mail, or online registration forms. This information is used internally, as appropriate, to handle the sender's request. It is not disseminated or sold to other organizations.
Some areas of our Website may use a "cookie" temporarily stored in the visitor's computer memory (RAM) to allow the web server to log the pages you use within the site and to know if you have visited the site before.