http://www.mace.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
search
icon-litecoin
icon-dogecoin
icon-litecoin
Lock icon
Shape
Shape
+
product_selector
shop
Shopify logo
Thank you for visiting our website. This policy discloses the privacy practices for www.Mace.com and applies solely to information collected through this website by Mace Security International, Inc. By using this website, you are accepting the practices and terms of use described in this policy. This policy as stated herein is effective from January 1st, 2013. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy and terms of use, please contact us.
Information Collection, Use and SharingWe collect personally identifiable information (such as names, postal addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, and credit card information), when submitted by our visitors and transacting customers. We collect and have access to information that you provide via on-line account registration and check-out, contact request forms, email, or other direct contact from you. The information you provide is used to fulfill your requests, payment and shipping of your orders, notify you of order status, communicate with you regarding our website or our business. We are the sole owners of the information collected and will not sell, rent, or share this information with any third party outside of our organization without your consent, other than as necessary to fulfill your requests or appropriate to comply with the law, fraud protection procedures, and credit risk reduction practices.When you provide personally identifying information to us, you can let us know that you do not wish to receive any mace marketing e-mail communications (newsletters, surveys, or special offers from mace). Each mace marketing e-mail communication will also have information available to allow you to opt out if you wish to not receive any further mace marketing e-mail communications.
CookiesWe use "Cookies" on this website. A cookie is a small piece of data transferred and stored onto your computing device by your web browser that enables our systems to recognize your computing device when visiting our website. The cookies we provide to your browser do not contain any personally identifiable information and in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our website. Cookies enable us to track and target your interests so we may provide you with special services and enhance your experience when visiting our website.Cookies simplify the ordering process by remembering information about you and allow the use of the shopping cart checkout for online ordering. If you do not wish to accept cookies from our website, the help feature in most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you choose to block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will be unable to sign-in and place online orders at our website. However, you may still contact us by phone during standard business hours and place orders with a customer service or sales representative.Third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from your website and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.
Data securityWe take every precaution to protect your personally identifiable information. When you submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "Https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.We also protect your information offline. Only authorized employees who require the information to perform customer service or support and finance accounting related functions are granted access to customer account information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Terms of useMace makes no representations concerning the legality of product applications including, but not limited to (1) the purchase, sale, or use of personal defense sprays by individuals in their respective states; and (2) the transmission and/or recording of video and/or audio signals of others without their knowledge and/or consent. We encourage you to check and comply with all applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations as it pertains to the proper purchase and use of personal defense sprays and engaging in any form of video and/or audio surveillance applications.Prices, specifications, availability, and warranty term of products on our website are subject to change without notice. All pictures, graphics, and descriptive content published on our website is protected by copyright and may not be reproduced for use without the prior written permission of mace personal defense & security, inc., or the respective copyright owner. The mace brand and logo are registered trademarks of mace security international, inc. Other trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names, whether registered or unregistered, may be proprietary to their respective owners.
Carry Confidence.
We led the product development that started the industry, brought it to people around the world and have been innovating ever since. When it comes down to your safety, it’s smart to trust the best.
GET THE FULL STORY