http://www.gilmour.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Homepage
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
Purpose. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe how Fiskars Brands, Inc. (“Fiskars”) collects, uses and shares information about you through our U.S. online interfaces (e.g., websites and mobile applications) owned and controlled by us, including www.fiskars.com (collectively referred to herein as the “Site”). Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. If you do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Policy, please feel free to Contact Us Online or as described at the end of this Policy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
Information We Collect and Why We Collect It
How We Use and Share Your Information
Access to Your Information and Choices
Security of Your Information
International Privacy Practices
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Questions and How Contact Us
Scope; Third Party Sites. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect at and through the Site, and certain Fiskars affiliated sites accessible through our Site are governed by their own separate privacy policies. Our Site also contains links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by Fiskars. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information.
Terms of Use. Please note that your use of our Site is also subject to our Terms of Use.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY WE COLLECT IT
Information You Provide To Us. You can provide information to us on our Site through various means, including:
Newsletter sign-up
Feedback forms
Contact us forms
Online email forms
Request for information forms
Online Chat
The information we collect includes personal information, such as
Name
Address
Email address
Telephone number (e.g., home, work, mobile)
Interest and hobbies
Other feedback you provide to us
Purchase and Payment Information. Users are able to purchase certain products through our Site. We use third-party service providers in connection with your shopping cart and checkout process. Please consult the privacy policy of the applicable third-party service provider for an explanation of their privacy practices and procedures.
No Information From Children Under Age 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register with us at this Site or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a child under the age of 13, please Contact Us Online or call us at 1-866-348-5661.
Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. The Google Analytics tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ us of the Site and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Fiskars. For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google’s website, and pages that describe Google Analytics.
Cookies. When you visit our Site we send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences and tracking user trends.
Pixel Tags. We may use “pixel tags,” also known as “web beacons,” which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of our websites. A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking activity on websites, or when emails are opened or accessed, and is often used in combination with cookies. A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears; the time the page containing the pixel tag was viewed; the type of browser that fetched the pixel tag; and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server.
3. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
To Provide Information. As described above, we collect information from you so that we can provide information about our products and services that you request from us. We use your personal information to contact you about your requests. We may send you information about our products and services, and new offerings.
We may use third parties to help host our Site, send out email updates about the Site, provide marketing and advertising services for us, remove repetitive information from our user lists, and process payments. These service providers will have access to your personal information in order to provide these services, but when this occurs we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to limit their use of that information to helping us provide the service. We use demographic information to better understand our customers, and improve our products and services.
Advertising and Marketing. We may use how you browse and shop in order to show you ads for Fiskars or our advertising partners that are more relevant to your interests.
Some websites may belong to ad networks that use your browsing history across websites to choose which ads to display on their sites; the displayed ads may include advertising for Fiskars. To learn more, and to opt out of seeing interest-based advertisements on these sites, visit the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance websites (www.networkadvertising.org and www.aboutads.info). Websites may also offer their own opt-out methods for interest-based advertising.
Your Consent. We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of the Fiskars when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information is a particular category of personal information relating to confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs or sexuality.
Legal Requests or Requirements and to Prevent Harm. We will share personal information with third party companies, organizations or individuals outside of Fiskars if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Fiskars, our users, customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control. If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Site to a third party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner. In such a case, unless permitted otherwise by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the promises made in the applicable privacy policy unless you agree differently.
4. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND CHOICES
If you have questions about personal information we have about you, need to update your information, or want to opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us, you can Contact Us or call us at 1-866-348-5661. You can also opt-out of receiving marketing emails by using the opt-out method included in our marketing emails. If you close your account, we will no longer use your online account information or share it with third parties. We may, however, retain a copy of the information for archival purposes, and to avoid identity theft or fraud.
5. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use trusted third party service providers to store your personal information. We require our service providers to utilize industry standard security safeguards and measure to protect the security and privacy of your information. However, since the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, neither we nor our service providers can guarantee, ensure, or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please note that e-mails and other communications you send to us through our Site are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means.
6. INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY PRACTICES
As a global company, Fiskars has separate privacy policies for its international offices. Fiskars websites, including websites directed to residents in countries and jurisdictions outside of the United States, are operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States. By using and accessing our Sites, residents and citizens of countries and jurisdictions outside of the United States agree and consent to the transfer to and processing of personal information on servers located in the United States, and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of your residence or location.
Residents of European Union
Residents of the European Union (EU) have additional rights set forth by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Although GDPR is intended to protect the personal data of those in the EU, these data management options apply to our collection, storage, use, disclosure, processing, deletion and management of EU personal data, if any, as well. If you are an EU resident and you wish to receive an electronic copy of your data or request the removal of your personal data from our site then, subject to certain limitations outlined in GDPR, you may do so by calling us at 1-866-348-5661.
7. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your consent in accordance with applicable law. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
8. QUESTIONS AND HOW CONTACT US
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or otherwise need to contact us, please Contact Us or call us at 1-866-348-5661. You may also contact us by mail at the following address:
Fiskars Brands, Inc.
7800 Discovery Dr
Middleton, WI 53562
Please direct product or warranty related inquires to us at warranty@fiskars.com.
Article
Interactive U.S. Planting Zone Map for 2019
Article
Growing and Caring for Beautiful Hydrangea Flowers
We’re as social as a backyard barbeque. Come on over.
Terms of Use | Privacy Statement Gilmour 7800 Discovery Dr
Middleton, WI 53562