http://www.animalintelligence.com/privacy-policy/
The leading expert in comprehensive, fully integrated custom electronic medical/health records and database solutions.
CONTACT US TODAY
Privacy Policy
Animal Intelligence Software Privacy Policy and GDPR Statement
Last Updated on 01/15/2020. This privacy policy is effective immediately.
PRIVACY POLICY
We never sell email addresses or any personal information of any kind. We only add you to our email list if you “opt in” and a customer of Animal Intelligence Software, so you will not receive our monthly newsletters without your consent.
If you have opted in to receive marketing emails, we will only use your contact information to send you news regarding products and services related to animalintelligence.com. You have the option to unsubscribe from marketing emails at any time from the bottom of every email we send.
U.S. – EU Privacy Shield
Animal Intelligence Software Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. This Section (U.S. – EU Privacy Shield) only relates to such information. Animal Intelligence Software Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles and is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Animal Intelligence Software Inc.’s accountability for personal data we receive under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfer to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, Animal Intelligence Software Inc. remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process personal data on our behalf to do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Animal Intelligence Software Inc. proves that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Animal Intelligence Software Inc. commits to resolve complaints about collection or use of your Personal Information. Individuals in the European Union with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Animal Intelligence Software Inc. via email at info@animalintelligence.com or via mail at 1922 Pottery Ave. Suite 200 Port Orchard, WA 98366 Attn: Privacy & Security Officer. For any Privacy Shield complaints that cannot be resolved with Animal Intelligence Software Inc. directly, Animal Intelligence Software Inc. has committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution/American Arbitration Association, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. For any Privacy Shield complaints that cannot be resolved with Animal Intelligence Software Inc. directly, please contact or visit the ICDR/AAA at www.icdr.org for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the ICDR/AAA are provided at no cost to you. As further explained in the Privacy Shield Principles, a binding arbitration option will also be made available to you in order to address residual complaints not resolved by any other means.
Compliance
The Animal Intelligence Software, Inc. website is designed to meet the principles of the GDPR. Here are some of the actions we’ve taken to ensure our compliance with GDPR:
We limit the personal data we collect;
We have established a legal basis for the processing of that data;
We only retain personal data for a limited time period, after which, the data is deleted, unless we are required by law to retain it longer.
Definitions
“Anonymous Information” means information that does not personally identify an individual, including aggregate demographic information.
“Cookies” means small files that are stored by your web browser to help a particular system recognize you and the pages you visited in a website. Animal Intelligence Software Inc.’s Website uses cookies to store your account information between sessions and to maintain information regarding how you navigate our website. Animal Intelligence Software Inc. does not collect any Personal Information from cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies but you can set your browser to refuse cookies, though you may not be able to use all the features of this website. Animal Intelligence Software Inc. may use third party cookies (i.e. a cookie planted by a third party such as Google).
“Customer” means an entity which receives services from Animal Intelligence Software Inc. pursuant to a written agreement.
“Information” means, collectively, Personal Information, Anonymous Information and Sensitive Information.
“Partner” means an entity which participates in the Animal Intelligence Software Inc. Partner Network Program pursuant to a written agreement(s).
“Partner Network Program” means one or more partner programs operated by Animal Intelligence Software Inc. allowing Partners to, among other things: refer prospective customers to Animal Intelligence Software Inc. and receive a referral fee or an on-going commission fee; maintain end-user relationships on Participating Partner contracts; or manage billing functionality for Customers.
“Personal Information” means information that can identify a person as a specific individual, such as name, phone number, email address, Social Security number or credit card number. Personal Information includes the information provided by Customers or Partners which may be necessary for Animal Intelligence Software Inc. to provide the Animal Intelligence Software Inc. services. Personal Information includes Personal Information provided by Partners.
“Sensitive Information” means personal information that reveals a natural person’s race; ethnic origin; political, philosophical or religious beliefs; trade union membership; information specifying a person’s sex life; or that concerns a natural person’s health or medical condition.
How Animal Intelligence Software Inc. Collects Information
Personal Information.Animal Intelligence Software Inc. may gather Personal Information in the following manner:
a. Personal Information may be provided to us on our websites through surveys, chats, contests, service inquiries, service orders, service requests, web based forms, or other means
b. You may provide Personal Information to us via telephone calls, emails or written correspondence;
c. You may provide Personal Information in connection with our Referral Program;
d. Personal Information may be provided in connection with the provision of services (including billing information) or a visit to any of our facilities. Such collection may be online or offline;
e. You may provide Personal Information in connection with a job application; and
f. Third party providers may provide Animal Intelligence Software Inc. with your Personal Information.
Partners.If you are a Partner, you represent and warrant that you have the right to provide Personal Information (which information may belong to prospective Customers) to Animal Intelligence Software Inc. and you acknowledge that such Personal Information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Anonymous Information.Animal Intelligence Software Inc. may gather Anonymous Information about you on our websites via automated technical means, such as Cookies and as described in the Google Analytics section.
Sensitive Information.Animal Intelligence Software Inc. does not collect any Sensitive Information nor does Animal Intelligence Software Inc. desire to receive any Sensitive Information.
How Animal Intelligence Software Inc. Uses Information
Personal Information.Animal Intelligence Software Inc. may use Personal Information to:
a. Process service requests and answer service inquiries;
b. Provide and change the services, including communicating with you about the services;
c. Process payments and provide accurate billing and shipping;
d. Maintain accurate accounts, manage Customer relationships, manage Partner relationships, provide Customer support and provide Partner support;
e. Market our products/services, including recommending products/services that might be of interest to you;
f. Improve our service offerings;
g. Improve this website;
h. If you are a Partner, to evaluate prospective Customers, quote services to you or to prospective Customers or to contact prospective Customers and/or the Partner;
i. Process your job application;
j. Process your referral as part of the Referral Program; or
k. Perform other functions as described at the time of collection.
Anonymous Information.Animal Intelligence Software Inc. uses Anonymous Information we collect for internal purposes, marketing purposes, to improve our services and this website and as set forth in the Google Analytics section above.
Animal Intelligence Software Inc. does not use or disclose information, including Personal Information, stored or transferred by Customers using Animal Intelligence Software Inc.’s services, except as may be set forth in the specific agreement with the applicable Customer. Nothing contained in this Privacy Policy shall be construed to alter any agreement with any Customer. For clarity, the data Customers or Partners choose to create, maintain or transmit utilizing the Animal Intelligence Software Inc. Services is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Sharing Information
Personal Information.Animal Intelligence Software Inc. does not disclose Personal Information to third parties except as set forth below. Animal Intelligence Software Inc. may share Personal Information with third parties:
a. When we work with businesses, partners or agents to provide services for you on our behalf or to help process or service your request or correspond with you. For example, Personal Information may be provided to a third party to verify the validity or credit limit of your credit card.
b. When we work with businesses, partners or agents to develop a direct relationship with you.
c. In connection with the Referral Program.
d. As may be required by lawful requests by public authorities (i.e. through a subpoena, search warrant, other legal process), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
e. When, in Animal Intelligence Software Inc.’s reasonable opinion, disclosure is required to enforce our legal rights or to protect the rights and safety of others.
f. In the event of a disclosure described in (a) or (b) above, Animal Intelligence Software Inc. ensures that the third party receiving Personal Information is contractually required to provide the same level of privacy protection as required by this Privacy Policy.
Anonymous Information.Animal Intelligence Software Inc. may share Anonymous Information with third parties.
Animal Intelligence Software Inc. will only use Personal Information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. To the extent necessary for those purposes, Animal Intelligence Software Inc. takes reasonable steps to ensure information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.
Contact possibility via the website
Our website contains contact forms that allow you to contact customer support, as well as direct communication with us via an email address. If you contact us by email or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted is automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data user to the data controller and is stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data user. There is no transfer of the personal data to third parties.
Cookies & Tracking Pixels
A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in email newsletters or websites which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, we may see if and when an email was opened by a data subject, and which links in the email were called up by data subjects. The website uses cookies to better understand our user’s experience while visiting animalintelligence.com or animalintelligencesoftware.com.au. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer or device that uniquely identify your browser or device. They make our site easier to use by helping to remember preferences and generally improving the browsing experience. These tags do not collect personal information, only browsing activity from this site. Our advertising partners or other third party partners may use these types of cookies to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests. This website uses Google Ads software Adwords to deliver related off-site advertisements. No personal data is collected in this process. This website also uses analytical software Google Analytics to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use animalintelligence.com or animalintelligencesoftware.com.au. Cookies do not store, save or collect personal information.
Direct Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving marketing communications at any time by unsubscribing from email marketing or by opting-out of any emails we may send to you.
Security
Animal Intelligence Software Inc. takes reasonable precautions to safeguard the Personal Information we collect from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Such measures apply generally to the Animal Intelligence Software Inc. systems and facilities rather than to particular Customer environments/systems. No system can be completely secure and Animal Intelligence Software Inc. does not guarantee that Personal Information will always remain secure.
Controller
Animal Intelligence Software, Inc. is the Data Controller of the personal information you provide to us and is covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation. You can contact us for general data protection queries by email to dataprotection@animalintelligence.com. Please advise us of as much detail as possible to comply with your request.
Data Protection Rights Under GDPR
If you are a resident of the European Union, you have certain data protection rights under the GDPR. Animal Intelligence Software, Inc. will take reasonable steps to allow you to access, review, update, rectify, or delete any personal data we hold about you.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
Right of access. The right to obtain access to your personal data.
Right to rectification. The right to erase or rectify inaccurate or incomplete data.
Right to erasure. The right to obtain the erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to portability. The right to move, copy, or transfer personal data.
Right to restrict processing. The right to restrict processing of personal data.
Right to object to processing. The right to object to processing of personal data for certain purposes.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us by email to dataprotection@animalintelligence.com. We may ask you to verify your identity before responding to these requests.
Transferring Data Internationally
If you are located within the EEA when you visit the Animal Intelligence Software, Inc. website, we may transfer your personal data outside of the EEA. When we do, we will ensure that an adequate level of protection is provided for the information by using industry-standard encryption at rest and in transit.
Legal Basis for Processing
If you are a user of the Animal Intelligence Software, Inc. website located in the EEA, we rely on legitimate interest as the legal basis for processing the personal data we collect via the website.
Modifications
We may update or modify this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to how we will collect, use and/or share Information. Our Privacy Policy will reflect the date it was last updated. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that do not affect Personal Information already collected by Animal Intelligence Software Inc., we will notify you by posting a notice of such changes on the privacy portion of this website. If Animal Intelligence Software Inc. intends to use your Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be notified via email. You will then have a choice as to whether or not Animal Intelligence Software Inc. may use your Personal Information in this different manner. Please check this Privacy Policy each time you use our Website to ensure you are aware of any changes in our practices.
Children’s Privacy
The Animal Intelligence Software, Inc. website was not developed or intended for individuals that are deemed to be children under applicable data protection or privacy laws, and we do not knowingly collect information from children.
Verification and Dispute Resolution
Animal Intelligence Software Inc. uses a self-assessment approach to assure our compliance with this Privacy Policy. We periodically verify that this Privacy Policy is accurate, comprehensive, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and is in conformity with the Principles.
For non-European Union individuals, if you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices or if you believe Animal Intelligence Software Inc. has operated in a manner inconsistent with or in violation of this Privacy Policy, please contact Animal Intelligence Software Inc. at info@animalintelligence.com or via mail at: 1922 Pottery Ave Suite 200 Port Orchard, WA 98366 Attn: Legal Department. Animal Intelligence Software Inc. will promptly investigate any suspected violations and will attempt to resolve any complaints in accordance with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy. If the violation or complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction, please contact AAA/ICDR (www.icdr.org) for an independent review and resolution of the issue.
Third Party Links and Policies
This Privacy Policy applies to this website and may not apply to other websites owned and operated by Animal Intelligence Software Inc.
This Website may contain links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links you are “moving” to another website. Animal Intelligence Software Inc. is not responsible for the information privacy practices or the content of these other websites. Animal Intelligence Software Inc. encourages you to read the privacy policies of these linked websites as their information privacy practices may differ.
QUICK LINKS
TESTIMONIES
PARTNERS
NEWS & ANNOUNCEMENTS
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
Online DemoSee for yourself! Call today for a FREE guided online demonstration.Contact Us Today