http://www.fargoelectric.com/privacy.html
Fargo Electric, LLC
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. In some cases, you may order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number and Credit/Debit Card Information (for orders only.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order for someone else and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name, Address and Phone Number.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself only to complete an order or fulfill a request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.
Fargo Electric, LLC
10205 Lapp Road
Clarence Center, NY 14032
| Close Window |