http://www.cartelelectronics.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome to the New Home of Cartel Electronics | APCT
QUOTE REQUEST   ASK AN APCT EXPERT
Menu
APCToverview
About APCT
APCT History
Management Team
Current Operations
Testimonials
Business Partners
APCT Reach
APCTcapabilities
Corporate Manufacturing Capabilities
Technology Comparison by Division
Military Facility Capabilities
Material Sets
APCTsupport
Customer Service Philosophy
Engineering Support
Inside Sales Support
ITAR FTP Procedure
Credit Terms Application
Credit Card Authorization
Customer Information Update
APCTquality
Quality Overview
Current Certifications
IPC 6012D Class Chart
Conflict Minerals Policy
Terms & Conditions for APCT Customers
Terms & Conditions for APCT Suppliers
APCTmedia
Ad Campaigns
Press Releases & Articles
Tradeshows
APCTblogs
APCTcontact
Contact APCT
Join Our Team
Locations
Directions
Global Solutions (Scroll Down)
Complete DFM Support (Scroll Down)
Rigid & Flex Technology (Scroll Down)
Advanced Cycle Times (Scroll Down)
Defense & Aerospace (Scroll Down)
APCT Coronavirus (COVID-19) | July 15th Update
Welcome to the New Home of Cartel Electronics
A Leading Manufacturer of High Reliability Printed Circuit Boards
As of January 2018, Cartel Electronics was acquired by APCT, a leading manufacturer of rigid printed circuit boards located in the heart of the Silicon Valley, Santa Clara California. APCT wants to assure all loyal Cartel Electronics customers that the People, Service Standards, and Production Capabilities associated with Cartel over the years will continue without interruption and will now become even more robust with the added support of APCT.
A BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO APCT
APCT, led by their President Steve Robinson, who has over 45 years in the business of circuit board manufacturing, operates under the motto “Say Yes!” Strive to say Yes to the customer’s technology needs and Say Yes to their production lead-time. APCT’s creed has long been the driving force behind our ability to excel and offer a Broad Range of Technology, including Complex High-Density Interconnect Designs and Cycle Times that greatly surpass industry standards.
WHY THE ACQUISITION
APCT studied and moved forward with the acquisition of Cartel not only because it gave the company more capacity, but it also gave regional sales and technical support to the entire customer base. An essential contributing factor for the acquisition lied at the core of Cartel Electronics, their people. This partnership came naturally with both companies sharing a special synergy, a mutual business philosophy of putting people first and striving toward continuous improvement of both customer service and production capability.
MOVING FORWARD
APCT will continue to move forward with Passion, Commitment, and Trust, providing complex rigid printed circuit boards both domestically & globally. The 140,000 square feet of combined factory space ensures the continuation of saying yes to our customer’s needs of technology and lead time. To our existing customers, welcome back. To our customers-to-be, we can’t wait to get to know you.
For more detailed information or to have a question answered immediately, let us guide you to the new APCT Website Here
ENTER YOUR INFORMATION TO RECEIVE APCT NEWS
CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
APCT Corporate Headquarters | Santa Clara | California | Ph: 408.727.6442
APCT Santa Clara HQ
3495 De La Cruz Blvd.
Santa Clara,CA
95054
Phone: 408.727.6442
APCT Anaheim
250 E. Emerson Ave
Orange,CA
92865
Phone:
714.921.0860
APCT Orange County
1900 Petra Lane
Placentia,CA
92870
Phone: 714.993.0270
APCT Wallingford
340 Quinnipiac Street #25
Wallingford, CT
06492
Phone: 203.269.3311
APCT Global
340 Quinnipiac Street #25
Wallingford, CT 06492
Phone: 203.284.1215
All Rights Reserved | © 2014 - 2020 APCT
We use cookies on this site. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer by websites. Cookies are widely used and help to optimize the pages that you view. By using this site, you agree to their use. Please view our Privacy Policy here and our Cookies Policy here. Cookie settingsOKPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.