https://www.shopkit.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Shopkit’s Cookie Policy
If you are reading this you found our website somehow. We hope to get you to visit our web site by creating quality products and services that are of interest to you.
Our products and services are really for other businesses and we do what any business owner tries to do, we like to figure out what works and what doesn’t and keep improving what we do.
So cookies help us monitor the volume of visitors to our websites, how you may have found us, where you came from and which pages you view when visiting our site. At this stage we do not know who you are, just that some people arrive from here and go there. We do not harvest or collect email addresses from website visitors. If you don’t contact us and give us your email, we don’t have your details.
Cookies enable us to use things like google analytics which help us improve on what we include on our websites.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to you and they do not contain personally identifying information. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
We use a number of different cookies on our site.  The list below describes the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage.
If you are not happy, then you should either: browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.), delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should refrain from using this site.
• First Party Cookies: These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
• Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information.We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
• When signing in to our online shop and using the Shopping Cart: We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and what you’ve put in the shopping basket.  A session cookie is a piece of text that is written to the browser’s memory when specific Web pages are opened (at the beginning of a session). This session cookie provides the authorisation details needed for you to use all the functions on the Web site. After signing out or closing your browser (to end a session), the session cookie is deleted.
These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.  More information on session cookies and what they are used for at www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html