http://www.search-value.com/privacy-policy
: +91-120-433-8452
:
+1-978-609-7199
: +39-393-950-4824
We
Grow
SEO Consulting
Media Consulting
Companies
Let’s Talk
Rankings > Traffic > Conversions
Our proven search engine optimization processes have helped our clients in gaining prominent organic search engine placements even in very competitive markets, thus driving targeted traffic to their web properties and generating quality leads
Privacy Policy
What personally-identifiable information is collected?
Search Value is committed to protecting the privacy of the personally-identifiable information that we collect from you as you use this Web site (the “Site”). The scope of Search Value’s commitment is detailed in this Privacy Policy. By submitting information, you agree to Search Value’s use of such information as described herein. Please see our Terms of Use for more information about our on-line policies in general.
How my Personal Info be used?
Search Value uses your Personal Info to fulfill your requests for information, to process your requests to participate in events, and to review and consider any employment-related inquiries that you may submit. We may keep any of your Personal Info on file and use it to contact you for recruiting purposes. Search Value may also use Personal Info in analyzing Site user behavior in order to measure interest in specific items posted on our Site. The e-mail addresses provided at registration allow Search Value to send e-mail to individuals based on the areas of interest that they indicate during the registration process. Search Value uses Personal Info collected from cookies and IP addresses as described below. Search Value may provide your Personal Info to any of its affiliates worldwide for such purposes.
Is personally-identifiable information disclosed to third parties?
Search Value will not intentionally disclose (and will take commercially reasonable steps to prevent the accidental disclosure of) your Personal Info to third parties (i.e., persons or entities that are not affiliates of Search Value), whether for such third parties’ marketing purposes or otherwise, subject only to the following four exceptions:
Search Value may disclose your Personal Info to third parties as required or permitted by the laws, rules, and regulations of any nation, state, or other applicable jurisdiction.
Search Value may disclose your Personal Info to third parties who deliver information from us to you for the purpose of performing such delivery.
Search Value may disclose your Personal Info if, in connection with submitting the information, you consent to such disclosure.
Search Value may disclose contact information for you in response to inquiries by bona-fide rights owners in connection with allegations of infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights arising from information you have posted on the Site or otherwise provided to Search Value.
If Search Value and/or any of its affiliates merges with or sells substantially all of its assets or a majority of its equity to a third party, information collected by Search Value or such affiliates on their Web sites may be disclosed to and owned by the merged entity or third party.
Links to third-party sites
We may provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our users. In addition, some of the content appearing to be on this Site is in fact supplied by third parties, for example, in instances of framing of third- party Web sites or incorporation through framesets of content supplied by third-party servers. We cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection and privacy practices of such third-party Web sites, which may differ from those of this site.
How can I access, change, and/or delete information?
You may access, correct, update, and/or delete any Personal Info that you submitted to the Site. You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on the Site. To do so, please either follow instructions on the page of the Site on which you have provided such information or subscribed or registered.
Security
Search Value has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect Personal Info from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Only authorized Search Value personnel are provided access to Personal Info, and these employees are required to treat this information as confidential. Despite these precautions, Search Value cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your Personal Info.
Consent
By using the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the Site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
The information contained in this website (including, but not limited to, directories, guides, news articles, opinions, reviews, text, photographs, images, illustrations, profiles, audio clips, video clips, trademarks, service marks and the like, collectively the “Content”) is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
While we endeavor to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
By accessing Search Value site, a user agrees not to modify, publish, transmit, transfer, sell, reproduce, create derivative work from, distribute, repost, perform, display or in any way commercially exploit any of the Content. You agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions attached to any content accessed through the Search Value website.
Avail Latest news and upcoming trends of digital marketing industry.Subscribe to our newsletter today and get ahead of time - Being Digital means Being informed
Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media Marketing
Search Engine Marketing
Brand Management
Reputation Management
Contact Us
Name*
Email*
Subject
Message
CAPTCHA Code:*
Leave this field empty
Recent Posts
Contact Us
India : +91-120-433-8452
USA : +1-978-609-7199
Italy : +39-393-950-4824
About Us
Search Engine Optimization
Search Engine Marketing
Brand Management
Third Party Policy
Our Offices
Contact Us
SEO Consulting
Google Advertising
Social Media Marketing
Online Reputation Management
Web Consulting
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
COPYRIGHT © 2007-19 Search Value, All Rights Reserved