https://www.customerparadigm.com/shopify-help/
303.473.4400
/
Toll Free: 888.772.0777
Need Shopify Help?  Hire Trusted Shopify Experts To Help Grow Your Store.
Since 2002, we’ve completed more than 12,600 projects in web development, digital marketing, and eCommerce.
If you need help with your Shopify store, Customer Paradigm can help your Shopify business grow.
Work with our team of experts and their many hours of eCommerce development experience to increase your store’s sales, site traffic, and conversion rates.
Contact us for a free Shopify store audit and a no-obligation consultation. We are Shopify Certified and based in Boulder, Colorado. We can offer you Shopify assistance with:
Store Build or Redesign
General Shopify Help
Shopify Development Help & Support
Visual Branding for your Shopify Store
Shopify Conversion Rate Optimization
Shopify Search Engine Optimization
GET SHOPIFY HELP TODAY »
Have A Real Person Contact Me About Shopify Help:
First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*
How can we help?Yes, please have a real person contact me now.CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Free, No Obligation Consultation About Shopify eCommerce and Digital Marketing:
Call Today! 303.473.4400
Toll Free: 888.772.0777
How Customer Paradigm can help you succeed on Shopify?
We can help your Shopify store by taking your online business to the next level. With search engine optimization (SEO), conversion rate optimization (CRO), website redesign and development, and paid online advertising. There are many marketing avenues for your business to engage in. However, we use the right set of tools and the proper practices to ensure your Shopify projects are a success.
Shopify Store Design Help
Need help building your online store?
Our Shopify experts who can assist you in setting up, build, and redesign your store. We can also help you build brand loyalty and seamless user-experiences by designing elegant and intuitive eCommerce websites. Achieve stunning growth through strong design and powerful technology. Let us assist you with:
Free, quick, no obligation Shopify site audit
Shopify eCommerce development
UX/UI design
eCommerce strategy
Site speed optimization
Website migration
Theme customization
Get Shopify Help»
Shopify
Online Advertising
Looking to advertise your Shopify Store?
We aim to save you money, boost online sales, and make your Shopify site marketing more effective. We’ve had experience maximizing campaigns with Google Ads since 2002, and we know the right strategies that can make your Google Ads more effective and keep you from wasting money. With us, you will receive:
A free, Google Ads Account Analysis
An opportunity to save you money on Google Ads
No long-term contracts
Pricing by the hour ($100/hour), by project, or based on performance
Remarketing
Call-To-Action Strategy
Copywriting
Get Started Here»
Growth Management
Need more visitors to your Shopify store?
Search Engine Optimization and online ads work better together. Using a data-driven approach, we can help your Shopify store grow, assist in brand building, and address all your eCommerce needs. Once we bring those visitors are on your site, we can help you sell more on Shopify. Some services we offer:
Organic Search Engine Optimization
Paid Advertising (Google Ads, Facebook Ads, Instagram)
Conversion Rate Optimization
Social Media Marketing
PR / Media Outreach
Copywriting & Long-form content
Learn More Here»
We’re here to help your eCommerce business thrive on Shopify
Customer Paradigm’s Shopify experts can help your eCommerce business grow and sell more.  We will nurture your business from the start to help you achieve your goals, increase your conversions, and build your brand.
Located in Boulder, Colorado, we are happy to review your current site at no charge – we’re here to increase your Shopify sales, conversion rates, and overall revenue.
Top-tier development and innovative marketing – contact us today to kick-start your next growth curve.
Get Shopify Help Today
Make your vision for your Shopify store a reality
Our team of UI/UX and Certified Developers can help your vision become a reality. Let us help you build your brand, design your website and make your store known worldwide. We specialize in creating stunning custom Shopify design and code. Make your store look and function how you want.
We are happy to review your current site at no charge and provide UI/UX recommendations that will improve the aesthetics and which will assist in boosting conversions rates.
Get Shopify Help Today
Company Headquarters5353 Manhattan Circle Suite 103 Boulder, CO 80303303.473.4400  /  Toll Free: 888.772.0777
Please Have A Real Person Contact Me Now:
First:*Last:*Phone:*Email:*
Comments:Please have a real person contact me now.CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Privacy Promise & Policy
What can Customer Paradigm do for your online business?
Marketing Integration
We can help you sell your products and services with ease
Our expert marketing consultants understand your needs. Let us help you market your site and fully integrate to create a flawless experience for you and your customers. We offer:
Email Marketing Integration
Strategy Implementation
Feed / Product Listings
Third-Party Marketplaces
Shopify Site Support
Need Additional Technical Site Support?
We can help you with the functionality, inner workings, and provide back-end navigation of your Shopify site. Working with our development experts, you will receive access to:
Qualified Expertise
No long term contracts
Content Creation
Research & Analytics
Shopify Site Migration
Already have a previous design? Looking to move?
If you’re looking to make the switch to the Shopify platform, our experts can help you with your site migration and help you manage your customer base while you change platforms. We understand that moving your website to a new platform can be a hassle. However, Customer Paradigm will make the process as quick and painless as possible for you. Our Shopify Migration team will ensure your website, products and information are transferred safely to your new platform.
Rebranding Strategy
Want to Change Your Brand? Now You Can.
If you need to rebrand, change your store name, upgrade your logo and look and feel for your site, call us today for help with Shopify. Our talented, creative team can guide you through the process, and craft strategies to provide an all-new amazing customer experience like no other.
Web Design Services
Struggling with Web Design? Not sure where to start? Can't find that perfect theme?
We understand that web design may not be your strong suit. No worries,we’re here to help. Even with Shopify’s “click and design” features, we have the skills to help bring your vision to life. Our dedicated web design team has over 30 years of experience and can bring your creation to life. Together, we can assist you in site layouts, theme changes, graphics, and much more.
Shopify Store Customization
Make your vision come to life with a custom build
Perhaps you already have your site designed, but aren’t sure where to progress from there. Our skilled team can help you with custom coding/designs to improve the experience, feel, functionality, and layout of your Shopify site.
Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO)
Raise Conversion Rates | Boost Your Revenue
Customer Paradigm is a big-believer in Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO). Our agency located in Boulder, Colorado is dedicated and determined to help you sell more on Shopify.
Let our Shopify CRO specialists and digital marketing consultants manage your eCommerce store and use our creative expertise to increase your store’s sales and conversion rates.
Search Engine Optimization
Need an SEO Expert? | Rank Organically
We are SEO experts who can help you create content and inbound SEO strategies that will allow you to rank organically in Google.
We have experience and use the latest and greatest strategies. We implore “Google’s Best Practices” when we are working on your campaign, keywords, artificial intelligence systems, and machine learning so that we can generate actual results based on data.
Social Media Marketing
How Versatile is your Marketing Strategy?
Social Media allows for your brand personality to be shown on a daily basis to your customers, both existing and new. Social Media often fails to show results for businesses due to the lack of strategy and analytical tools available. However, with a well-formulated strategy and proper integration, there can be an endless success. Social Media provides the ability to connect with customers on a personal level, build your brand’s recognition, and earn their loyalty. Together, we are able to provide lightning-fast customer service and increase their user experience with your brand, even on Shopify.
Get Shopify Help Today
Since 2002, we’ve completed more than 12,600 successful projects for our customers.
The following are a few notable clients. Many others can be found here.
Need help acquiring new customers?
From paid advertising, search engine optimization, campaign management, to website design and coding, we have you covered.
Learn More
Need help retaining existing customers?
Our retention experts can help you manage social media, email re-marketing, blog and content writing and more!
Learn More
Need help building customer interactions?
From one hour to one-thousand hours, our developers can craft a unique identity and website for your business.
Learn More
First:*Last:*Phone:*Email:*
Comments:Please have a real person contact me now.CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Free, No Obligation Consultation About Shopify eCommerce and Digital Marketing:
Call Today! 303.473.4400
Toll Free: 888.772.0777
Customer Paradigm
4.87 out of 5
based on 55 ratings. 34 user reviews
Please Have A Real Person Contact Me Now:
First:*Last:*Phone:*Email:*
Comments:Please have a real person contact me now.NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
About Us
Submit Support Request
Contact Us
Magento
SEO
Software
Services
Portfolio
Articles
Blog
SiteMap
Login
Whitepaper
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 Customer Paradigm
Pin It on Pinterest