http://www.kaytee.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information Collected
Non-Personally Identifiable Data
Any time you visit this website (“Site”), we may gather certain non-personally identifiable information regarding the means you use to access our site and where you go on our Site. This information may include the type and version of your browser, your service provider, your IP address, and any search engine you may have used to locate the site. We may use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Site, and compile broad statistical data.
Information Voluntarily Provided
Any information you provide to us (i.e., name, e-mail address, etc.) when you request information, or use any of the other interactive portions of our web sites, is securely maintained on our web server and internal systems. This information may be used to provide you with information you've requested about our company, our products and our services, or to provide you with special notices. You may opt out of receiving future communications at any time (see Opt-Out Procedures below).
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may in the future receive information about you from other sources. We will maintain any such information in accordance with the standards set forth in this privacy policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Information about our Site visitors is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We may share your information only as described below and with subsidiaries that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
Business Partners
We may partner with select retailers and other companies at various times to provide expanded services to our Site visitors. As part of such a relationship, we may share with these companies the use of certain interactive Site functions.  Information provided by our Site visitors through the use of such interactive functions may be available to both us and our partners.
Agents
We may use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf (e.g., administering e-mail services). Such parties only have access to the personal information needed to perform these functions and may not use or store the information for any other purpose. You should not receive unsolicited e-mail messages from agents working on our behalf.
Business Transfers
In the event that we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired, Site visitor information will most likely be one of the transferred assets. However, such transferred information will remain subject to the terms of any pre-existing Privacy Policy of Central Garden & Pet Company.
Compliance with Law/Safety
We may disclose specific personal information based on a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or protect the rights, property, or safety of Central Garden & Pet Company, along with its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliated and/or related companies.
With Your Consent
Other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified when any personally identifiable information about you may be shared with third parties, and you will be given the opportunity to decline to share that information.
Children
If you are under the age of 18, you are welcome to use this Site. However, you must obtain the approval of a parent or guardian before you submit any personally identifiable information to this Site.
We Make Use of Cookies
We send "cookies" to your computer and use such cookies as described here. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and make the service easier to use for our members. We do this by storing user preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends - for example, we use cookies to allow you to automatically log in to the service after the first user session. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that some parts of this Site may not function properly if you refuse cookies.
External Links
This Site may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site you visit via a link from this Site.
Opt-Out Procedures
You may always opt-out of receiving future communications from us by adjusting your communication preferences on our Site.
Notification of Changes
This privacy policy may be revised over time as new features are added to this Site and as Internet privacy standards evolve. We will post all changes to this policy on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the policy's effective date. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.