http://www.aaeg.com/aai-terms.htm
AAEG TERMS OF USE
American Artists Entertainment Group On-Line Terms Of Use
Welcome to American Artists Entertainment online, American Artists Entertainment Group,inc., its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies ("American Artists") maintain this site (the "Site") for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials.
You May Not   however, record or use a CD/DVD burner nor print using a Adobe pdf print script, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without American
Artists Entertainment Group, inc. written permission.
Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Site.
Terms and Conditions
1. You should assume that everything you see or read and hear on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted, and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions without the written permission of American Artists neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by American Artists.
2. While American Artists Entertainment Group Inc. uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on the Site, American Artists makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. American
Artists, Inc. and affiliate's, American Artists International, AAI, American Artists Entertainment, American Artists Entertainment Group, East Coast Records,
Hit Makers Independent (HMI) Record Promotion - CD Manufacturing, Distribution and Marketing,
East Coast records,(ECI)- Probability Records,
UpStage Radio (show) Productions,
Antone Productions and film distribution assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
3. Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither American Artists nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. American Artists Entertainment Group, Inc. also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
4. While we are always happy to hear from you, it is American Artists, Inc. policy not to accept or consider creative materials, ideas, or suggestions other than those we specifically request. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed independently. Therefore we must request that you do not send to us any original creative materials such as screenplays, stories, original artwork, original song lyrics or music etc. Any communication or material you do transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by American Artists, Inc. or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, American Artists, Inc. is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
5. Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, American Artists,Inc. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
6. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of American Artists, Inc. and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of American Artists, Inc. or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that American
Artists ,Inc. will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
7. American Artists, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
8. Although American Artists, Inc. may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, American Artists is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. American
Artists, Inc. will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing American Artists, Inc. to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
9. American Artists, Inc. respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Sites. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from users of its Sites. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of American
Artist's Internet servers. Information, such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your domain name is gathered in order to customize your online experience. Other uses of this information include internal review of the number of users to the Sites, but only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifiable form. This data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Personally identifiable information that may be collected in connection with your voluntarily filling out content and fan club forms is retained by American Artists, Inc. and is not sold or otherwise transferred outside the company without your prior consent. This information may be used to better understand your use of the Sites and to support advertising transactions made on the Sites.
FOR PARENTS CONCERNING PRIVACY:
American Artists Entertainment Group AAEG.COM Sites are specifically designed for performing artists in the entertainment fields, and not for children. American Artists, Inc. requires children to consult with their parents before furnishing data. However, American Artists, Inc. believes that parents should supervise their
children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that may help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools may also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission. Personal information about or obtained from a child will not be used for commercial or trade purposes without the prior written consent of a parent or legal guardian of the child.
10. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold American Artists, Inc. and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers and licensors (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection with any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions. American Artists, Inc. reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with American Artist's defense of such claim.
11. The Sites are controlled and operated by American Artists Entertainment On-Line. from its offices within the State of New Jersey, United States of America. American Artists, Inc. makes no representation that materials in the Sites are appropriate or available for use in other locations and other countries. Those who choose to access the Sites from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such State. Any action you, any third party or American Artists Entertainment Group On-Line, bring to enforce this agreement or, in connection with, any matters related to this site shall be brought only in either the state or Federal Courts located in Camden County, New Jersey, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by American Artists, Inc.
12. Software from this Site is further subject to United States Export Controls. No software from this Site may be downloaded or exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (ii) anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
13. American Artists Entertainment Group,inc. may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Copyright
© American Artists Eentertainment Group,inc. 1998-2016 - All rights reserved