http://www.taylor-company.com/en/utils/privacy-policy/
Our Products
Soft Serve & Frozen Yogurts
Milkshakes
Smoothies
Slushes
Frozen Cocktail
Batch Desserts
Commercial Grills
Product Spotlights
MagnaBlend® Series
Zamboozy
SLIM7 Series
C708SHK
RAM Freezers
Parts & Service
Serving You
Genuine Parts
Our Commitment
Authorized Service
Built to Serve
28HT & Brush Butler
Your Business
Businesses
ConsultantsConvenience Store
On-site Dining
HealthcareEducationBusiness & IndustryMilitary
Restaurant
QSRCasual DiningFamily Dining
Specialty
Bakery/CafeIce Cream ShopFrozen Yogurt Store
Entertainment/Leisure
Theme ParkCinemaSports VenueCruise Line/Resort
About
Taylor Company
History
Vision & Values
Worldwide Locations
News & Events
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Distributor Login
Find Your Distributor
Resources
Specs & Manuals
Videos
Financing
Home
Coronavirus Update
Distributor Login
Our Products
Soft Serve & Frozen Yogurts
Single Flavor
Multi-Flavor
Combination
Heat Treatment
Milkshakes
Single Flavor
Multi-Flavor
Combination
Heat Treatment
Smoothies
Single Flavor
Multi-Flavor
Slushes
Frozen Carbonated Beverage (FCB)
Slush
Frozen Cocktail
Frozen Cocktail
Frozen Carbonated Beverage (FCB)
Slush
Frozen Cocktail
Batch Desserts
Batch
Custard
Commercial Grills
Two-Sided Grills
Product Spotlights
MagnaBlend® Series
Zamboozy
SLIM7 Series
C708SHK
RAM Freezers
Parts & Service
Serving You
Genuine Parts
Our Commitment
Authorized Service
Built to Serve
28HT & Brush Butler
Your Business
Consultants
Convenience Store
On-site Dining
Healthcare
Education
Business & Industry
Military
Restaurant
QSR
Casual Dining
Family Dining
Specialty
Bakery/Cafe
Ice Cream Shop
Frozen Yogurt Store
Entertainment/Leisure
Theme Park
Cinema
Sports Venue
Cruise Line/Resort
About
Taylor Company
History
Vision & Values
Worldwide Company
News & Events
FAQs
Careers
Contact Us
Resources
Specs & Manuals
Videos
Financing
Careers
Find Your Distributor
PRIVACY NOTICE
Taylor Company is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to its website. Taylor has implemented technical, administrative, and physical measures to safeguard any personal information that we may collect.
This taylor-company.com web site, including any sub-site accessible through the homepage, is operated by Taylor (collectively, the “Site”). This privacy notice applies to this Site only. This Site is intended for visitors who are at least 18 years of age. Taylor does not knowingly solicit information from, or market products or services to, children. If you are under the age of 18, do not enter your personal information on this Site or any other Taylor website.
What personal information does Taylor collect?
Taylor monitors user traffic patterns throughout the Site according to a user's domain name, browser type, date and time of access, and pages viewed. Our web servers collect the domain names but not the e-mail addresses of visitors, unless visitors voluntarily complete and submit a form through this site providing their email address. This information is collected in order to measure the number of visitors to our Site and to determine which areas of the Site users find useful based upon the amount of traffic to particular areas. Taylor uses this information to enhance users' experience at the Site and to better prepare future content based on the interests of users.
A user may have the option to submit a question, concern and/or request via the Site using a customer service/contact form. The user is required to provide their name, email address, and contact information so that we can answer their question, concern and/or request or contact them. You may choose to provide additional information that we request as well. This information is collected by Taylor and Taylor may use any of the information it collects to create and publish website or application content most relevant to you, as well as for the other purposes described in this Notice.
How does Taylor use the personal information it collects?
Any personal information collected will only be used to:
provide the information, item, or service you have requested;
respond to a “contact us” inquiry or question from you;
communicate with you about products, services, and events related to Taylor;
improve our products, services, and websites, including the Site;
inquire about your views through surveys;
verify your identity to ensure security for one of the other purposes listed here;
ensure or enhance the security of Taylor’s electronic systems;
protect against fraud; and
conduct investigations to ensure compliance with, and comply with, legal obligations.
Taylor may combine the data that you provide with other data that it possesses to accomplish any of the tasks above.
Because Taylor is a global company with locations in many different countries, we will transfer your personal information to the United States and we may transfer your information from one legal entity to another or from one country to another, in order to accomplish purposes listed above. We will transfer your personal information consistent with applicable legal requirements and only to the extent necessary. If you do not want your information transferred to other legal entities or transnationally, including to countries that may not have been deemed “adequate” by the European Union, please do not provide us with your personal information. If you choose to provide us with your personal information, we will treat that action as consent to transferring your personal information to other companies and other countries as described in this notice.
Does Taylor use your personal information to contact you?
Taylor may use the personal information you provide to contact you about new products, promotions, special offers, and other information which may be of interest to you. Taylor will ensure that any email or other marketing communications sent by electronic means will provide a simple method for you to opt-out or unsubscribe.
Does Taylor share the information it collects with any third parties?
Taylor will not sell or otherwise share your personal information outside the Taylor family of companies, except to:
service providers Taylor has retained to perform services on our behalf. Taylor will only share your personal information with service providers with whom Taylor has contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements;
Taylor’s authorized distributors and end user customers as necessary or helpful to respond to any questions, comments, concerns or suggestions that you make;
comply with legal obligations, including if we are required to do so by law, in response to a legitimate legal request from law enforcement authorities or other government regulators;
investigate suspected or actual illegal activity;
prevent physical harm or financial loss; or
support the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including through bankruptcy).
How does Taylor use cookies or other tracking technologies?
Taylor may use cookies on this Site. Cookies are small text files sent to and stored on users’ computers that allow websites to recognize repeat users, facilitate users’ access to sites, and allow sites to compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies do not damage users’ computers or files. If you do not want cookies to be accessible by this Site or any other Taylor website, you should adjust the settings on your browser program to deny or disable the use of cookies. With cookies, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable.
How can you access, correct, or change your personal information?
Taylor allows users to access, correct, or change information submitted to Taylor or to report problems with the Site or to pose questions or concerns by submitting a contact us form through the site. You should use the same contact information to revoke consent to our continued use of your personal information.
If you make a request to review a copy of your personal information, Taylor will require proof of identity to ensure that we are protecting your privacy in responding to access requests. Additionally, applicable law may permit Taylor to charge you a nominal sum in order to cover administrative costs in responding to your request.
What should you understand about the third party links that may appear on this Site?
In some instances, Taylor may provide links to non-Taylor controlled websites. However, Taylor does not control such third-party websites, and cannot be responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
What additional information should Site users in California know?
Annually California residents may request and obtain information that Taylor shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing use within the prior calendar year (as defined by California’s “Shine the Light Law”). If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which Taylor shared this information in the immediately preceding calendar year. To obtain this information, please send an email message to marketing@taylor-company.com with “California Shine the Light Privacy Request” in the subject line as well as in the body of your message.
How might Taylor change this notice?
As Taylor expands and improves this Site, we may need to update this notice. This notice may be modified from time to time without prior notification. We encourage you to review this notice on a regular basis for any changes. Substantive changes will be identified at the top of the notice.
How can you contact Taylor?
If you have any comments or questions or if there are other things we can do to maximize the value of this Site to you, please fill out the form found here; http://www.taylor-company.com/en/contact. If you have questions about Taylor’s privacy practices general, please fill out the form found here; http://www.taylor-company.com/en/contact
Updated by Taylor Company July 19, 2020.
© 2020 Taylor Commercial Foodservice, LLC. All rights reserved.
Your Distributor
based on your IP address
based on previously gathered information
Not your distributor?
Find by country/region
Country/Region
Select
Canada
Mexico
Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkino Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Chad
D.R.C.D.R.C.
Egypt
Ethiopia
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Ivory Coast
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Mali
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
Senegal
Sierra Leone
South Africa
South Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
American Samoa
Australia
Bangladesh
Brunei
Cambodia
China (mainland)
Cook Islands
Fiji Islands
Guam
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kazakhstan
Korea
Kosrae
Laos
Macau
Malaysia
Marshall Islands
Micronesian Islands
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nepal
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Pakistan
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Tahiti-French Polynesia
Taiwan
Thailand
Tonga Islands
Tuvalu Islands
Vanuatu Island
Vietnam
Western Samoa
Antigua
Bahamas
Barbados
Bermuda
British Virgin Islands
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Haiti
Jamaica
Netherlands Antilles
Puerto Rico
St. Lucia
Trinidad
Armenia
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Channel Islands
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
England
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Holland
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Isle of Man
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldavia
Monaco
Montenegro
Northern Ireland
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Scotland
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
Wales
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Nicaragua
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Venezuela
Bahrain
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Sultanate of Oman
United Arab Emirites
Yemen
Find by postal code
Contact Form
Just one more step
In order to view the PDF, please enter your email address below.
First Name
Last Name
Company
* Email Address
Please complete all fields
Submit
No Thanks
By entering your email, you may receive occasional product announcements, newsletters, promotional communications and other commercial electronic messages from Taylor Company. You may withdraw your consent or unsubscribe at any time. (your email address will never be shared with anyone else)
Thank you. We have received your submission.
Proceed to Download