http://www.promotional-product.co.uk/cookies-policy
Your Basket
0 items £0.00
Your Account
My Account
Call us on 0845 850 9827
Home
Shop By Categories
Writing
Highlighters
Paper Products
Pens & Pencils
Keyrings & Usbs
Usb Products
Key Rings
Drinking
Mugs & Bottles
Bags & Brollys
Umbrellas
Bags
Office Products
Desk & Office
Eco Products
Folders
Gifts
Toys & Games
Travel
Novelty
Lifestyle
Other
Corporate Gifts
Packaging
About
About Us
Contact Us
Any category
Bags & Brollys
Drinking
Gifts
Keyrings & Usbs
Office Products
Writing
Any price
£0.99 - £1.49
£1.50 - £1.99
£2.00 - £2.49
£2.50 - £2.99
£3.00 - £4.99
£5.00 - £6.99
£7.00 - £9.99
£10.00 - £14.99
£15.00 - £19.99
£20.00 - £26.99
£27.00 - £34.99
£35.00 - £44.99
£45.00 - £54.99
£55.00 - £69.99
£70.00 - £100.00
Home > Cookies Policy
& Conditions
Promotional Product Cookies Policy
Welcome to our policy on cookies, please read the following information on cookies carefully as your continued use of this website means that you agree with our use of cookies.
By visiting this website with your browser set to accept cookies we reasonably assume that you want to use our website and the functionality offered through our website; and that you consent to our use of cookies, as described in this policy. If you have visited this website with cookies disabled then some of the functionality of this website may not work as intended.
The information below describes how we use cookies and also provides you with the information required to modify your browser settings to control your browsers use of cookies.
What are browser cookies?
They are very small text files that are created by a website through a browser on your computer. They are used to help you navigate a website, identify preferences and perform specific functions, for example, you input a room’s dimensions into a text box on a website and the website then automatically calculates the materials required for each product page that you visit on that website.
Most websites these days use cookies to enhance the usability of the site and to make navigating a website easier and more intuitive, so disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain websites, or from using certain functions within a website.
When you use a browser to load a website that uses cookies, if the browser settings enable the use of cookies, it will allow the website to send a small text file, or cookie, to your computer’s hard drive. When you visit subsequent pages on the website it may use the information inside the cookie to provide certain functionality. When you revisit the website it may again request that cookie to further assist functionality within that website e.g. automatically remember the product you last looked at.
How we use Browser Cookies
We use cookies on this website for the following purposes:
Anonymously tracking page visits, hits, search terms, visitor locations etc. for statistical purposes, which help us to improve our services. We use Google Analytics to provide us with information about use of the website, examples of this statistical information would be how many visitors from United Kingdom we have had, how many visitors used Internet Explorer as a browser, how many pages were visited today, what words visitors search for to find our website etc.
Improving security on the website to prevent fraudulent activity and protect your personal information
Identifying visitors for login purposes. This ensure that you stay logged in on each page you visit, allows your browser to remember your login credentials, allows us to make recommendations based on your preferences or settings
Storing an anonymous reference to your shopping basket
Storing an anonymous reference to information you enter into the website e.g. to track popular search terms
Cookie control via your browser
If you want to control the use of cookies via your browser then we recommend that you use the help menu within the browser of your choice. Obviously there are many browsers available on a variety of devices, so it is difficult to provide you with precise instructions, but if you seek out the help menu and search for ‘cookie’ you should find the appropriate guidance for your browser.
Related Information
If you are looking for our website terms and conditions please see our Terms page.
Please visit our Privacy page for details of our privacy policy.
40 Group Ltd
Sully Moors Road Sully Vale Of GlamorganCF64 5RP
Call: 0845 850 9827
Email: sales@promotional-product.co.uk
Powered By:
Terms |
Privacy Policy |
Cookies Policy |
About Us |
Contact Us |
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 40 Group Ltd
Ecommerce Website Development by Designer Websites Ltd