https://www.dmcpas.com/privacy/
Assurance & Accounting
Audit
Review
Compilation
Employee Benefit Plans
Accounting Services
Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Audits
PCAOB/SEC Compliance & Reporting
Agreed Upon Procedures
SOC Services
International A&A Services
Internal Audit Outsourcing
Peer Review Services
Tax
Corporate & Individual Tax Planning
Corporate & Partnership Tax
Not-For-Profit Tax
Federal & State Credit Advisory
Sales & Use Tax Compliance and Audits
International Tax
Individual Tax
IRS Dispute Resolution
Trusts & Estates
Multistate Taxation & Nexus
Forensic & Valuation
Fraud & Forensic Accounting
Business Valuations
Ownership Transition
Mergers & Acquisitions
Litigation Support
Advisory
Pension & Profit Sharing Planning
Business & Financial Management
Governance, Risk & Compliance
Consulting for Startups
Industries
Architecture / Engineering
Automotive
Banking
Construction
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Not-For-Profit
Public Companies
Professional Services
Retail / Wholesale
Why Dannible & McKee?
About
Leadership
Careers
Contact
News
Events
Resources
Client Payment Portal
PrivacyDannible & McKee, LLP (“D&M,” “we” or “us”), is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This privacy statement is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our website (the “Site”), how we may use that information and whether we disclose that information to anyone. By using our Site, you acknowledge and agree to be bound to the terms hereof. Periodically, we may update this Privacy Policy and encourage you to check this section for any changes.
Data collection
We do not require anyone to share any of their personal information with us in order to enjoy our Site. However, if you choose to provide personal information to us, we collect only personally identifiable information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by you to our Site. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, job title, company name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, that is needed to administer our business, allow you to utilize the full capabilities of our Site, and permit us to communicate information to you relating to our services that we believe to be of interest to you and our website visitors. You may choose to provide personal information on our Site to take advantage of the following service options we offer:
Subscribe or access newsletters, presentations, and/or articles
Submit resumes or work history information
Participate in “e-mail subscription” initiatives
Participate in bulletin boards, discussion or message forums
Register for events and conferences
Contact us for further information
Our Site does not collect or compile personally identifying information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or host mailings on behalf of third parties.
Demographic information, including, gender and occupation, is not actively sought by D&M, but may be submitted if and when a visitor responds to an online job application. It is D&M’s policy to limit information collected to only the minimum information required to complete a visitor’s request.
Similar to demographic information, D&M does not seek to collect any sensitive information through our Site. Sensitive information includes, but is not limited to, information relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health; sexual life or criminal record. We suggest that you do not provide sensitive information of this nature. If you choose to provide sensitive information for any reason, you hereby consent to D&M’s use of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise described at the point where you choose to disclose such information.
Use of data
When you provide information to us, we use it for the purposes for which it was provided to us as stated at the point of collection (or as obvious from the context of collection). Examples of the types of use are set forth in the “Data collection” section above. As previously mentioned, we may use your data to contact you with information about D&M’s business, services and events, and other information which may be of interest to you. We may also use your information in order to administer and manage the Site or communicate with you about the Site.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies are used on some pages of our Site. “Cookies” are small text files written by an internet server to a website user’s browser where information is exchanged between them, and which is stored on a computer’s hard drive that allow us to track and recognize users to our Site and assist us in providing a more customized website experience. The use of “cookies” is common practice for most Web sites; however, most Web browsers include settings that allow users to decline cookies.
In addition, we use the services of Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). This analytical tool uses cookies and similar technologies to help analyze how users use the Site. Google offers the ability to opt out from tracking through Google Analytics cookies; for more information, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Third parties
Personal data collected by D&M may be shared by us with third party contractors, subcontractors, and/or subsidiaries who perform services for us or with whom we contract for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to host our Site, operate certain of its features, send emails, print or send mailings, conduct client research, manage and analyze data for the administration of our system or Site and/or other internal, administrative purposes. These third-party service providers are given the information that they need to perform their designated functions and we do not authorize them to use or disclose your personal information for their own or any others’ marketing purposes.
On rare occasions, we may also be required to disclose your information as is required by law pursuant to lawful requests such as subpoenas, court orders, or as we may reasonably determine to be necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others, to avert harm to persons or property, or to enforce this Privacy Policy.
Your information may also be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale involving all or part of D&M’s business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in corporate control.
Third party links
Our Site may contain links to other websites that are not owned or operated by us and do not operate under D&M’s privacy practices. When you link to other websites from our Site, D&M’s privacy practices no longer apply, and we do not warrant, represent or assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, security, completeness or operation of any linked site or any site contained in a linked site. We encourage you and all of visitors to review and familiarize yourself with each site’s specific, legal, privacy and security information contained in any such linked sites before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Data retention
Any data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is required for the purposes for which it was collected. Contact information about visitors such as mailing list information is kept until a user unsubscribes to a publication or requests that we delete that information. Resumes are disposed of when they are either no longer under consideration, or are considered dated by our Human Resources departments.
Unsubscribe
Should you desire to unsubscribe from one of our mailing lists or any registrations on our Site, you may do so by following the “unsubscribe” instructions that are available within the appropriate website area or you may contact us at reachus@dmcpas.com.
Security
D&M has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect the security of personally identifiable information that has been transmitted to us on our Site. Unfortunately, no collection or transmission of information over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any such information.
Children
D&M understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy especially in an online environment. This Site is not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is our policy to never collect or maintain personal information from those we actually know are children under the age of 13 years of age. If you are under 13, you should not submit any personal information to us. If you are the parent of a child under 13, please help us protect your child’s privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information to this Site or any other without your permission.
Linking to Our Website and Social Media
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our prior express written consent. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Updates; Modifications
We may update or modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time by publishing an updated version here. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any personal information to our Site, to see if this Privacy Policy has changed. By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use.
Contact us
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you wish to update personal information you have provided to us, you may do so by emailing us at reachus@dmcpas.com.