https://www.woodrichardson.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
How do we collect information from you?
We collect information when someone visits our website, woodrichardson.co.uk.
Google
We use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information about the way the site is used. They do not identify the user as an individual.
Contact form
We also collect data when you fill in an enquiry form on our website. These details are stored via email on our secure server for 3 months before being deleted, though the information may be recorded in our central data system if you require a quotation or place an order. You can contact us at any point to be removed from our database.
We will also collect information when someone requests a quotation or places an order via any other method.
What information do we collect?
The information we collect may include your name, telephone number, email address and any information you choose to share with us that is relevant to your enquiry.
People who request a quotation or places an order
If you request a quotation via; email, post, telephone, in person, our online contact form or by any other method, we will store the following information in our secure data system:
your name, email address, postal address and telephone number.
We retain this data so that we can contact you with relevant information.
People who request samples, brochures or Print Buyers’ packs
If you enquire via; email, post, telephone, in person, our online contact form or by any other method about print samples, a copy of our brochure or Print Buyers’ pack, we will record;
your name, email address, postal address and telephone number.
We use this information to contact you regarding your interest in these items. We securely store this information for 12 months, though you can contact us at any point to be removed from our database at any time.
People who contact us via social media
We use a third-party provider to manage our social media interactions. If you send us a private message via social media the message will be stored online for three months.
How do we use your information?
Personal information which you supply to us may be used in a number of ways, for example:
By email, telephone, in person or by post:
To provide you with latest updates regarding the quote you have requested, or order placed.
To provide you with information relating to samples, brochure or Print Buyers’ pack as requested
By email:
To provide you with information about other Wood Richardson services which may be of interest to you, if you have requested this service.
By post, telephone or in person:
To provide you with information about other Wood Richardson services where we consider the information is of legitimate interest to you.
We may share your information with external suppliers to help us provide you with samples or services?
We will hold your personal information for as long as is necessary for us to be able to provide you with the service or information you have requested.
How do we store your information?
We are committed to protecting your privacy, we follow strict security procedures to ensure that your personal information is not damaged, destroyed, and to prevent unauthorised access. The servers that store your information are kept up to date and secured with appropriate firewalls/virus protection and have restricted access.
Links to other websites
From time to time our website may include links to other websites which we think may be of interest to our customers. This privacy notice does not cover these websites and you must look at the privacy statement applicable to the website you visit.
How to access or update your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
sales@woodrichardson.co.uk
Wood Richardson Ltd., Royden House, 156 Haxby Road, York, YO31 8JN
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 22/05/16.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you: by email: sales@woodrichardson.co.uk
Or write to us at: Wood Richardson Ltd., Royden House, 156 Haxby Road, York, YO31 8JN
Special OffersWATCH THIS SPACEMarch 30, 2016 - 9:05 amFlags OfferMarch 29, 2016 - 8:39 amEvent PacksMarch 23, 2016 - 1:27 pmLatest NewsOur inspirational ‘into the landscape’ 2019 calendarDecember 18, 2018 - 4:35 pmBlog | Making it personalDecember 14, 2018 - 11:00 amOnline print shop launch with York Against Cancer’s Christmas cards collaborationNovember 28, 2018 - 4:32 pmAlan celebrates 40 years in businessNovember 8, 2018 - 10:54 amBlog | GDPR brings a wave of positivity for printAugust 30, 2018 - 9:13 amContact Information Wood Richardson Ltd
Royden House
156 Haxby Road
York YO31 8JN
Telephone: 01904 622712
Fax: 01904 620352
Open Hours Monday to Friday 8.15am – 5.30pm
Wood Richardson Ltd Registered in England & Wales
Company No. 00210693 England
Registered Office:
Royden House, 156 Haxby Road, York YO31 8JN
Scroll to top