https://www.petersontool.com/privacy-policy/
Services
Custom Tools
Innovative Solutions
Experienced Consultation
Products
Outside Diameter Forming
Shaving
Cut Off
End Working Tools
Additional Custom Tooling
Single Spindle Machines
Multi Spindle Machines
Rotary Transfer Machines
Resources
Training
Case Studies
About us
Who we are
Our Team
Join Our Team
About Thrift Products®
History
News
ISO Certification
Contact
Location and Contact Info
Contact a Rep
Search
I want to…
Get a Quote
Reduce Change Out Times
Make my inserts last longer
Maintain high tolerance levels
Talk to an engineer with infield experience
Return to Home Page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 17, 2019
Introduction
Peterson Tool Company (“Company”, “We”, or “Peterson Tool”) respects your privacy and is committed to transparently letting you know how we use, disclose, and protect information through our website which is addressed in this policy.  Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using the Website (as defined below), you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of the Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the www.petersontool.com webpage (or any pages, facilities, services, features, or capabilities run by Peterson Tool on the www.petersontool.com domain (for example, product pages, review pages, account management pages, or the product ordering pages). We also describe in this policy our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information, so you can be aware.
This policy applies only to information we collect via the Website.
To avoid misunderstanding, we want you to be aware that this policy does not apply to information collected or provided in other ways. For example, the policy does not apply to information that is:
Collected or provided offline (for example, if you fill out a paper form and send it in)
Collected or provided telephonically (for example, if you place a call to us to provide billing information)
Collected or provided via e-mail, twitter, social media, or other electronic communications channels outside of our Website. But, if you initiate communication to us by filling out a “web form” on the Website and submit the form using a “submit” button, that would be covered by this policy.  For example, submission of a question in the “Contact Us” box or information submitted in order to “Get a Quote” as provided on the Website would be done via a web form, and would be covered by this policy.  However, e-mails are not covered by this policy, even if you find the address or click on an e-mail address link using the Website to initiate the e-mail, and even if they share the same domain as the Website.
Provided by you to third parties and that is then subsequently provided to us by means other than through our Website.
Provided to us by third parties, even if they use the Website to convey that information to us, or if we also receive that information from you using the Website.
Available to us from sources other than your interaction with the Website. For example, we may receive information about you from the Website (such as your name and address), and also receive that same information from mailing lists purchased from a third party.  In such a case, the fact that we got the information via the Website will not make your name and address subject to this policy, because we also have it from another source.
Obtained by Peterson Tool or from any third party through any means other than the Website.
Information We Collect About You
We do not necessarily collect all of the types of information described below, but we want you to know that it is possible. We may collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including but not limited to the following:
Information you provide to us (discussed below).
Information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, job title, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, company or employer, payment information such as credit card information, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information“).
Information that is about you, or your activity, but that individually does not identify you, such as Website tracking information and Website usage information.
Information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
For example, we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, salutation, company name, and date of birth.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address, and telephone numbers.
Transaction Data includes details about products and services you have purchased from us, and may include references to payments processed in connection with the use of the Website.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, internet service provider (ISP), date/time stamp, your login data, browser type, language and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our Website and other services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also may collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data if it does not directly or indirectly reveal your personal information. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you or your personal information individually, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not intend to collect any data about you regarding your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data, criminal convictions and offenses.  Please do not provide any such information in any way.  If you do provide such information (such as in free-form areas of a form seeking an account on the Website, or in a product review), we may not be aware you have provided it, and therefore we will have no obligation to treat this data differently than we treat other information provided by you.
How We Collect Information
As described in more detail in the following three sections, we do or may collect information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
By way of third party advertisements, services, or features on our Website, which are under partial or complete control of entities other than Peterson Tool.
Information You Provide to Us
We do collect information you provide to us on or through the Website (in addition to any information we may collect automatically). Information we collect from you may include, but is not limited to the following:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering or updating an account on our Website, submitting a review, submitting an order or request for a quote or information, posting material, or requesting further services. This will also include information when you report a problem or request relating to the Website. If we offer a contest or promotion on the Website, we may also ask you for information when you attempt to enter.
Records and copies of your correspondence submitted through web forms (including any attachments and any email addresses in any of those materials), if you contact us via web forms on the Website.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of those portions of transactions you conduct through our Website, such as initiating an order. You may be required to provide financial information offline, in which case the information provided offline is not subject to this policy.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information that you provide to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted“) on public areas of the Website (for example, a product review you submit), or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions“). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.
Although we limit access to certain pages, and even if you may set certain privacy settings for information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Usage Information We May Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, pages visited, IP addresses and domains of referring sites, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include and be useful for statistical data, but may also may include personal information.  Where the collected information does not itself contain personal information, we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we have otherwise collected.  We may do this, for example, to improve our Website or to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may from time to time include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We may not use all of these types of data collection technologies, but we want you to be aware that they are possible on our systems.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some Website content or applications (for example advertisements or pictures hosted on a third party server) may be served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. For example, if you see a banner advertisement for a service or product other than a Peterson Tool product, that banner advertisement may be served by a third party who may be collecting information about its appearance, your (or your computer’s) interaction with it, and other data. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from some providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information in a number of ways that include but may not be limited to the following:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your orders.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
To allow you to receive email invoices.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
To process transactions
To provide you with support.
To evaluate and/or manage our relationship with you.
To understand your preferences
To improve our Website, products, or services.
To communicate with you.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy.  Some ways in which we may disclose personal information include:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer of our business or any part of it or other successor to our business or any part of it in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Peterson Tool’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Peterson Tool about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill, service, deliver, or provide support for an order, a product that is the subject of an order, or a request or service related to an order or a product
To obtain, effect, pursue, investigate or otherwise act in connection with a payment, refund, account balance, account receivable, or other financial situation.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your employer or similar entity, or a third party engaged by your employer.
For information processing
For extending credit or evaluating whether to extend credit
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Peterson Tool, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We want you to know of certain third party mechanisms that may provide you with additional control over your information third parties may collect.  You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how to manage your cookie settings, see your browser documentation.  Please note that Flash cookies may be managed separately in your browser than other types of cookies.  To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies (of any type), please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI“) on the NAI’s website.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
We do not currently recognize or acknowledge automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions. Additional information about Do Not Track requests as it applies to California residents is available at the section of this policy “Your California Privacy Rights.” Depending on the browser you choose to use, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of other collection and tracking technologies through your browser. As noted above, if you do adjust your privacy preferences, certain functionality of the site may be affected.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
If you are a registered user, then you can review and change the personal information as identified in your account profile by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at privacy@petersontool.comto request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.  Please be aware that third party services (such as, for example, archive.org) crawl the Internet archiving web pages as snapshots in time.  Changing information posted to the Website will affect how the Website is presented in the future, but will not affect how the Website looks in these snapshots as retained by such third parties.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our servers behind firewalls that we attempt to keep secure. With respect to payment transactions, we presently do not accept payment information via the Website, and therefore any such information is outside the scope of this policy.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a username and password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like product reviews. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features or register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at  privacy@petersontool.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding a business’s disclosure of customer information to third parties for that third party’s direct marketing purposes.  For such requests, we have designated the following mailing address, electronic mail address and toll-free telephone numbers to which you may deliver such requests:
Attn: California Information Privacy Issue
Peterson Tool Company
739 Fesslers Lane
P.O. Box 100830
Nashville, TN 37224
615-242-7341
privacy@petersontool.com
If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, then you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information that (within the one year preceding your request) we have shared with third parties who we know have used the personal information for their direct marketing purposes within that year. You may also request those third parties’ names and addresses (and other information sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third party’s business, if the third party’s name alone does not reasonably make that determinable to you).  You may request these types of information once a year. Please allow 30 days for a response.
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and a registered user, then you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our website or other online services. Note that fulfillment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). To request removal of content or information, please contact us at the contact addresses designated above. Please allow 30 days for a response.
In addition, we make this disclosure concerning tracking technology as it relates to California residents.  We do not respond to Web browser “Do Not Track”’ signals at this time. Please see http://www.networkadvertising.org for additional information and possible options for addressing information collection across third party websites and service. The “opt out” page on that site may be of particular interest to you, which is available at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. Please note that the opt-out applies only to entities that have elected to respect it, so using this tool will not control all information collection and use of third parties. Also, these opt-out mechanisms rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to ad-serving on websites. If you delete your cookies, use another computer or device, or change browsers, then you will need to repeat this process. In addition, opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads, but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on websites not owned and operated by Peterson Tool.
International Visitors
Peterson Tool’s services are hosted in the United States and are intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to access a Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling you requests, and operating the service. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the service, you consent to such transfer, storage and processing.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at privacy@petersontool.com.
“Peterson Tool created a custom tool that allowed us to produce twice the amount of products using our existing equipment. This kept us from spending over $200,000 on new equipment.”
Industry - Aerospace
“The ThriftShave holds an incredible .0003” tolerance on my part diameters. That’s right… .0003” on a Davenport. This thing is awesome!”
Industry - Industrial
Machine - Davenport
“For tool design and technical support I recommend Peterson for the most complex/precision of operations.”
Industry - Manufacturing
Machine - Wickman Screw Machine
“The best way to gain machine capacity is by reducing your set up times. The Peterson Thirftform package has allowed us to gain over 100 hours of valuable machine capacity on one of our screw machines…”
Industry - Fittings
Machine - #51 New Britain
“Switching to the Peterson ThriftChange® Tooling Package reduced our change-over time from 8 hours to 2 hours .”
Industry - Manufacturing
Machine - Acme
“We are very happy with Peterson Tool’s  ThriftShave attachment and tooling. The shave has allowed us to run 3 consecutive 8 hour shifts with no adjustments.”
Industry - Industrial
Machine - Davenport
“Changing to Peterson inserts and the ThriftForm attachments has dramatically improved our part finish and tolerance.”
Industry - Automotive
Machine - Single Spindle
“…Peterson helped us reduce a 6.5 hour set up down to 45 minutes and reduce a 2.5 hour set up to 15 minutes. This Stuff Works!!!”
Industry - Fittings
Machine - #51 New Britain
“The Peterson ThriftShave® resulted in a 95% reduction in scrap due to diameter and taper variation and an annualized cost reduction of 23% on the thread tooling. “
Industry - Manufacturing
Machine - Acme
“The quick change system has reduced tool changes from 20 minutes to 5 minutes. So with an improvement in part finish, tolerance, tool life and machine efficiencies, this has been a great investment for us.”
Industry - Automotive
Machine - Single Spindle
We Make Custom Tools... for Any Machine... Every Day.
Check out some Peterson solutions
Talk to a Peterson representative
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled