https://www.osmushkina.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Return Policy
Our purpose is to guarantee your full satisfaction. If, for any reason whatsoever, you are not satisfied with your order, you may exercise your right to return purchased products within fifteen (15) days from the date on which you received them from the AOFH. Returned items must be shipped back to AOFH within fourteen (14) days from the date on which you informed us of your decision to withdraw from the contract. The products may be returned by shipping agent (FedEx, DHL, UPS). We invite you to complete the Return Form available on the web site in the Customer Care area, to let us to provide you with a return order for you with courier service. It is not possible to return an item in exchange for another.
Terms of Return
The right to return products shall be deemed correctly exercised once the following conditions have been fully met:
a) Return Form sent directly online through store.osmushkina.com or another declaration explicitly stating your decision to withdraw from the contract must be correctly completed and sent to the AOFH within fifteen (15) days from receiving the products.
b) the products must not have been used, worn or washed;
c) the identification tag must still be attached to the products, along with the disposable seal, which constitutes an integral part of the item;
d) the returned products must be in their original packaging;
e) the returned products must be delivered to the shipping service within fourteen (14) days of when you informed the AOFH of your decision to withdraw from the contract;
f) the products must not be damaged.
If you have fulfilled all requirements set forth above, the AOFH will fully refund the price of the returned purchased products. You will only be charged for the return shipping cost, unless the AOFH expressly exempt you from these costs at the time of purchase, and on the subsequent condition that you use the shipping agent indicated in the Return Form. Should you decide to use the courier indicated by the AOFH in the online Return Form, you will not have to directly take care of the return shipping costs, which are at your expense. In this case, the AOFH will pay the return shipping costs for you and will withhold a flat fee as payment for the return shipping. The fee will correspond to the original cost of shipping for the order. If an alternative courier is used for your return, you will have to pay for the return shipping cost upfront and at your own expense. You will be notified if the returned products cannot be accepted because they do not comply with the conditions indicated in letters a), e) and f) of the previous paragraph. In this case, you may choose to have the purchased products redelivered to you at your expense. If you refuse the above delivery, AOFH reserves the right to retain the products and the amount paid for your purchase of the products. You will also be contacted if your return cannot be accepted because it does not comply with the conditions indicated in letters b), c) and d) of the preceding paragraph. In this case, you may choose to accept a decrease in the refund, of which you will be informed, due to the decrease in value of the returned products, or to have the purchased products redelivered to you at your expense. Should you refuse this delivery, AOFH reserves the right to retain the products and the amount indicated for the decrease in refund, due to the decrease in value of the returned products.
Refund times and procedures
After the AOFH has received the returned products and checked that the products meet all requirements, you will receive an e-mail that the returned products have been accepted, or, if a decrease in value of the returned products has been detected, you will receive an email informing you of the amount being deducted from the refund. Whatever form of payment you used (Credit/Debit Card), the refund procedure will start within fourteen (14) days from when the AOFH was informed of your decision to exercise your right to return the purchased products and once the AOFH has checked that the return was carried out in compliance with the above conditions.
The time period for refunding the amount you paid for purchasing the returned products depends on the form of payment used:
purchase by Credit/Debit Card: refund time will depend on the Credit Card company’s policies. Payment by PayPal (where available): refunds will be credited to your PayPal account and will be visible immediately. Reimbursement time to the credit card associated with your PayPal account depends on the company that issued the card. Payment With Direct Bank Transfer: Will be completed due to Banks transfer policy time.
Identification Tag
All products sold by the AOFH include an identification tag attached with a disposable seal. Please try on the products without removing the tag and seal. Returned products without the tag or seal will not be accepted.
FedEx, UPS, DHL
As advised by the AOFH, returned products may be shipped by the package delivery company FedEx, UPS or DHL. If you use FedEx, UPS or DHL, the AOFH will be paying the shipping costs and track the package at any time. If you decide to use a different shipping courier than the provided by the AOFH, you will have to pay for the cost of return shipping upfront and you will be responsible in case of loss or damage to the products during transport.
AOFH Privacy Policy
Welcome to store.osmushkina.com, please read our Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy applies when you visit and surf the web site store.osmushkina.com (“Site”) without purchasing any product, when you register with this Site and/or when you use the services provided for purchasing products on this Site. By using this Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want to accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use store.osmushkina.com.
Since Personal Data of users and customers of this Site (collectively “Users”) may be processed in Latvia, any such processing of Personal Data will be conducted in compliance with applicable European laws as well as the Latvian Personal Data Protection Code. Pursuant to the Latvian Personal Data Protection Code, SIA AOFH having its registered office at Krisjana Valdemara street 20, LV – 1010 Riga, Latvia – is the data controller of Personal Data processing regarding services for e-commerce and purchase of products.
1. Our policy
Everyone has the right to protection of his/her Personal Data. AOFH respects its Users’ right to be informed regarding the collection of and other operations involving their Personal Data. In using data that may directly or indirectly identify you personally, we will apply a principle of strict necessity. For this reason, we have designed store.osmushkina.com in such a way that the use of your Personal Data will be kept to a minimum and will not exceed the purposes for which your Personal Data was collected and/or processed; we do not process your Personal Data when we can provide you with services through the use of anonymous data (such as marketing research made for improving our services) or by other means which allow AOFH to identify you, apart from when it is strictly necessary or upon request by competent public authorities or the police (for example, in case of traffic data or your IP address). This Privacy Policy provides you with all information needed to understand how we collect data which may identify store.osmushkina.com’s Users. For further information on our Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact form, or at Krisjana Valdemara street 20, LV – 1010 Riga, Latvia.
2. Who process your personal data
AOFH – is the data controller of store.osmushkina.com users’ Personal Data (“Personal Data”), which is collected for conducting, concluding and performing transactions for purchasing products on the aforementioned site (“Commercial Purposes”); AOFH autonomously determines the purposes and means of processing Personal Data and the instruments used, including those for security measures. Due to organisational and operational purposes only, AOFH has appointed certain entities that will also process Personal Data belonging to store.osmushkina.com’s users for purposes strictly connected to the performance of services on store.osmushkina.com, including the sale of products. The above mentioned processors have been chosen because of their experience in processing Personal Data and they provide sufficient guarantees regarding compliance with data processing laws (including the technical security measures governing the processing to be carried out). In processing the Personal Data, the processors shall act only on instructions from AOFH. We regularly check that our processors comply with our instructions and that they continue to provide sufficient guarantees regarding their full compliance with the provisions on Personal Data processing. Some of the processors of your Personal Data appointed by AOFH are:
FedEx Corporation, United Parcel Service and Deutsche Post DHL, for purposes related to shipping, delivering and returning products purchased on store.osmushkina.com; Latvijas Pasts, for purposes related to shipping, delivering and returning products purchased on store.osmushkina.com
When you execute purchasing procedures for products sold on store.osmushkina.com, we collect your Personal Data (such as personal details, e-mail address, address, Credit Card numbers, bank code, tax code and telephone number) on your order form only for the purpose of selling the products ordered by you. Your Personal Data is mostly processed by electronic means and in some circumstances by paper-based means, such as when the processing of your Personal Data is required for preventing fraud on store.osmushkina.com. Your Personal Data shall be stored in a way which allows AOFH to identify you for the period necessary for the purposes which the data was collected for and subsequently processed and, in any case, in accordance with applicable law. Please report any modification of your Personal Data to us in order to ensure that your personal information is always accurate and up-to-date, relevant and complete. Your Personal Data shall not be disclosed to third parties for purposes which are not permitted by law or without your explicit consent. Aside from the companies appointed for Personal Data processing, your Personal Data will be made available also to third parties, autonomous controllers, for purposes related to supplying services requested by user (for example, for purchase transactions) or for purposes of third parties, in this case only upon specific consent of Users. For more information on the matter, see section 4 (To Whom Your Personal Data Will Be Disclosed). Please contact our Customer Care if you would like to receive a full list of our data processors.
Moreover, your data may be disclosed to the police or to judicial authorities, according to law and upon a formal request by such entities, for example in the event AOFH needs to prevent fraud on store.osmushkina.com (anti-fraud services).
Data processors will also have access to your Personal Data as stated in section 2 for the specific purposes stated therein. In all the above circumstances, your consent for data processing is not required. Your Personal Data will not be transferred abroad to non-EU countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection of individuals. Should this be necessary in order to supply services or to execute a contract for the purchase of products, your Personal Data shall be transferred to such non-EU countries only after the execution of specific contracts between AOFH and such entities in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
The reasons for collecting Personal Data will be expressly listed in the privacy policy statement that AOFH presented on the page asking the User to provide his or her Personal Data. AOFH may have access to third parties’ Personal Data which was directly disclosed by its Users, for example when a User bought a product to be sent to a friend, when the User paying for the product is different from the recipient of the product, or when a User wishes to recommend to a friend a service of store.osmushkina.com or the sale of a particular product. In all of the above cases, please make sure you receive the consent of such individuals before disclosing their Personal Data to AOFH and make sure you inform them about this Privacy Policy; you will be the only person liable in connection with the disclosure of information and data regarding such third parties if they have not provided you with their express consent for it and for any improper and unlawful use of that information. In any event, AOFH shall fulfill any obligation to inform third parties required by law and, when necessary, shall request their express consent upon registering in its archives the Personal Data of the User indicated.
3. What happens if you do not disclose your personal data to AOFH
Granting your Personal Data to AOFH (in particular, your personal details, your e-mail address, your address, your Credit/Debit Card numbers and bank code and your telephone number) is necessary for processing your order for the purchase of products on store.osmushkina.com, supplying other services provided on the web site upon your request, or when your Personal Data is needed to fulfil obligations required by law or regulations. The refusal to provide AOFH with some of your Personal Data necessary for performing the above purposes may consequently prevent AOFH from processing your order for the purchase of products sold on store.osmushkina.com or fulfilling obligations required by law and other regulations. Therefore, failing to provide Personal Data may constitute, in some cases, a legitimate and justified reason for not processing your order for the purchase of products sold on store.osmushkina.com or not providing store.osmushkina.com’s services. Disclosure of further Personal Data to AOFH other than that required for fulfilling legal or contractual obligations is, on the contrary, optional and does not have any effect on the use of the web site and of its services or on the purchase of products on store.osmushkina.com. We will inform you at every step whether disclosing your Personal Data to AOFH is compulsory or optional. We will point out to you whether the disclosure of your Personal Data is compulsory or optional by marking with an appropriate symbol (*) the information that is compulsory or data needed for the purchase of products on store.osmushkina.com. Failing to provide optional Personal Data will not imply any obligation or disadvantage to our users.
4. To whom your personal data will be disclosed
Personal data will be disclosed to third party companies that provide, on behalf of AOFH, specific services as data processors or to other recipients of Personal Data collected by AOFH that autonomously process your Personal Data only for the performance of a contract for purchasing products on store.osmushkina.com and only when such purpose does not exceed the purposes for which your Personal Data was collected and subsequently processed and, in any case, according to applicable laws and regulations. Personal Data will not be disclosed to third parties or disseminated or transferred without informing our users of such disclosure/dissemination/transfer, without their consent and, in any case, in accordance with the law.
5. How we collect your data on store.osmushkina.com
AOFH directly collects Personal Data and information from its Users when they register online with store.osmushkina.com or when they send purchase orders of products sold on the web site in order to finalise e-commerce transactions. AOFH will process such data only for the purposes and within the limits of what is stated in the section regarding data collection.
6. Security measures
We have adopted security measures to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, and against all other reasons for data processing that do not comply with our Privacy Policy. For the best possible protection of your Personal Data outside the limits of AOFH’s control and management of the same, it is advisable that your computer be provided with software devices that protect network data transmission/receipt (such as updated antivirus systems) and that your Internet service provider take appropriate measures for the security of network data transmission (such as, for example, firewalls and anti-spam filtering).
7. Compulsory processing
We wish to inform you that AOFH may process your Personal Data also without your consent in certain circumstances provided by law.
8. Your right to access personal data and further rights
You are entitled to obtain, at any time, confirmation from AOFH as to whether or not data relating to you is being processed, whether the data is not yet registered, and the communication in intelligible form of the data undergoing processing. Moreover, you are entitled to receive from AOFH information on the source of your Personal Data; the purposes and way of processing your Personal Data; the logic involved in any electronic data processing; details of the data controller and of the data processors; the names of the entities and categories of entities to whom your Personal Data may be disclosed or who may access your Personal Data, for example, as a data controller or a party so appointed. You can easily find part of the above information in our Privacy Policy. For further information, send an e-mail.
You are entitled to obtain at any time from AOFH:
1. the updating, adjustment or, when you have an interest in such, the integration of your personal data;
2. the deletion, the transformation into an anonymous form or blocking of your personal data (unlawfully processed), including data which does not need to be stored for the purposes for which it was collected and subsequently processed;
3. the confirmation that the operations under letters a) and b) have been reported (together with the contents of the same) to whom the data was disclosed or disseminated, except when it becomes impossible or if the means used are clearly disproportionate to the right’s protection.
You are entitled to object, in whole or in part:
1. for legitimate reasons, to the processing of your personal data, even if it is related to the purposes for which it was collected;
2. to the processing of your personal data for advertising or direct marketing purposes or in order to carry out marketing research or commercial communications.
You may freely exercise your rights at any time, provided that you do so in compliance with applicable laws, by sending your request to AOFH through contact form. We will reply to you as necessary.
9. Links to other web sites
AOFH does not control or monitor such web sites or their web content. AOFH shall not be held liable for the web content of such sites and for the rules adopted by them in terms of your privacy and the processing of your Personal Data while you are visiting those web sites. Please, pay attention when you connect to these web sites through the links provided on our web site and read their terms and conditions of use and their privacy policy carefully. store.osmushkina.com’s Privacy Policy does not apply to third party web sites and AOFH is by no means liable for the privacy policy adopted by those web sites. store.osmushkina.com provides links to other web sites exclusively to help its users in their searches and net-surfing activities and to allow links to other web sites on the Internet. When AOFH provides links to other web sites, AOFH does not recommend the use of these web sites and do not provide any guarantees regarding their web content or the services and products supplied and sold by these web sites to Internet Users.
10. Contacts
If you wish to receive further information on how AOFH processes your Personal Data, please send an e-mail.
11. Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed by Latvian law and, in particular, by the Latvian Personal Data Protection Code. The Latvian Personal Data Protection Code guarantees that processing of Personal Data will be carried out in compliance with fundamental rights and freedom of individuals, as well as of their dignity, with particular reference to confidentiality, identity and to the right to Personal Data protection.
12. Modification and updating of store.osmushkina.com Privacy Policy
AOFH may amend or simply update all or part of store.osmushkina.com’s Privacy Policy, including when amendments are made to legal provisions or regulations which govern data protection and protect your rights. The amendments and the updating of store.osmushkina.com Privacy Policy shall be notified to our users on store.osmushkina.com’s homepage as soon as such amendments or updates have been introduced and shall be binding as soon as they are published on the web site in this section. Therefore, you are requested to regularly access this section in order to check the publication of the most recent and updated Privacy Policy of store.osmushkina.com.
Information on Privacy
The personal information controlled by SIA AOFH, Ausekla street 5, LV – 1010 Riga, Latvia, will be collected mostly by electronic means and for the purposes of finalising registration, allowing you to use the reserved access services offered on the site (for example, processing your orders and other steps necessary to it, including operations for administrative and fiscal obligations, sending newsletters, when requested) and improving the service offered.
AOFH may use your information also for sending you advertising e-mails regarding products and services similar to those already acquired unless you do not accept this use by exercising your right to do so in the manner set out elsewhere. In addition, upon consent the information may be processed for sending promotional material regarding products and services that are different from those already acquired and for marketing activities or opinion polls.
Upon consent, AOFH may perform profiling analysis of your buying habits in order to send you proposals tailored to your interests. Some of the processors of your personal data are:
FedEx Corporation, United Parcel Service and Deutsche Post DHL, for purposes related to shipping, delivering and returning products purchased on store.osmushkina.com; Latvijas Pasts, for purposes related to shipping, delivering and returning products purchased on store.osmushkina.com
The parties appointed that will process information for the above mentioned purposes are the staff involved in processing orders, administration, customer care, marketing (when consent is given), information systems and web site management, and providing services reserved to registered users.
All corresponding rights may be exercised including consulting, changing, deleting the information or opposing its processing for sending advertising material or commercial communications or opinion polls, by writing to AOFH at the above indicated address or by contact form. You can also use the same means for requesting a complete and up-to-date list of the data processors.
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie and What is it Used for?
A cookie is a small piece of data that is used to store information on your computer’s browser or program data subfolders when you visit a website, such as store.osmushkina.com (“website”). They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
What cookies does store.osmushkina.com use and for what purpose?
Our website uses various different types of cookies and similar technologies, each of which has a different function as set out below:
Technical or browsing cookies
These cookies enable the website to function correctly and allow you to view it in your language and for your market from the first time you access it. They will recognise your country so that on any subsequent visits, you are directed straight to the relevant country website. They also allow you to create an account, log in and manage your orders. If you are a registered user, these cookies mean you will be recognised as such when you access the services offered to our registered users. These cookies will recognise if you make a purchase from the website through an affiliated or partner site so that we can fulfil any obligations we may have to those partner sites. These cookies are necessary for the website to function.
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to recognise you, following an explicit request from you (for example, if you click on “remember me”), every time you access the website, so that you don’t have to type in your login details each time.
If you have added items to your basket and closed the session without completing your purchase, but have not removed the items from your basket, these cookies enable you to carry on shopping with the same basket the next time you visit the website within a reasonable period of time. These cookies are not essential for the website to function, but they improve the website and the browsing experience.
Analytical cookies
These cookies are used for example by Google Analytics in order to carry out statistical analyses of how users use our website through their computers or via our mobile applications, such as how many pages a user has visited or the number of mouse clicks made on a page while using the website. In such events, AOFH processes the results of these analyses in an anonymous way and for statistics purposes only, provided that the service supplier uses the cookies in connection with the browser installed on your computer or other device used to browse our website.
Third-party cookie of marketing/retargeting
These are cookies used by third-party companies that we trust to show you ad banners on other websites affiliated to us featuring the latest store.osmushkina.com products you have viewed when browsing. While you are browsing our website these cookies are also used to show you banners featuring products that maybe of interest you or similar to products you have previously viewed based on your browsing history. The usage of these cookies does not usually imply the processing of personal data but it may create a connection with your computer or other device by tracking the information stored in it: these cookies are then connected to the browser installed on your computer or other device used during the navigation on our website.
How can I disable cookies?
Most web browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.) are configured to automatically accept cookies. However, most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings, including the disabling of cookies at any time. We wish to make you aware, however, that disabling technical/browsing cookies or functional cookies may prevent our website from functioning correctly and/or may not allow you to fully and effectively take advantage of the services we offer.
In order to disable analytical cookies and to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, you can download the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser Add-on.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks