https://www.berlineaton.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Close
Who We Are click to expand
What We Do click to expand
Who We Serve click to expand
How We Work
What We’ve Done
Blog
Back to previous menu
Who We Are
Our Story
Our Team
Back to previous menu
What We Do
Our Services
Collaborative Solutions
Continuous Improvement
Data & Insights
People Development
Strategy Development & Execution
Back to previous menu
Who We Serve
Independent Schools
Not-for-Profit Sector
Public Sector
Private Sector
Contact Us
Click to call 250 472 3767
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
We take the privacy of your personal data seriously.
Should you have any questions, please contact us.
Website Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Berlineaton, and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Berlineaton. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Berlineaton takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Privacy Notice for clients and potential clients
Start the Conversation
Are you looking to set a new, bold direction, equip your teams and leaders with new skills, or make your organization stronger?
Let's Talk
Berlineaton helped me work through staffing changes and a significant workload immediately following the COVID-19 outbreak. Our coaching sessions were very much appreciated, and I was able to re-focus on the strategic goals of our organization, while still leading my team and day-to-day operations. Being able to improve my leadership competencies and navigate the last few months was invaluable to say the least.
Executive Director, Not-for-Profit Organization in British Columbia
The emphasis on Strategic Management was important to us, since we didn't want a plan that sat on the shelf after several months of strategic thinking. I found that Berlineaton didn't come to our organization with a preconception of what our strategic plan would look like, but they made an authentic effort to understand the people in our community and be in tune with its ethos, its goals and its people. They gained trust and confidence and continue to work with us on the implementation of our tactical plan.
Head of School in Victoria, British Columbia
I’ve worked with the Berlineaton team on a number of strategic initiatives for Vancity. Berlineaton has been a great collaborator in the design, development and launch of an innovation network designed to accelerate our transformation. My standards have always been high and they have never disappointed in their ability to deliver.
Lori Block, Former Vice President, Vancity
The Berlineaton team has a deep knowledge of strategy and change management. They are engaging, whip smart, and empower leaders and organizations to do the work required to create compelling visions and missions and most importantly how to implement and live the goals and priorities.
Michelle Koski, Executive Director, BC Investment Agriculture Foundation
I have worked with Berlineaton since 1999.
In that time, I have found the Berlineaton team to be highly-skilled facilitators who consistently create the atmosphere and structure necessary to effectively manage and deliver complex projects.
Their Strategy, CI, and People Development methodologies work well in any scenario in which I have seen them applied.
Moreover, they create an environment that allows for a tremendous amount of creative, engaging, high-quality work to be completed within very short timelines, and with high levels of staff ownership and support.
Martin Foy, Regional Director, Alberta Ministry of Environment and Sustainable Resource Development
Your efforts in guiding the robust planning process that has resulted in UCC’s Strategic Directions were quite simply extraordinary; your partnership was integral to any success achieved. Thank you. I hope you are as proud of the final product as we are.
Sam McKinney, Head of School, Upper Canada College
Please confirm you are a person.