https://www.sequoiapublishing.com/help/legal/
LegalHomeHelpLegalPrivacy Policy & LegalsLegals and Privacy PolicyLegalsThe Web Site of Sequoia Publishing, Inc. (www.SequoiaPublishing.com) and all the contents herein are the sole property of Sequoia Publishing, Inc. and are protected, without any limitations, by U.S. copyright and trademark laws, with jurisdiction and venue within the State of Alaska. All of the source code in this site is copyrighted. In the event you would like to use a portion of our source code, please fax a detailed request to: Thomas J. Glover, President, Sequoia Publishing, Inc; Fax (907) 433-0901.In addition, certain pages from our books are included for viewing on our website as graphic images or web page code. These pages or works are also protected by U.S. copyright laws. Unauthorized reproduction of these works in any form constitutes a violation of the rights of the copyright owner and may expose you to civil and criminal penalties.Sequoia Publishing, Inc. makes no representations or warranties with regard to any information published in its books or web pages and is to be held harmless for any claim of any nature, including any damages, arising for any reason whatsoever.Sequoia Publishing, Inc. makes no representations or warranties with regard to this web site or its contents herein. Sequoia Publishing, Inc., any entity associated with Sequoia Publishing, Inc., its employees, agents, contractors or any other personnel connected with Sequoia Publishing, Inc. are held harmless for any claim of any nature including any damages arising for any reason whatsoever from or books, this web site or any web link used in this site. Sequoia Publishing, Inc. makes no warranties or representations that any information obtained in this web site or web link is accurate, comprehensive or in any way complete.Sequoia Publishing, Inc. reserves the right to change prices and price information without notice.Sequoia Publishing, Inc. has a customer satisfaction policy. This policy is: any product (book or quantity of books except custom imprinted books) may be returned for full credit of purchase price providing the product is not damaged, is in clean, resalable condition and is returned within 30 days of the date of purchase. Custom imprinted books are not returnable for credit or refund.If you receive a defective product, call Sequoia Publishing, Inc. (907-433-0900) for Return Authorization within 30 days of receipt of the product and Sequoia Publishing, Inc. will ship you a replacement on receipt of the defective product.Sequoia Publishing, Inc. reserves the right to restrict the sale of its products to any person or entity, with or without cause.Privacy PolicyThis privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.SequoiaPublishing.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.RegistrationIn order to place orders through this website, a user must first complete the registration process. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.OrdersWe request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.CookiesWe use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Problem resolutionIf you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 907-433-0900 or via email.