https://www.claconnect.com/general/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy : General : CLA (CliftonLarsonAllen)
Locations
Directory
Contact Us
About Us
Client Login
Pay CLA Bill Online
ACS
Assurance Information Exchange
Bill.com
CLA Connected
CLA Document Portal
Email Subscriptions
iSolved
Sage Intacct
Secure File Transfer (Leapfile)
Wealth Advisory Dashboard
Industries
Services
Resources
Events
Careers
Industries
Services
Resources
Events
Careers
Locations
Directory
Contact Us
About Us
Client Login
Pay CLA Bill Online
ACS
Assurance Information Exchange
Bill.com
CLA Connected
CLA Document Portal
Email Subscriptions
iSolved
Sage Intacct
Secure File Transfer (Leapfile)
Wealth Advisory Dashboard
Go
Wealth Advisory
Outsourcing
Audit, Tax, and Consulting
Privacy, Terms of Use, and Disclaimers
This is the website of CliftonLarsonAllen LLP (“CliftonLarsonAllen” or “CLA”).
Our postal address is:
220 South Sixth Street, Suite 300
Minneapolis, MN 55402
We can be reached via email at webmaster@CLAconnect.com.
Privacy policy
At CLA, we place a priority on maintaining the confidentiality and privacy of your information, and we adhere to all professional standards to protect confidentiality, including maintaining internal policies, procedures, and safeguards. Visitors are not required to provide any personal information to use our website. By accessing this website, you willingly accept and consent to the privacy policy as described.
Information we collect
For each visitor to our website, our web server does not automatically recognize information regarding
the visitor's domain or email address. We do, however, collect email addresses and information volunteered by the consumer via subscriptions and forms on our website. This information is not shared with other organizations.
We also aggregate information on what pages users access and use it to improve the content of our website.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or contacting us here. To stop receiving e-newsletters from our company, click "Unsubscribe" in the footer of the e-newsletter or visit our subscription center to update your preference.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an email at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or contacting us here.
Cookies
To make this site work properly, we must sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size, and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to record session information, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, and record past activity at a site in order to personalize site content to user preferences. Cookies may also record websites visited just before and just after our website.
Cookies also link users to their customer relationship management (CRM) record if a user is a member of the CLA CRM. This action personalizes site content to visitor preferences (e.g., industry and topic areas of interest).
Cookies also identify users across devices (e.g., a user clicks a link in an email from his/her desktop, then, later visits the website via mobile or tablet device; we marry those cookies so users have a consistent website experience across devices).
The cookies we employ are not essential for the website to function properly. Cookies are used to enhance the user experience on the site through personalization.
We use both session cookies and permanent cookies. A session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after the browser is closed. In some instances we use permanent cookies. A permanent cookie stores itself on the user’s hard drive in order to remember preferences from session to session.
We employ targeting cookies to deliver advertisements relevant to you and your interests on outside websites. A cookie records that you have visited a website (ours and others) or conducted a relevant web search. The cookies and advertisements are placed by advertising networks with our permission. We, our advertisers, and ad serving companies may also use small pieces of code called “web beacons” or “clear gifs” to determine which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them.
Cookies will not be used for any purpose other than the ones stated in this notice.
We use Google Analytics to analyze how visitors use our site, including its advertising features. Information sent by your browser, including your IP address, may be used as anonymous aggregated statistical data to analyze our web traffic, improve the quality of our website, and enhance your browsing experience. View Google’s privacy policy. You can opt out of Google’s Advertising features through ad settings, ad settings for mobile, or any other available means. Access Google Analytics’ available opt-outs.
We use Hotjar,
a technology service that helps us better understand our visitors’ experience (e.g., how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what visitors do and don’t like, etc.), and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our visitors’ behavior and their devices (in particular, a device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual visitors or to match it with further data on an individual visitor. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site, and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by opting out here.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an email at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address, or contacting us here.
With respect to security: We strive to have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.
Website terms of use
Please read these disclosures and legal terms of use ("Terms") carefully before using this CliftonLarsonAllen LLP and its affiliates ("CliftonLarsonAllen" or "CLA") website ("Site"). By using this Site you indicate that you acknowledge and accept these Terms.
Use of material
CliftonLarsonAllen either owns the intellectual property rights in the underlying HTML, text, images, audio clips, video clips, software, and other content (collectively, the "Material") that is made available to you on this Site, or has obtained the permission of the owner of the intellectual property in such Material to use the Material on this Site. Except as provided in these Terms, CliftonLarsonAllen prohibits the use, redistribution or copying of any Material on this Site without its express written permission.
CliftonLarsonAllen hereby authorizes you to display on your computer, download, and print pages of this website, subject to the following provisions: (i) the copyright notice appears on all such printouts; (ii) the Material will not be altered in any manner; and (iii) the Material is only to be used for personal educational and non-commercial use and will not be redistributed, broadcast, or copied to any other media.
The product names, company names, logo, trademarks, and service marks (collectively, the "Marks") displayed on this Site, are either owned by CliftonLarsonAllen and/or third-party licensors. You are not permitted to use the Marks without the prior written consent of CliftonLarsonAllen or such third party that may own the Marks. Any unauthorized use of any such Marks may be a violation of the rights of CliftonLarsonAllen or a third party. The Site, and the Material contained herein in no way grant any license or right to use any Mark displayed on the Site. Users are prohibited from using the Marks displayed on the Site or the Material or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms.
Disclaimer
The information at this Site has been provided by CliftonLarsonAllen for general information purposes. The Site, and the related Material, do not implicate any client, advisory, fiduciary, or professional relationship between you and CliftonLarsonAllen and neither CliftonLarsonAllen nor any other person is, in connection with the Site and Material, engaged in rendering auditing, accounting, tax, legal, medical, investment, advisory, consulting, or any other professional service or advice. Neither the Site nor the Material on or accessed through the Site should be considered a substitute for your independent investigation and your sound technical business judgment. You should consult with a professional advisor familiar with your particular factual situation for advice or service concerning any specific matters.
CliftonLarsonAllen is not licensed to practice law, nor does it practice law. The Site, and the related Material, is for general guidance purposes and not a substitute for compliance obligations. The reader also is cautioned that this Material may not be applicable to, or suitable for, the reader’s specific circumstances or needs, and may require consultation with counsel if any action is to be contemplated. The reader should contact his or her CliftonLarsonAllen or other professional prior to taking any action based upon this information. CliftonLarsonAllen assumes no obligation to inform the reader of any changes in laws or other factors that could affect the information contained herein.
THE CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CLIFTONLARSONALLEN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY; FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. ALTHOUGH CLIFTONLARSONALLEN USES REASONABLE EFFORTS TO MAINTAIN THE ACCURACY AND CURRENCY OF THE MATERIAL OF THIS SITE, CLIFTONLARSONALLEN MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO ITS ACCURACY OR CURRENCY. THIS SITE MAY CONTAIN TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS AND TECHNICAL INACCURACIES. CLIFTONLARSONALLEN ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE MATERIAL OF THIS SITE.
Access the disclaimer for CliftonLarsonAllen Wealth Advisors, LLC.
Limitation of liability
Neither CliftonLarsonAllen nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any damages of any kind arising from or in connection with the use of the Site or the Material, including mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses or delays in operation or transmission, even if CliftonLarsonAllen is expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including compensatory, direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental or consequential damages, including but not limited to damages for lost profits, loss or inaccuracy of data or loss of revenue.
Links to third-party sites
Links to information on sites other than those operated by, or on behalf of, CliftonLarsonAllen are for your convenience only and are not an endorsement or recommendation of those sites.
General
CliftonLarsonAllen reserves the right to make changes to these Terms from time to time. When using this Site, you should review the current Terms, and privacy policy, to determine if they have been amended since your last visit.
California Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act "CCPA" provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
CLA collects volunteered information that is categorized as Identifiers and Personal information under CCPA.
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES, Manual Entry Using Form Required
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES, Manual Entry Using Form Required
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (CFIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal and regulatory obligations.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 888-529-2648.
Or complete our “California Consumer Request” form.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Nexia International
CliftonLarsonAllen is a member firm of the “Nexia International” network. Nexia International is a leading worldwide network of independent accounting and consulting firms, providing a comprehensive portfolio of audit, accountancy, tax, and advisory services.
“Nexia International” also refers to the trading name of Nexia International Limited, a company registered in the Isle of Man, which operates the Nexia International network. Company registration number: 53513C. Registered office: 1st floor, Sixty Circular Road, Douglas, Isle of Man, IM1 1SA.
Nexia International Limited does not deliver services in its own name or otherwise. Nexia International Limited and the member firms of the Nexia International network (including those members which trade under a name which includes the word NEXIA) are not part of a worldwide partnership. Nexia International Limited does not accept any responsibility for the commission of any act, or omission to act by, or the liabilities of, any of its members. Each member firm within the Nexia International network is a separate legal entity.
Nexia International Limited does not accept liability for any loss arising from any action taken, or omission, on the basis of the content on this website or any documentation and external links provided. The trade marks NEXIA INTERNATIONAL, NEXIA, and the NEXIA logo are owned by Nexia International Limited and used under license.
References to Nexia or Nexia International are to Nexia International Limited or to the “Nexia International” network of firms, as the context may dictate.
linkedin
facebook
twitter
email
print
Share
Experience the CLA Promise
Custom information and insights delivered straight to your inbox.
Get to Know Us
Contact Us
Locations
Directory
About
Careers
Email Subscriptions
Global Affiliation
Get Started
Client Login
Pay CLA Bill Online
Email Subscriptions
Industries
Services
Resources
CLA Blogs
Webinars
Media
Call us at 1-888-529-2648.
Privacy policy, terms of use, and disclaimers
CliftonLarsonAllen Wealth Advisors, LLC disclaimers
© 2020 CliftonLarsonAllen. All rights reserved. "CliftonLarsonAllen" and "CLA" refer to CliftonLarsonAllen LLP.
Investment advisory services are offered through CliftonLarsonAllen Wealth Advisors, LLC, an SEC-registered investment advisor.
CliftonLarsonAllen is a member firm of the “Nexia International” network. Nexia International Limited does not deliver services in its own name or otherwise. Nexia International Limited does not accept any responsibility for the commission of any act, or omission to act by, or the liabilities of, any of its members. Each member firm within the Nexia International network is a separate legal entity.
CliftonLarsonAllen is a Minnesota LLP, with more than 120 locations across the United States. The Minnesota certificate number is 00963. The California license number is 7083. The Maryland permit number is 39235. The New York permit number is 64508. The North Carolina certificate number is 26858. If you have questions regarding individual license information, please contact Elizabeth Spencer at elizabeth.spencer@claconnect.com or 425-250-6014.