http://www.renvision.com/privacy-policy
Skip to contentPrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyLast updated: 6/3/20201. SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy describes how RenVision Kitchen & Bath (hereinafter “our” or ” us” or ” we“) collects, uses and discloses personal information that we obtain about you when you access or use our online and/or mobile website at renvision.com (collectively, the ” Site“).Our Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with a clear explanation of how we will collect and use your personal information. For purposes of this policy, when we say “you” we mean a visitor who accesses our Site or uses our Site to obtain information and/or services from us relating to our home and/or commercial contracting services (“Services”). Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.By accessing or using our Site in any way, such as browsing or interacting with it, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, and consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use this Site.Where appropriate and required by law, we will also obtain additional consent by opt in mechanisms such as ticking a box stating your consent, choosing technical settings for a service or website, or other statements or conduct indicating your acceptance to the processing. For your rights with respect to cookies, see our Cookie Notice.Our Site may contain links to other websites. The information practices or the content of such other websites is governed by the privacy statements of such other websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of the other websites to understand their information practices.2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOUa. Generally. Most of the information we collect from you is derived from your voluntarily submitting the information to us in order to receive our Services or the functionality of our Site. We collect personal information about you directly from you, from third parties, and automatically through your use of our Site and use of our Services. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.b. Information we collect directly from you. The personal information we collect from you depends on how you use our Site or Services. For example, without limitation, we may collect the following information from you in connection with the Services:Personal Contact Information. Contact information such as your first name, last name, phone or mobile number, address, and email addressProperty Information. Information associated with the specific Services you need such as home or commercial property repair details, budget, background details about your property including address. We will not post the address of your property on our Site without your consentCommercial property Contacts. For prospective business customers, we need to collect the name and contact information of the property manager and/or owner of the commercial property and their respective business titlesPayment Information. For customers, we will need to collect your payment information such as credit card information or other billing details. If we collect such information online, it will be through a third-party payment processor who will have the duty to securely store such informationFeedback and Photos/Videos. Customer property photos, testimonials (written or video), and reviews which may be posted on our Site only with your consent.For job applicants who apply for a job with us on our Site or on our partners’ third party websites, the following information may be collected:Personal Contact information. Contact information such as your first name, last name, phone or mobile number, address, and email addressWe may collect the above information when you a) seek information about our Services using our web-based forms that you complete or partially complete; b) when you contact us directly to inquire about our services; c) when you book an appointment; d) when you provide responses to surveys/questionnaires; or e) sign up for promotional offerings.Resume and Job Application materials. Resume, cover letter, employment and education background, references, information about your suitability/qualifications for a job. You may be asked questions about your gender, race/ethnic origin, and disabilities for purposes of monitoring equal opportunity compliance. We may inquire about criminal records, where permitted by applicable law. If you provide us with personal information of a reference, it is your obligation to ensure you have obtained consent from that individual prior to providing the information to us. The applicable privacy practices set forth in this Policy shall apply to our collection and handling of your personal information we collect from our Site directly or receive indirectly from our partners.Your Telecommunications with Us May be Recorded: In order to facilitate the Services we provide to you, we may track and record your telephone or cellular communications with us when you use the contact information provided on our Site. If you do not wish to be recorded, then you should not use the Site to contact us by phone or mobile device.c. Information we collect from other websites such as social networking sites. You may sign up for a promotional opportunity on a third-party website for our Services and that third party website such as Facebook may collect personal information from you such as your name, email address, profile picture, which we will have access to. We store the information that we receive from such websites with other information that we collect from you or receive about you.Any third-party social networking site controls the information that it collects from you or receives about you. We have no control over how a third-party site uses or discloses the personal information it collects about you and you should consult their privacy policy for more information about their practices.d. Information We Collect Automatically. When you visit our site, we may automatically collect the following information from you by using cookies, gifs, web beacons and other technology: domain name, IP address, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites visited just before or just after visiting our Site, the pages or other content you view or interact with, the dates and times of the visit and the type of access to our Site. This is data that Google, Facebook, and other standard third-party web and advertising providers supply. We may also use technology to collect and track information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you open, click on, or forward a message.Profiling/personalization. We may also create aggregate and statistical information based on your personal information for the purpose of targeted direct marketing and to improve our products or services. This Profiling and/or personalization of your data includes automated processing of your personal information for evaluating, analyzing or predicting your personal preferences or interests in order to, for example, send you marketing messages concerning products or services best suitable for you. See section below for more information.Please see our Cookie Notice for more details.3. OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION a. To Provide the Services to You. We use the personal information that you provide us in order to a) facilitate the Services you requested, b) send you emails about your account and promotional offerings if consented to and/or with the right to opt out; c) maintain and support the Site including ensuring the functionality and security of our Services; d) track compliance with our Site requirements; and e) to respond to your inquiries. We may also gather research information as to your use and need for our Site and/or Services. We may collect financial information directly or through our third party in order to process payment of fees.b. Develop and Enhance our Services. We may collect and use your personal information to help us develop and enhance our Services. Typically, however, we only use aggregate and statistical information in the development of our products and services, and not data directly identifiable to you. We may also process and use your personal information to personalize our offerings and to provide you with service more relevant to you, for example, to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising. We may combine personal information collected in connection with your use of a particular service with other personal information we may hold about you, except where such personal information was collected for a different purpose. View our Cookie Notice for more details.c. Marketing Communication. We may use your personal information in order to communicate with you about our services you are using such as customer satisfaction inquiries. In accordance with applicable laws, we may use your personal information for personalized marketing or research purposes such as to conduct market research or to tell you about our services or promotions to you. We will permit you the right to opt out of these communications consistent with applicable law. You may contact us at any time to opt out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 6 below.d. Processing your Job Application. We will use the personal information you supply us in connection with a job application to process your application, assess your qualifications for a job, to communicate with you about your application and the job posting, set up meetings with you, conduct reference checks, and overall, to manage our prospective contractual relationship with you. We also may use your personal information to comply with or monitor compliance with applicable law or regulations as required by law; to conduct background checks if we offer you a position subject to your knowledge and consent, and for other necessary administrative purposes such as aggregate management reporting, training, and to generally conduct our business. If you become an employee, your application materials will become part of your employee file and used for other employment-related purposes. Where the processing of your personal information is based on consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time under Section 6 below, subject to any legal or contractual restrictions.4. OUR HANDLING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION: ACCURACY, PROTECTION, MINIMIZATION AND RETENTIONa. Accuracy. We take reasonable steps, as feasible, to ensure the personal information you provide us is accurate and up-to-date and to delete known out-of-date or otherwise incorrect or unnecessary personal information. We are not in control of information you or others store directly on our Site and thus have no obligation to monitor, correct or block such information until we are made aware of a need to take action. You may contact us as set forth in the HOW TO CONTACT US Section below to request corrections to your personal information.b. Protection. We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to prevent and minimize risks associated with providing and processing personal information. We will notify you and take prompt action designed to prevent or stop any known unauthorized access, loss, or disclosure of your personal information.Such security measures include, as appropriate, the use of firewalls, secure server facilities, encryption, access rights management systems and processes, reliance on well-known industry-standard processors, training of our personnel, and other necessary measures to provide appropriate protection for your personal information against unauthorized use or disclosure. Where appropriate, we may also take back-up copies and use other such means to prevent accidental damage or destruction of your personal information. If a particular part of our Site supports on-line transactions, we will use an industry standard security measure, such as the one available through “Secure Sockets Layer” (“SSL”), to protect the confidentiality and security of online transactions.Be advised that no security system can be guaranteed to secure data, however. You should always use appropriate self-protection measures and practice safe browsing on all websites.c. Storage, Minimization, and Retention. We will retain personal information to the extent such retention is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which they are processed. In particular, we shall not retain personal information for any longer than necessary for the purposes of performing the processing outlined in this Privacy Policy. We will also retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIESWe may contract with third-party vendors and suppliers to perform certain functions on our behalf or to enhance our existing product and service offerings. For instance, to help with hosting and storage of this Site, tracking Site use, managing job applications and marketing and communications. We will obtain reasonable efforts to obtain assurances from such third parties that they will safeguard personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy. Upon knowledge that a third party is using or disclosing personal information contrary to this Privacy Policy, we will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure.Billing Information. We may use third party applications to process your payments. If so, when you enter payment information through the Site, you do so through an interface owned and operated by our payment processing vendor, to which you will be redirected automatically from our Site. These third parties will have access to personal information only to the extent necessary for them to perform their services on our behalf and will have the obligation to store your information securely.Publicly Displayed Posting. Any personal information that you post publicly on our Site including your photos, reviews and comments will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public on our Site, copies may remain viewable in cached or archived pages of our Site, or if users have copied or saved that information. If you consent, we may post your testimonial or review on our Site. If you wish to update or delete your Testimonial, you may contact us at:RenVision Kitchen & Bath 1907 West St Annapolis, MD, 21401No Selling or Renting. We will not rent or sell your personal information to others but our affiliates and business partners may contact you with an offer for relevant service offerings such as homeowner financing. We will ensure, however, that you will have the option to inform such third parties of your wish not to receive any further communication. For opt-out options, see Section 6 below.Service Providers. We may store your personal information in locations outside our direct control such as on servers or databases with hosting providers in the United States. We will select industry leaders in the marketplace who have policies and practices in place designed to safeguard your data consistent with this Privacy Policy and to ensure access to your data is restricted to the performance of its services on our behalf.Job Applications. We will limit access to such personal information to personnel and our affiliates that need to know the information for the purposes described in this Policy, including personnel in the recruiting, human resources, legal, information technology, and the department responsible for the position for which you are applying. We may share personal information with approved third-party service providers for assistance with processing your application or for background investigations. For instance, we may use third-party employment-related search engines to post job openings and to collect job applications on our behalf on their website. Your submission of personal information on these third-party websites shall be governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. Upon our receipt of your personal information from these third parties, we will use your personal information as described in this Policy.Marketing and Advertising. We may share personal information with our business partners and vendors who may share information with you about their products or services, such as homeowner financing. To opt-out of our sharing with third parties for their marketing purposes, please send an email as provided for in Section 6 below.We may share non-personal information such as usage and visit data, along with potentially personal information such as IP Addresses to third party partners who can help us understand the usage patterns for our Site. Such results will be in anonymous and aggregate form and will be only used for our marketing purposes or to help improve our Services. More information as to the usage of this type of data and your opt-out rights, if applicable, can be found in our Cookie Notice.In addition, we may partner with third parties to display advertising on our behalf. Our third-party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. More information as to the usage of this type of data and your opt-out rights, if applicable, can be found in our Cookie Notice.Legally Required. We will disclose your information including your personal information where required by law, (e.g., court order or subpoena), or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; to protect the security and integrity of our Site or Services or to enforce or protect the rights of our users or others.Affiliates and Corporate Successors. You agree we may disclose your information including your personal information to our affiliate companies who will abide by the requirements of this Policy including processing your data only for an acceptable reason provided in this Policy. In connection with a corporate change such as a merger or reorganization, your information may also be transferred for use in connection with such corporate change subject to the receiving party agreeing to respect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy. Any corporate change will be posted on our Site.6. YOUR RIGHTS/HOW TO CONTACT USIn accordance with applicable law, you have the right to request information as to what data we hold about you, to request its return, and to request the correction of your personal information.You may at any time withdraw your consent of our use of your personal information, as instructed in our Cookie Notice, in your account settings (if applicable), or by contacting us via email below, as applicable. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable, and in accordance with applicable law. Specifically, you have the right to opt out of any marketing mailings or newsletters you receive from us or our third parties by following the “Unsubscribe” instructions that are contained within the marketing communications. Alternatively, you may email us as provided below and ask that you be removed from further communications and describe which communications you no longer wish to receive.Your California Privacy Rights: California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 provides California residents with the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless we provide adequate opt-out or opt-in protections relating to such use of your personal information. Our option is to provide you with this comprehensive privacy policy that details your options to opt-in or opt-out of marketing communications. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us via the privacy link below.In case of any questions about the collection, processing and/or use of your personal information or to exercise your rights please contact us at:RenVision Kitchen & Bath 1907 West St Annapolis, MD, 214017. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe may amend this Privacy Policy at any time with effect for the future. Please review the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page to determine when this Privacy Policy was last amended. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the date indicated above. By using the Site or providing information to us following such changes, you will have accepted the amended Privacy Policy. If we are going to use personal information collected through the Site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, then we will notify you via email and/or by posting a notice on our Site and/or your account page or by other means as required by law.8. DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYDisclaimer. The Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you provide to us over the internet. Unless otherwise required by law or agreed to by the parties in writing, the Site and any products or services provided on or in connection with the Site are provided on an “as is” basis, without warranties of any kind.Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT a) WE (INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS) SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; AND b) OUR (AND OUR AFFILIATES’ AND SUPPLIERS’) MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY (WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR IN ANY OTHER WAY) UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR YOUR USE OF THE SITE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE LESSER OF A) FEES PAID TO US BY THE YOU DURING THE 12 MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY OR B) $500.Cookie NoticeLast updated: June 3, 2020This Cookie Notice, as part of our Privacy Policy , explains how we uses cookies and similar technologies when you visit our Site, receive marketing emails, or use our Services. We use cookies mainly to improve and analyze your experience on our Site and for marketing purposes.WHAT ARE COOKIES?Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device when you visit a website for recordkeeping and other purposes. If your browser is set to accept cookies, then your browser adds the text in a small file. The cookie is used to save information about the interaction between you and the website, such as login credentials, preferences, and any work in progress. Cookies allow the Site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. The cookie file is automatically stored by your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer or Chrome) on the local hard drive or web-browsing device, to be later retrieved by the website on your next visit.Cookies are widely used by companies in order to make their websites or services function, to enhance efficiency, and to obtain reporting information. Cookies can help a website provide a more user-friendly experience. Without them, you and we (as the service provider) would have no history of your web sessions and you would have to enter your information over and over. The cookies themselves cannot collect any information stored on your computer or your files.Cookies set by us, as the website operator are called “first party cookies.” Cookies set by parties other than the website operator are called “third party cookies.” Third party cookies enable websites to provide third party features or functionality (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your device both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites. Third parties’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies.WHAT KIND OF COOKIES ARE USED BY US?We use first party and third-party cookies for several reasons based on the type of cookies.There are two kinds of cookies: “session” and “persistent.” Session cookies are temporary cookies that last only until you close the browser. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive or device until you erase them or they expire. Both session and persistent cookies may be used in connection with the Site.Cookies can be classified into the following groups:Strictly Necessary or Essential CookiesThese cookies are required for technical reasons for our Site to operate, e.g. for log-in and to access secure areas. These cookies enable you to use the Site and its features and are important tools used to operate and maintain security protections of our Site. Except as indicated otherwise in this Cookie Notice, the cookies used by us are essential for the functioning and performance of our Site, will be deleted from your device once your browser-session has ended (session cookies). We will not use the information stored in essential cookies for any other purpose than as strictly necessary to provide you with the services and functionalities requested. Essential Cookies cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Site will not then work. These cookies do not store personal data.Tracking/Performance/Analytic CookiesAnalytic cookies help us understand how individuals use and interact with our Site, electronic communications, and Services. These cookies collect information as to which pages visitors go to most often, what region visitors are in, and what device they use. This data is aggregated and therefore anonymous and allows us to improve our website performance. We use third party analytic cookies from Google Analytics, the web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.Preference/Functionality cookiesFunctionality cookies allow the website to remember choices made by visitors (such as user name, language, or region) and provide enhanced and more personalized features. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. These cookies are not essential for using and navigating the website, but without them certain functionality may be unavailable. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.Advertising/Targeting CookiesThese are cookies used to deliver advertisements relevant to you and your interests. These cookies may include remarketing/retargeting cookies, which remember that you visited our site after you leave and share that information with third-party vendors such as Facebook and Google. They do not store directly personal data but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will still see advertising but they may not be relevant to you.In addition to the above cookies, our Site may use social media buttons, such as a Facebook or Twitter “share” or “like” buttons. These features may collect your IP address and page you are visiting on our Site, and they set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. You may be given the option by using these buttons to post information about your activities on our Site to a profile page of yours. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant social media buttons.USING COOKIES WITH YOUR CONSENTWhen you access our Site, we will ask for your consent to place cookies on your device by displaying a cookie banner. The cookie banner leads you to information about the types and purposes of our cookie use including your options for disabling the cookie use with links to access further information as set forth below. Your continued use of our Site signifies your consent to the described cookie practices contained in this Notice. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your Cookie Consent and opt-out at any time by managing your cookie settings as set forth below or by contacting us as described in our Privacy Policy.MANAGING YOUR COOKIE SETTINGSYou have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. Because strictly necessary cookies are essential to deliver our Site and Services, you cannot refuse them.Most browsers are set up to accept cookies as the default. You can modify your settings to generally refuse cookies, to delete cookies that have already been placed on your device, or to warn you before a cookie is placed. You need to ensure that each browser on each device (e.g., computer, smartphone, tablet) is modified to reflect your cookie preferences. Please refer to your browser instructions or to www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Site and access our Services, but functionality and performance could be restricted.Disabling Interest Based Advertising: Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. For businesses who participate in the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, you may visit their opt-out pages to learn more about how to opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads.Do Not Track: Some Internet browsers – like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari – include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Site does not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.Google AdWords Cookies Opt Out: See https://adssettings.google.com/ for more information.If you have inquiries and need more information, please review our Privacy Policy or contact us at:RenVision Kitchen & Bath 1907 West St Annapolis, MD, 21401CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE NOTICEWe may update this Cookie Notice from time to time in order to reflect changes to the cookies we use or for other technical, operational or legal reasons. Please re-visit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies. If required by applicable law, we will give you notice of material or substantive changes to this Cookie Notice. The date at the top of the Cookie Notice indicates when it was last updated. Our ProcessBathroom RemodelingBathroom RemodelingADA Approved Bathroom RenovationBasement BathroomCustom ShowersFreestanding TubPull & ReplaceGalleryReviewsCabinetsBlog
info@renvision.com
240-335-8375