http://www.metalbot.com/privacy-policy.html
Talbot Associates - Provider of Metal Castings
& other Metal Forming Processes
Phone: (973) 376-9570  •  Fax: (973) 376-7617  •   E-Mail: sales@metalbot.com
HOME      ABOUT US      SALES TEAM      PRINCIPAL LIST      RFQ      CONTACT US
PROCESSES
Die Castings
Investment Castings
Permanent Mold Castings
Plaster Mold Castings
Sand Castings
Semi Solid Molding (SSM)
Fabrications
Extrusions
Stampings
Sheet Metal
Metal Injection Molding (MIM)
Casting Guide
Talbot Associates, Inc. Privacy Policy
Talbot Associates, Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information CollectedIf you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only the policy of Talbot Associates, Inc.'s website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Talbot Associates, Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
CookiesTalbot Associates, Inc.'s website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationTalbot Associates, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that Talbot Associates, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Talbot Associates, Inc. and is effective as of November 1, 2005. This statement does not create an agreement between Talbot Associates, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact UsTalbot Associates, Inc.11 Cleveland PlaceSpringfield, NJ 07081-1507Tel: (973) 376-9570Fax:(973) 376-7617E-mail: sales@metalbot.com
Talbot Associates, Inc.     11 Cleveland Place      Springfield,      NJ      07081-1507
Phone: (973) 376-9570     Fax: (973) 376-7617     www.metalbot.com     Email: sales@metalbot.com
privacy policy     site map