http://www.edidistributors.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are firmly committed to privacy on the Web generally, and to the individual privacy of visitors to our website. We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate this commitment and to keeping you informed of our policies.
The three areas of privacy and information collection that website users are generally concerned about are (1) information you voluntarily provide, (2) information automatically collected by our servers through the use of the site and (3) the use of “cookies”.
Our policy on these issues is outlined for you below.
Any changes in our privacy policy will be found on this page. If you ever have any questions or concerns about your privacy on our website, please re-visit this page or contact us.
Information We Voluntarily Collect
Order Form
In processing your online order, we require that you provide us with contact, billing and shipping information. This information is used solely to process your order and, if necessary, to contact you about your order. This information is shared only with those third parties that are involved in the processing of your order, such as the financial institution that issued your credit card and the shipping carrier that delivers your order.
Contact Forms
Our main contact forms require only your name and e-mail address, which is necessary to enable us to respond to your questions and/or comments. Other information on these forms is optional. The information you provide in these forms is used only for this purpose, and it is not shared with anyone outside of www.edidistributors.com. Our Return Goods Authorization form requires additional information to enable you to return damaged or defective products. This information is shared only with third parties that are involved in processing your replacement order.
Information We Automatically Collect
IP Address
An “IP address” is a unique Internet ID, which is standard and routinely associated with each connection to the Internet. These are not usually associated with personal information about the individual visitor to a website.
In order to monitor activity levels on our site, and for general security purposes and to aid us in identifying possible credit card misuse, our servers automatically record the IP addresses of website visitors. This information is generally only available to our staff and website hosting administrators, and is not otherwise shared with third parties.
If requested and necessary, and with proper authorizations, we may share this information with the financial institution that issued the credit card with which an order was placed, the shipping company or with proper law enforcement authorities.
Cookies or Shopper/Session ID
A “Cookie” is a piece of information that is stored on your computer when you visit a website. Some cookies are temporary and remain on your computer only as long as your session at that website or as long as your browser is open. Other cookies remain on your hard disk, but take up very little space, and are used to identify and offer personalized service to repeat visitors.
When you visit our site, we assign you a unique Shopper/Session ID, which will be stored onto your computer in the form of a cookie. The purpose of this is to enable your shopping basket while you shop with us.
If you prefer not to be assigned a Shopper/Session ID and have this stored as a cookie, you can disable cookie support in your browser. Doing this, however, may disable the shopping basket feature of our site.
Questions or Assistance
Again, any changes in our privacy policy will be found on this page. If you ever have any questions or concerns about your privacy on our website, please re-visit this page or contact us.