http://www.iagtechnology.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
By using our website you agree to our privacy policy as well as terms and conditions:
IAG Technology Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We use your information to provide you the required solution and/or information; or to contact you; or to communicate with you. We do not and will not provide any of your personal or business information to other companies or individuals without your specific request and permission. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What We Collect
We record the basic information provided by your web browser when you access our website. This information is technical and does not contain sensitive personal details. This might include: your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation and etc. We use this data to assist with problems that may arise in relation to this website and to aggregate access trends to provide a better browsing experience.
When you register your contact details with us, we may collect the following information: Name and Job title, Contact information including email address, telephone numbers, company, address, preferences, requirements and interests.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to our registered company address with Companies House. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. For more details, please contact us.
IAG Technology
Unit 4,
Leaches Farm Business Centre
Kingswood, Aylesbury
Bucks, HP18 0RF
01296 483838
INFO@IAG.TECH
LATEST NEWS ON AV, IT & EDUCATION
Currently Preparing the IAG Twitter Feed...