http://www.cccu.com/privacy
Skip Content
Search
Search
X
For You
Borrow
Mortgages
Mortgage FAQ
Home Equity Loans
Student Loans
Auto Loans
Personal Loans
Loan Rates
Apply For A Loan
Manage
Direct Deposit
Forms
Mobile Banking
Online Banking
eStatements
eStatements FAQ
Bill Pay
Reorder Checks
Digital Wallet
My FICO Score
Save
Health Savings Account
Savings Accounts
Youth Savings Accounts
Deposit Rates
Investing
Spend
Checking
ATM/Debit Cards
Open Checking
Refer A Friend
Credit Cards
Gift Cards & Prepaid Cards
For Your Business
Borrow
Secured Loans
Commercial Construction Loans
SBA Loans
Commercial Real Estate Loans
Ready Reserve Line of Credit
Standby Letters of Credit
Term Loans
Manage
Direct Deposit
Merchant Processing
Mobile Banking
Online Banking
eStatements
eStatements FAQ
Bill Pay
Reorder Checks
Small Business Resources
Save
Business Deposit Rates
Business Savings Accounts
Spend
Business Checking
Business Credit Cards
Financial Education
Financial Fitness Center
Classes & Events
Calculators
Financial Counseling
Greater Good
Money on the Bookshelf
Fraud & Identity Theft
Banking Security Resources
Fraud FAQ
About Us
CCCU Overview
Careers
News & Promotions
Eligibility
Schedule an Appointment
Find a Branch/ATM
Contact Us
SEARCH
×
×
Login to CCCU Online
Federally Insured by NCUA
×
Just a Heads Up
By selecting ‘Continue’ you will be leaving the City & County Credit Union (CCCU) website.
CCCU is not responsible for accuracy, security, content, or services offered by other websites and their privacy and security policies might differ from ours. CCCU does not represent either the third party or the user if you enter into a transaction on the linked site.
We hope you will visit us again soon.
Continue Cancel
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy Website
For statistical and security purposes, City & County Credit Union tracks the Internet protocol addresses, browser type, domain names, and the previous site visited of the users who contact our website.
E-Mail:
Use of our website does not require users to disclose personally identifying information. Those who e-mail the credit union should be aware that any information attached to that e-mail address, such as name or workplace, will be revealed to City & County Credit Union. It is CCCU's pledge that those who communicate with us via e-mail, their e-mail information will be used only to respond to their comments or questions. CCCU will not sell our members' e-mail addresses, or share our members' e-mail addresses with any other third party. The exception would be if we were required to share this information by statute, regulation or court order.
Cookies:
City & County Credit Union may use cookies within this website to enhance the user's experience. Our home banking service, PC First, uses cookies set on our members' personal computer, which enables them to conduct transactions on their accounts. Our contract with the online vendor addresses confidentiality of the personal information those cookies contain.
Bulletin Boards and Chat Rooms:
Members should be aware that information they post to an online bulletin board or chat room, name, e-mail address and any other information can be accessed by others viewing the online message board. This could result in members receiving unsolicited e-mail or marketing material from parties that City & County Credit Union has no control over. Bulletin boards and chat rooms are a public forum.
Marketing Solicitations:
City & County Credit Union may solicit personal information from members on a voluntary basis. This information will be used for a specific promotion or to enable the credit union to contact members with additional information about our products and services.
Electronic Documentation Delivery:
City & County Credit Union may solicit personal information from members, so they may receive services such as electronic statement delivery.
Google Analytics
We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know exactly what we do with information we gather from your visits to our website.
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use this site. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google which uses “cookies,” text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports that let us know what pages and information are useful and helpful to you.
We will never use the information gathered to track or collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII), nor will we ever allow third parties to track or collect any information that can personally identify you. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
Click here for Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web.
City & County Credit Union reserves the right to change this policy at any time by posting and disclosing a new privacy policy.