http://www.advance.com.au/general/privacy-policy.asp
Log in to: Investor Online | Adviser Exchange | AdviserNetAdvance
Funds
Diversified Multi-Blend Funds
Advance Defensive Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Moderate Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Balanced Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Growth Multi-Blend Fund
Advance High Growth Multi-Blend Fund
Sector Multi-Blend Funds
Advance Australian Fixed Interest Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Australian Shares Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Cash Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Defensive Yield Multi-Blend Fund
Advance International Fixed Interest Multi-Blend Fund
Advance International Shares Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Property Securities Multi-Blend Fund
Single Manager Funds
Prices & Performance
Unit prices
Distributions
Product Disclosure Statements
Sustainable investing
Forms & Documents
Forms
Product Disclosure Statements
Annual Financial Reports
Regulatory & PDS Updates
Market Insights
Market Insights
Perils of Market Timing
Asset class performance
About Advance
Investment Team
Advance Representatives
Sustainable Investing
Find an adviser
Contact Us
Print this page
Privacy Policy
At Advance your privacy is important to us.
When you trust us with your personal information, you expect us to protect it and keep it safe.
We are bound by the Privacy Act and will protect your personal information in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles.  These principles govern how we can collect, use, hold and disclose your personal information.
This is a summary of our Privacy Policy. Download a copy of our full Privacy Policy (accessible PDF 180kb - opens in a new window), view the full Privacy Policy online, or contact us for a free printed copy.
What kinds of personal information do we collect and hold?
When you apply for our products or services, we collect information that is necessary to be able to provide you with those products or services. For instance, we may ask for identification information such as your name, address and date of birth.
Why do we collect, hold, use and disclose personal information?
The main reason we collect, use, hold and disclose personal information is so we can provide you with products and services. This may include:
Checking your eligibility for the product or service;
Providing you with the product or service; and
Helping you manage the product or service.
How do we collect personal information?
We collect most personal information directly from you. We may also collect information from you electronically; for instance, when you visit our website. Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other people. For instance, from other Westpac Group companies or from publicly available sources of information.
How do we hold personal information?
Much of the personal information we hold will be stored electronically in secure Westpac Group owned data centres. These data centres are located in Australia. We use a range of security measures to protect the personal information we hold.
Who do we disclose your personal information to, and why?
We may share your personal information with other Westpac Group companies. Sometimes we may disclose your personal information to organisations outside the Westpac Group. For example, service providers such as mailing houses, insurers, and credit reporting bodies.
Do we disclose personal information overseas?
We may disclose your personal information to recipients located outside Australia. These entities may include:
Westpac Group companies;
Westpac Group service providers; and
Partner organisations.
Do we use or disclose personal information for marketing?
We will use your personal information to offer you products and services that we believe may interest you.  We will not do this if you tell us not to.
We may also disclose your personal information to companies outside the Westpac Group who assist us to market our products and services.
If you don’t want to receive marketing offers from us please contact us on the details listed in the contact us section.
Access to and correction of personal information
You can request access to the personal information we hold about you.  You can also ask for corrections to be made.  To do so, please contact us on the details listed in the contact us section.
Resolving your privacy concerns and complaints - your rights
If you are concerned about how your personal information is being handled or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us on the details in the contact us section below.  If you are unhappy with our response, there are other bodies you can go to. View details of the bodies who can consider your complaint.
Contact us
If there is anything you would like to discuss, please contact us. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices, contact us by:
calling Customer Relations on 1800 819 935
emailing investorservices@advance.com.au
visiting www.bt.com.au
writing to us at Advance Asset Management Limited, GPO Box B87, Perth WA 6838
Our Privacy officer can also be contacted in relation to privacy concerns by writing to:
GPO Box 5265
Sydney NSW 2001
Contact us
Financial Services Guide
Site map
License & reference numbers
Legal Disclaimer
BT
Privacy Policy
© Advance Asset Management Limited (Advance) ABN 98 002 538 329, Australian Financial Services Licence No. (AFSL) 240902 is a member of the Westpac Banking Corporation (Westpac) Group..