http://www.mediafirst.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Back to menu
0118 918 0530
About us
About us
Why us?
Services
Online learning
Training by videoconference
Media training
Message development and testing
Presentation skills training
Crisis management testing
Crisis communication training
Leadership communication training
Writing skills training
Social media training
Content creation
Video sound bites
Our clients
Our clients
Sectors
Video Testimonials
Blog
Blog
Blog signup
Free downloads
Videos
Studios
Training team
Contact
0118 918 0530
Privacy policy
IntroductionAt Media First we aim to respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the confidentiality of your personal information.In this privacy policy, we have provided details as to the type of information we collect from you, what we do with that information and why.Contact email address: info@mediafirst.co.ukWhat information do we collect from you and how do we use it?From time to time, you may be asked to submit personal information about yourself on our website; such as your full name, the company you currently work at or your email address. We take your privacy very seriously and will only use the personal details you give, to provide you with the information about products and services you have requested from us.If you provide the email address of a third party to Media First, we understand that you have permission to use this email address.We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested and will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.Do we share your data?Any information you provide to Media First will only be used within Media First.However, if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to www.mediafirst.co.uk or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on our website, Media First can use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop such behaviour.This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer, e-mail/Internet provider and law enforcement agencies about the content.Live ChatIf you engage with the Live Chat function on our website, we ask you to enter your name and email address. This information allows us to be more personable when dealing with your queries and to contact you further if the query is ongoing.As well as this, we may forward your information to other members of our Media First staff such as account managers if the query is ongoing. This is to ensure you are in contact with the relevant people and that we can give you the most relevant information. This information will not be shared externally (see the above paragraph for exceptions).Email mailing listsWe collect your personal information as part of the process for receiving our email content. We may also use this information to contact you if we believe any of it may need updating to keep our records correct.We use a third-party provider, Communigator, to deliver our email content. This provider allows us to gather statistics surrounding the delivery of those emails in order for us to monitor and improve them in the future. You can find Communigator’s privacy policy here.You can click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we send and this will halt any future email correspondence from us unless you choose to subscribe again in the future.Accessing your personal dataUnder the Data Protection Act, you have the right to know whether we are currently processing any of the information we hold about you, and if we are, why we are doing so. You also have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.You also have the right to request your personal data is removed from our system. To do this please address your requests to the Data Protection Officer, Media First, Holybrook House, 63 Castle Street, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 7SN or contact info@mediafirst.co.uk.DisclaimerAs far as is reasonably possible, Media First will ensure that information provided on this website is accurate. Media First cannot accept any liability whatsoever for omission or error. Equally, as we regularly virus check materials, we cannot accept any responsibility for any disruption of damage that may occur during use of this website.Users of this site may not print, download or in any manner copy images or text from the site, except for personal, non-commercial use, without permission from Media First. Please email us at info@mediafirst.co.uk if you wish to do so.CookiesRead more about our cookie policy here.
Contact Us
Get in touch to discuss your training needs 0118 918 0530 or hello@mediafirst.co.uk or tell us how we can help…
First Name
Last Name
Company Name
Email Address
Telephone
Questions or Comments
Start the conversation
SUBMITTING…
Collapse
Thank you for your message. We'll be in touch as soon as possible.
© Media First 2020. All rights reserved. Web design by Thirty Seven. Privacy and Cookies.