http://www.goodcook.com/privacy-policy/
Free Recipes! Enter Email
About us
Recipes
Salads
Side Dishes
Appetizers
Bread
Breakfast
Desserts
Main Dishes
Beverages
Slow Cooker
Lunch
Dinner
Holiday
PRODUCTS
GADGETS
TOOLS
BAKEWARE
COOKWARE
VIDEOS
MEAL PREP
Meet Our Ambassadors
Festive Holiday Cheese Plate
Though anticipation of the holiday season is often sweet, when it finally arrives, December so often comes with stress. Between present-hunting, gift wrapping and holiday parties, there's never enough time to live up to those best laid intentions.
To help you survive ...
Winter Fruit Sangria
We heart easy entertaining, and red wine sangria is an effortless way to spread good party cheer. Dressed with sliced fruit and vibrant berries, a pitcher of sangria makes an impressive display on a bar cart or side table. Get ...
Perfect No-Puff Sugar Cookies
Want to get that gorgeous, professional look to your sugar cookies? Then, you're going to need this recipe! A simple, 5-ingredient dough that bakes up without losing shape, you can use cutters of any size to create beautiful cookies that ...
Your Privacy Rights
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information gathered by Bradshaw Home (collectively “we,” “us,” or “our”) in the process of providing this website, services, information, tools, functionality, updates and similar materials (collectively, the “Service”) and in the course of selling our products (“Products”), how we use it, with whom the information may be shared, what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of information and our efforts to protect the information you provide to us through the Service. By using the Service, you hereby consent to allow us to process information in accordance with this policy.
We may collect information through our website located at bradshawhome.com, cleanerhomeliving.com, casabella.com, bialetti.us, goodcook.com, infuseclean.com, and any other site on which this policy is posted (including any subdomains each, a “Website”, and collectively, the “Websites”).
This policy is subject to change. If our information retention or usage practices change, we will let you know by posting the Privacy Policy changes on the Service and/or otherwise making you aware of the changes. Please refer to the “Effective Date” above to see when this Policy was last updated.
Information Collected
We collect two types of information about and from persons who use the Services: Personal Information and Anonymous Information.
“Personal Information” is information that is personally identifiable to you, such as your name, address, email address or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with the foregoing. Anything you publicly post or that is available publicly will not be considered Personal Information, and will be outside the restrictions of this policy.
“Anonymous Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. We may create Anonymous Information from (i) automatically gathered information or (ii) Personal Information by excluding information (such as name) that may make the information personally identifiable to you.
The below companies may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you engage with websites or ads and other commercial purposes. For more information about the collection, use and sale of your personal data and your rights, please use the below links.
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/
Personal Information Collected
We collect certain Personal Information about you or about those you identify, which may be supplied when you interact with the Service, complete a survey, make a purchase, create an account with us participate on social media accounts involving the Services, submit an invention, apply for a job with us, when you request services, or otherwise when you submit such information on any other place on the websites. The information collected may include, but is not limited to, one or more of the following:
Name
Address
phone number
Email
Birthday
Gender
Relationship Status
Although it may appear that we collect payment card numbers, we process payments through a third-party and do not have access to your card numbers.
The Service may be integrated with third-party social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter (“Platforms”). If you interact with the Platforms through the Service, the Platforms may make additional personal information about you available to us.  Any personal information you have chosen to share on any of Bradshaw Home’s social media pages will be visible to persons visiting those pages, and privacy on those pages is governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies.
Our websites includes social media widgets, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube widgets. These features collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on our websites, and they set a cookie to make sure their features function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
The Service may request access to information stored on your device, such as photographs, and will collect such information that you permit.
Anonymous Information
Anonymous Information is collected about you when you use the Services, including but not limited to enrollment history, the type of device you used and its operating system, the pages accessed most frequently, how pages are used, search terms entered, and similar data.  We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so.
Automatically Tracking Internet Protocol (IP) addresses is one method of automatically collecting information about your activities online and information volunteered by you. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your device whenever you surf the internet. Further, the Services may utilize web beacons, pixel tags, cookies, embedded links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools. Some of these cookies and tools may be third-party storage technologies provided by associates such as Facebook or Google. These cookies may be combined with your Personal Information as associated with your profile, and when they are, they will be considered Personal Information. Third-parties that collect cookies through the Service may also store such information in connection with other personal information about you, subject to those own providers’ privacy policies.
Although it may be possible to turn off the collection of cookies through your device, that may interfere with your use of the Services.  Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features, content, or personalization available through the websites.  Additionally, if you would like to avoid cookies, view our websites in “privacy mode.”
Use of Information
Internal Use of Information by Us
We accept and gather Personal Information and Anonymous Information in an effort to provide the Services to you and to provide to you products that you may purchase.
We may use Personal Information to help us develop and improve our products and Services, fulfill your requests, send materials to you and enable us to contact you if any problems arise from your transactions with us inform you about our offers and those of others, tailor our products and Services to meet our customers’ interests, respond to your requests or questions for information about your account or transactions, comply with applicable law, and for other purposes permitted by law.
We may use Anonymous Information to monitor the usage of our website services, assess performance, ensure technological compatibility with your device, and understand the relative importance of the information provided on the services. We may also use this data to conduct statistical analyses on visitors’ usage patterns, such as surveying webpage duration, and other data in an aggregated and anonymous manner.  We may use location information to provide features of our websites, which includes improving and customizing our services. You can enable or disable location services when you use our websites at any time by way of your device settings.
We may use Anonymous Information, non-Personal Information or Personal Information for any business purpose permitted by law.
Sharing Collected Information
We may share personal and non-personal information with our business associates, consultants, service providers, advisors and affiliates in order for them to provide services to us, to you, and to enable us to provide the Service and sell the Products. For example, our host and internet service provider may have access to this information to support our websites, and a representative may call, text or e-mail you, if you have indicated an interest in one or more of our Products. Similarly, we may share your information with our suppliers, product manufacturers, shipment providers, and other vendors.
We do not and will not sell or trade your personal information that directly identifies you to any third party outside of Bradshaw Home.
We may disclose aggregate information in connection with marketing and publicity relating to the Service and Products.
We may further disclose information we collect with business associates for their own business purposes, in which such information and use will be governed by their own privacy policies.
Data about your activities online may be collected for use in providing advertising tailored to your individual interests, either by us, our affiliates, or third parties. We work with third parties such as network advertisers and ad exchanges to serve advertisements across the internet and may use third party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third party websites and viewing of ads and of our content.
Our Service may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, to help us analyze how users use the Service, analyze ad impressions, your use of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services You may be able to opt-out of Google’s collection. Please visit Google’s Ads Preferences Manager or the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for more information.
Further, we may disclose collected information to the extent we believe it necessary to comply with the law, such as in response to a subpoena or court order, to defend a legal claim, to prevent property damage or physical harm, to assist law enforcement or otherwise as permitted by applicable law. Additionally, we may transfer your information to successor in interest, which may include but may not be limited to a third-party in the event of an acquisition, sale, merger or bankruptcy.
Storage and Processing
Personal information collected on our websites, or received by Bradshaw Home from you or third parties, may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities.
The servers and databases in which information is be stored may be located outside the country from which you accessed the website(s) and in a country that does not have the same privacy laws as your country of residence. The personal information you provide us may be transmitted abroad, but we will collect, process and use personal Information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
RETENTION
We keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this privacy policy, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Links
Our Service may contain links to other websites or to third-party applications. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of such other sites. When you leave our Service to visit another website or application, please read the privacy statements of websites that may collect personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Service and in its general business activities.
EMPLOYMENT-RELATED INFORMATION
Employment-related information and queries may be transferred to any member of the Bradshaw home family of companies. By visiting our websites and submitting information, you consent to such collection, processing, transfer and/or storage of your personal information.
Security
We employ procedural and technical safeguards to secure personal information against loss, theft, alteration, and unauthorized access, use and disclosure. We also employ security procedures to protect information from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company.
Regardless of the precautions we take, no transmission of data over the Internet is completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
E-Mail and Electronic Newsletters
We may offer electronic newsletters and e-mails concerning available properties, as well as new products and services, or may provide other marketing materials as a service to our users. Users may receive newsletters and e-mails concerning promotions and marketing of ours or of our business partners, after registering with the Service or after engaging with us in person or through our agents.
If you have received a message from us, and you no longer wish to receive such materials, you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each electronic newsletter and e-mail.
Please note that you may be required to separately opt out of any e-mails sent by our business associates.
Children and Privacy
We do not knowingly permit users to register for our Service if they are under 13 years old, and therefore do not request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
If we become aware that a customer is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable registration information from our files. If you are the parent or guardian of a person under the age of 13 who has provided personally identifiable information to us without your approval, please inform us by contacting us at the e-mail address below and we will remove such information from our database.
Do Not Track
At present, the Service does not specifically respond to automated browser do-not-track signals.
California Privacy Rights
California law allows California residents to request information regarding our disclosures in the prior calendar year, if any, of their personally identifiable information to third parties. To make such a request, please contact us at help@bradshawhome.com  with “Request for Privacy Information” in the subject line. Please include enough detail for us to locate your file; at a minimum, your name, email, and username, if any. We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty (30) days of receipt. We reserve our right not to respond to requests sent more than once in a calendar year, or requests submitted to an address other than the one posted in this notice. Please note that this law does not cover all information sharing. Our disclosure only includes information covered by the law.
For more information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please click here.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
By Mail:
Bradshaw Home
9408 Buffalo Avenue
Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
By Email:
help@bradshawhome.com
Search
Meet Our AmbassadorsVisit our Amazon StoreMeet Our Meal Prep Line
Our Most Popular Ideas Ever
One-Pot Chicken Bacon Alfredo Pa...
How To Make Waffles Without A Wa...
5-Ingredient Creamy Chicken Taco...