http://www.wswa.org/privacy-policy
WSWA's Privacy Policy
Personal Information
The only personal information collected by Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America through this Web site is provided on a completely voluntary basis. Those portions of the Web site which have an option to input personally identifiable information, contain a description of the potential uses of such information. Any personally identifiable information will not be sold, rented or used outside of Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America unless the user is first notified and expressly consents to such transfer.
Collective/Aggregate Data
The Web site does collect information from you that is not personally identifiable. For example, we track information about the date and time visitors access the site, the type of Web browser they used, and the Web site from which they connected to our site. The Web site collects this information by depositing certain bits of information called "cookies" in a visitor's computer. This technology does not collect an individual visitor's personally identifiable information, but collects in an aggregate form. The information collected will be used to improve the design of the Web site in the future.
All responses to the surveys are transmitted directly to an independent Web hosting company, not Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America. Responses will be used in aggregate form for research and educational materials.
Links To Other Sites
Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America provides links to additional resources as a service to visitors. While care is taken to select high quality Web sites, Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America cannot guarantee the standards of every Web site to which we link (See Legal Notice and Disclaimers). Wine and Spirits Wholesalers of America is not responsible for the content of any third-party site. We also cannot guarantee the privacy policies of any other sites and suggest that you check the privacy policies of those sites directly.
Security
All information transmitted to this Web site is secure to the extent possible. Unauthorized third parties should not be able to access it during transmission. We will store the information that you share with us securely and will take steps to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure, but please note that no security steps can offer 100 percent protection.