https://www.crhamericas.com/legal-compliance
Search
Close
Products
Locations
Careers
Oldcastle APG
Oldcastle BuildingEnvelope®
Oldcastle Infrastructure
Americas Materials
Projects
About Us
Leadership
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
Legal & Compliance
Compliance & Ethics
Code of Business Conduct
At CRH plc, we believe that “there is never a good business reason to do the wrong thing.” Our Code of Business Conduct (“COBC”), outlining our core values of integrity, honesty and respect for the law, ensures that we hold ourselves to the highest ethical standards and fulfill our obligations to each of our many stakeholders. The COBC is provided to each employee at the time of hire to emphasize that every employee must incorporate CRH plc’s values into their daily responsibilities.
CRH plc strives for exceptional financial performance and growth, and it believes that such excellence can only be achieved by ensuring that our daily business activities are carried out to the highest possible standards.
Download a copy of the Code of Business Conduct
Raising a Business Conduct Concern
CRH plc encourages employees and external parties to “Speak Up” about good faith concerns of violations of the COBC. Communicating directly with local company management regarding your concerns is always encouraged; however, we recognize that sometimes that may not seem appropriate or possible. In such cases, you may contact the CRH Hotline, which allows concerns to be raised anonymously. To report a concern, you may call 1-800-220-7505 (in the U.S. and Canada) or report a concern online by clicking here.
You may always report a good faith concern without fear of retaliation, which will not be tolerated at CRH plc. CRH plc will investigate any allegation of retaliation and take action as may be appropriate and in accordance with applicable local law.
Supplier Code of Conduct
CRH plc places business ethics and sustainability at the forefront of all business interactions, including those with our suppliers, recognizing they are key stakeholders in the success of our business.
We expect our suppliers to share our unwavering commitment to ethical business practices and meet our standards including respect for human rights, health & safety and the environment.
Download a copy of the Supplier Code of Conduct
Commitment to Human Rights
CRH plc is fully committed to human rights and supports the principles set out in the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, the United Nations’ Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labor Organization (ILO) Core Labor Principles.
As part of this commitment, CRH plc has published a Statement – Commitment to Human Rights – Tackling Modern Slavery, in which it outlines its efforts to combat any abuse of human rights and the steps being taken to ensure slavery or human trafficking do not occur within its sphere of influence.
Terms and Conditions
By accessing and browsing this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the following terms and conditions of use. If you do not agree, please discontinue your use of this website.
Modification of Terms
CRH plc may, at any time and without notice, amend these terms and conditions (“Terms”), or may limit or deny access to, or change the content of, the website. You should periodically visit this CRH plc website to review the current Terms to which you are bound. These Terms are applicable to all CRH plc North American websites. When leaving this website, whether or not to visit another CRH plc website, please read the website terms and the privacy policy applicable to such website to ensure you understand and agree with the terms applicable to that website.
Applicability
Information and materials displayed on the website, including without limitation, product pricing, specifications, warranty and/or other information, are applicable to products sold in the United States and not necessarily to CRH plc products sold in other markets.
Restricted Use and Copyrights
All photographs, audio and video clips, picture images, graphics, links, website architecture, format, layout and data structures, and all other items contained on the website, are copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used in any manner, except as provided in these Terms or in the website text, without CRH plc’s prior written permission. Images of people or places and CRH plc products are either property of, or used with permission by, CRH plc. Any unauthorized use of these materials may violate copyright, trademark and privacy laws and other applicable statutes. You may browse this website and download or print a copy of material displayed on the website for your personal use only and not for redistribution, unless consented to in writing by CRH plc. This limited consent shall automatically terminate upon your breach of any of these website Terms.
Trademarks
CRH plc, Belgard®, Dufferin Stone® and other CRH plc product names, model numbers, logos, commercial symbols, trade names and slogans are trademarks and the distinctive shapes of CRH plc. You are prohibited from using any of the marks appearing on this website without the express prior written consent of CRH plc, except as permitted by applicable laws. Other marks and logos shown on this website may be marks owned by third parties not affiliated with CRH plc and are used with permission. Nothing shown on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any permission, license or right to use any trademark, service mark or trade name displayed on this website without the written permission of CRH plc or the third party owner. The use of any CRH plc logo or mark, whether registered or unregistered, as a hyperlink to this website or any other CRH plc website is strictly prohibited unless consented to in writing by CRH plc.
Disclaimers
All data contained on the website relating to third party products or services, including but not limited to, prices, availability of service or product, product feature or service coverage, if any, should be verified with the party supplying the product or service. CRH plc may at any time without notice amend the data displayed on the website. While CRH plc endeavors to periodically update posted information, not all information may be current, and CRH plc does not guarantee the accuracy or reliability of such data. Specifications on the website are for comparison purposes only. Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price (MSRP) excludes transportation fees, taxes, license, title, optional or regionally required equipment. Actual dealer price may vary. CRH plc is not responsible for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on any data contained on this website.
This website is provided as a convenience to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis. CRH plc does not warrant that your access to these CRH plc websites will be uninterrupted or error-free. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON- INFRINGEMENT, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IS MADE IN RELATION TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF THE CRH plc SITES. CRH plc SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA OR LOSSES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF CRH plc HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CRH plc assumes no responsibility and/or liability for any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of or arising out of your use of or access to this website. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties or limitations of liability, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. CRH plc’s liability in any case shall, however, be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
Links
CRH plc may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third parties, including authorized CRH plc dealers. When visiting these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. You should review and determine if you agree to a particular site’s terms and conditions of use before using such site. CRH plc does not control these sites and assumes no responsibility for their content. A link to a non-CRH plc site does not imply that CRH plc endorses the site or the products or services described on such sites.
Submissions
Any communication or material you transmit to the website (including feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, orders, requests or the like) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. All materials transmitted to the website becomes the property of CRH plc and may be used for any purpose. CRH plc may publish the material and/or incorporate it or any concepts described in it in our products without compensation, restrictions on use, acknowledgement of source, accountability, or liability.
Governing Law
This website is governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Georgia and, where applicable, U.S. federal law.
©2020 CRH Americas. All Rights Reserved.
Legal & Compliance
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Notice at Collection
CRH PLC
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter