http://www.thermasol.com/terms
CEU
AUTHORIZED RESELLER PORTAL
TCP LOGIN
FIND A DEALER
SUPPORT
ABOUT
PRODUCTS
DESIGN Your Steamshower
CONSULTATION
MEDIA
CEU
AUTHORIZED RESELLER PORTAL
TCP LOGIN
FIND A DEALER
SUPPORT
ABOUT
PRODUCTS
DESIGN YOUR STEAM SHOWER
CONSULTATION
MEDIA
Home
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these
web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations,
and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local
laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from
using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are
protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials
(information or software) on ThermaSol's web site for personal,
non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license,
not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on ThermaSol's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by ThermaSol at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on ThermaSol's web site are provided "as is". ThermaSol makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, ThermaSol does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall ThermaSol or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on ThermaSol's Internet site, even if ThermaSol or a ThermaSol authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on ThermaSol's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. ThermaSol does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. ThermaSol may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. ThermaSol does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
ThermaSol has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by ThermaSol of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
ThermaSol may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to ThermaSol's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
WARNING: Always have shower closed when steam shower is operating.
Do not use this product unless you have consulted with your doctor and received written permission to do so. Use of this product may be hazardous to your health.
Never attempt to fill aroma reservoir on the steamhead when unit is in the "ON" position. Severe burns will occur.
Steam is HOT! Do not touch or go near the steamhead from the time the unit is "ON", up to one hour after it
has shut off. Severe burns will occur if you come in contact with the steamhead or steam emitting from
the steamhead.
Your shower may be a slip and fall hazard. Check with your contractor or flooring manufacturer regarding the safe use of your flooring in a steam application. Slipping and falling into the steamhead itself or into the stream of steam emitting from the steamhead will cause serious burns, or physical injury.
If you are feeling dizzy, faint or starting to fall asleep immediately exit the steam room.
Do not use steam room under the influence of alcohol or drugs, as this can be hazardous to your health.
Do not use aromatherapy oils or skin care products or any product in conjunction with your steam unit without consulting with your allergist or doctor before use. These products may be hazardous to your health.
Do not use steam room if you are under the age of 16 unless you are supervised by an adult.
Specifications and prices are subject to change without notice. All prices shown are in US dollars. All products must be installed in accordance with installation instructions provided. Failure to do so may invalidate warranty at manufacturer’s discretion. After January, 2011 please confirm pricing. Terms: All orders NET 30. Minimum order - $15.00.
All Sauna Equipment FOB Factory.
All Steam Equipment FOB California Restocking charge of 15% for pre-approved returned merchandise.
All returns require a ThermaSol RMA number. ©2012 ThermaSol.
ThermaSol is a registered trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc. ProSeries™ is a trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc. FastStart is a trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc. Proportional Heating System is a trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc. Steam Shower AF Series is a trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc. Steam Shower Classic is a trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc. Auto PowerFlush is a trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc. SmartSteam is a trademark of DMA Enterprises, Inc.
PATENT NUMBERS:
3,007,178
3,655,135
5,616,265
5,805,765
6,505,781
7,113,696
8,019,208
05-1027
REV 9/12
Products
Residential Generators
Controls & Steamhead Kits
Accessories
Saunas, Heaters & Rooms
Commercial Generators
Product Packages
Total Wellness Package
Wellness Steam Package
Wellness Shower Package
ThermaStore
Shop Aromatherapy
Overview
Serenity
Tranquility
Smart Shower
ThermaTouch
Benefits of Steam
Smart Shower Alexa
Signatouch
About ThermaSol
Learn About Steam with Sol
Media
Trade
Authorized Reseller Portal
Login TCP Account
Customer Support
ThermaSol Solution Center
Warranty Registration
Price Guide/Catalog
FAQs
Authorized Reseller Locations
Downloads
ThermaSol Lifestyle Book
Subscribe to our Newsletter
SUBMIT
Contact Us
Phone: (800) 776-07118 AM to 5 PM CST (M – F)
ThermaSol Steam Bath LLC
1958 Steam Way
Round Rock ,
TX
78665
United States
©2019 ThermaSol   |   Terms of Use