https://www.nimanranch.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyOUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACYAt Niman Ranch we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about your privacy and the use of your personal information. We recognize the need to protect and manage this data appropriately. We have created this privacy policy to explain our privacy practices so you will understand when and how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to our Web site located at https://www.nimanranch.com (the “Site”). By using the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect personal information directly when you provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through the Site, or through other people when you use services associated with the Site.When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information.”We collect Device Information using the following technologies:“Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.“Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.We also collect certain information you submit to us directly when you subscribe to a newsletter or email list, submit feedback, fill out our contact form, or send us other communication. This can include your name, company name, email address, phone number, and zip code or postal code.   We refer to this information as “Order Information.”When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?In general, we use personal information internally to serve our users and enable them to take maximum advantage of our Site. Because our goal is to provide products that best meet your needs, we evaluate your personal interactions with us in an effort to bring you the products which best suit your tastes. In addition, we use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze Site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our Site’s content, layout, and services.We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new products, service, and promotions. At times we may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests, which we may use to customize our products and services for you.All contact information submitted by you is stored in our database and may be archived elsewhere. Our records are stored indefinitely, as are our archival backup copies.We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except (i) as may be necessary to perform internal analysis and business functions, (ii) as part of a business transfer, or (iii) when required by law or permitted to protect our rights, property, or safety. The following section describes these disclosure circumstances more fully.We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site – you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.We also share your Personal Information for the following business and legal purposes:Business Functions. We may share personal information with third-party vendors who assist us in performing internal functions necessary to operate our business. In the event that we use third-party vendors to assist us in performing these functions, the third parties may not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose.Internal Analysis. We may use information about you for our own internal purposes, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns as well as to understand demographic, customer interest, and other trends among our users. We may outsource these tasks and disclose personal information about you to third parties in aggregate, provided the use and disclosure of your personal information by these third parties is restricted to performance of such tasks.Business Transfers. Information about our users and the Site is one of our most important business assets. Therefore, information about our users, including personal information, will be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business relating to the Site, sale or pledge of company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.Protection of Niman Ranch and Others. We may release personal information in the good faith belief that release is appropriate and necessary to comply with legal process or authority (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply our policies; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our rights, property, or personal safety of Niman Ranch, our users, our employees, or the public; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN UNDER 13Our Site is not intended to be used by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13. We do not knowingly send e-mail correspondence to anyone under the age of 13. We suggest parents and guardians review any online activities for children under 13 and use parental controls when needed. We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Site, and so we carry out the same Policy for individuals of all ages. If a child has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website: www.ftc.govBEHAVIORAL ADVERTISINGAs described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.You can opt out of targeted advertising by:FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=adsGOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymousBING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/enus/resources/policies/personalized-adsAdditionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.MARKETING PARTNERS/LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITESThe Privacy Policies of other organizations linked to from our Site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read those policies. We are not responsible for the data collection and use practices of nonaffiliated marketing partners to which our Site may link. Please read the privacy policy on the linked site before disclosing personal information.DO NOT TRACKPlease note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.NETWORK AND INFORMATION SECURITYWe are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us, and we maintain procedures and technology designed for this purpose. We take several steps to protect the information we have about you, including the following:We update and test our technology on a regular basis in order to improve the protection of customer information; andWe require outside companies and independent contractors to whom we provide customer information for marketing, servicing or processing purposes to restrict the use of the information to those purposes and we prohibit the independent use of such information.Access to your information is controlled by strict internal procedures. We maintain policies about the proper physical security of workplaces and records. While we have taken efforts to guard your personal information, we cannot guarantee that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others.Your account information and access to our Site is accessible only through the use of an individual password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our Site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your account and password have been misused.YOUR RIGHTSFor the purposes of applicable EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), we are a ‘data controller’ of your personal information.If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.DATA RETENTIONWhen you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.CHANGES TO OUR POLICYWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not provide your personal information to any third party for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as California Disclosure Information.CONTACT USFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at customer_service@nimanranch.com or by mail at the following address:Niman Ranch, Inc. 11990 Grant Street, Ste. 400 Northglenn, CO 80233Niman Ranch, Inc. Privacy Policy, effective date July 6, 2018.Stay Up to Date
with the LatestSign up for our newsletter to get the latest recipes, happenings and more.