http://www.teamworkonline.com/pages/privacy-policy
TeamWork Online's Privacy Shield Compliant Privacy PolicyTeamWork Online is a talent marketplace and software platform serving 5 million + members. TeamWork Online offers an inclusive, proprietary, intuitive career matching technology, high-touch events and executive search and consulting. TeamWork’s exclusive focus is the small-but-passionate sports and events industry. TeamWork Online is a data controller (as defined by EU General Data Protection Regulation) that collects personal information that individuals signing up for its services voluntarily provide through online forms in order to assist these individuals in their career development. If you opt to sign up for TeamWork Online’s career services, you will provide such personal information to TeamWork Online. The types of Personal Information we may collect about you through our sites, and displayed thereon, include contact and identifying information (name, address, email address, phone and fax numbers, institution, title or job position), pictures and links to other websites that you provide to TeamWork which may reveal pictures and video of you. TeamWork Online notifies you of which fields are mandatory for the particular service or functionality you are requesting through the use of an asterisk (*) next to such mandatory field. The non-asterisk-marked fields are optional. If you choose to provide information that is optional, Teamwork Online may use and disclose such information for the purposes described below.If you opt to sign up for TeamWork Online’s career services, we will supply technology, hosting, and related services to sports and live event organizations (our licensees) to power recruitment areas on their websites. In that instance, the use of such information by the licensee will be subject to the privacy policy of the licensee. The licensees are also data controllers (as defined by EU General Data Protection Regulation). We are not responsible for the licensee's use of your personal or demographic information.We do not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes without your consent.We do not share your contact information with another User without your consent.Any personally identifiable information that you provide will be secured with industry standard protocols and technology.How personal information is collected and usedWe reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. By continuing to use TeamWork service after notice of changes have been sent to you or published on the TeamWorkOnline.com website, you are consenting to the changes. Generally, you can visit TeamWorkOnline.com or any of its subdomains and view jobs without telling us who you are or revealing any personal identifiable information about yourself. We collect no such information about you when you visit our sites, unless you choose to provide that information to us.Personal InformationYou provide to TeamWork and we collect personal and demographic information you choose to provide us and to others either through our recruiting application software or through our professional networking system. Please be aware that in providing information to TeamWork for the purposes of creating an account, you are opting into our professional networking system. By doing so, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and TeamWork's Terms and Conditions (“User Agreement”). The supplying of all such information by you to TeamWork, including all information deemed "sensitive" by applicable law, is entirely voluntary on your part. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive. The types of Personal Information we may collect about you through our sites, and displayed thereon, include contact and identifying information (name, address, email address, phone and fax numbers, institution, title or job position), pictures and links to other websites that you provide to TeamWork which may reveal pictures and video of you.We may use Personal Information to provide newsletters and other requested information, to register you for conferences as requested, to sell tickets to networking events and careers fairs, to answer questions and inquiries, to conduct activities in connection with the performance of requested or ongoing transactions, to conduct surveys in which you elect to participate, and where appropriate, to provide you with further information about our products and services.If you expressly opt in to receive marketing information, we may provide your contact information to employers that are partnered with us or are on or associated with the TeamWork network for such employers to communicate with or otherwise contact you about such things as networking events, sporting events, educational opportunities, merchandise and fan clubs. You will be allowed to opt in or opt out of receiving marketing information at any time. Please refer to the Accessing and Changing Your Account Information section below as to how.The purpose of the TeamWork's professional networking software is to permit Users to voluntarily provide information about themselves for the purposes of developing, maintaining and enhancing a network of professional contacts and identifying those contacts as "teammates." You willingly provide us certain personal information, which we collect in order to allow you to benefit from the TeamWork professional network. If you have any hesitation about providing such information to us and/or having such information displayed on the TeamWork professional network or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, you should opt out of the professional networking system. Opting out or later opting back in of the professional networking system is entirely optional and has no affect upon your candidate application.We collect your personal information in the following ways:Applying for a job/Creating an accountIn order to become a candidate or a User on our professional networking system, you must first create an account on our website. To create an account, you are required to provide the following contact information, which you recognize and expressly acknowledge is personal information allowing others, including TeamWork, to identify you: name, email address, country, ZIP/postal code, a brief summary of your professional background, and a password chosen by you.On some occasions you might become a candidate in our system by merely putting in your email address on a pop-up screen after you press the apply link. In those cases, our system will consider you as having applied for that position, although technically, to be a candidate, you must continue the application by providing your contact information and professional background onto that organization's recruiting system. By providing TeamWork your email address on the pop-up screen, you agree to all terms of use in the User Agreement and this Privacy Policy and you will be automatically notified of similar positions within that organization. TeamWork will notify you that you can be advised of more positions by completing your contact information and professional background and notification preferences on TeamWork.Profile InformationOnce you become a candidate or User on our professional networking system, you may provide additional information. Where we collect Personal Information through online forms, we will notify you of which fields are mandatory for the particular service or functionality you are requesting (i.e., through the use of an asterisk (*) next to such mandatory field), and which fields are optional. If you choose to provide information that is optional, we may use and disclose such information for the purposes described below. Providing any additional information beyond what is required at registration to become a User or a candidate is entirely optional, but may enable you to better identify yourself and find new opportunities in the TeamWork system to build and leverage your professional network and candidacy. Any information you provide at registration that is not personally identifiable may be used in the same manner and extent to which other information that is not personally identifiable is permitted to be used hereunder, including for the purpose of serving advertisements through the service. If you opt-out you may lose the potential benefit of being a User, including receiving ads or job announcements that are more targeted to your interests.We may elect, in our sole discretion, to update your information based upon publicly available records; however, we are not responsible for accuracy of information obtained from such records, nor are we responsible for any failure to update your information.Contacts InformationIn order to invite others to connect with you directly in TeamWork through the professional networking system, you may use the TeamWork services to invite them if they are a User or candidate or you can enter their names and email addresses. This information will be used by TeamWork to send your invitation including a message that you write. The names and email addresses of people that you invite will be used only to send your invitation and reminders.All information entered there will only be viewable by you and will not be searchable by others in the TeamWorkOnline.com network without your permission. All information that you enter or upload about your contacts will be covered by the same terms of this Privacy Policy as cover your own information.CookiesLike most websites, TeamWork uses cookies and web log files to track site usage. A cookie is a tiny data file which resides on your computer which allows TeamWork to recognize you as a User/applicant when you return to the TeamWork website using the same computer and web browser. If your browser settings do not allow cookies, you will not be able to use the TeamWork website. Like the information you enter at registration or in your Profile, cookie and log file data is used to customize your experience on our website.One type of cookie, known as a "persistent" cookie, is set once you have logged in to your TeamWork account. The next time you visit the TeamWork website, the persistent cookie will allow us to recognize you as an existing User so you will not need to log in before using the service. In order to access or change any of your private information or to send a message to another User, however, you must log in securely again with your password even if your computer contains your persistent cookie.Additionally, if you log out of the TeamWork website you will need to re-enter your password the next time you visit in order to log in to your account. Another type of cookie, called a "session" cookie, is used to identify a particular visit to the TeamWork website. Session cookies expire after a short time or when you close your web browser.We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing User preferences and tracking User trends. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services to our Users, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Any information provided to third parties through such cookies will not be personally identifiable but may provide general segment information, e.g. your industry or geographic location, your occupation, or information about your professional or educational background, for greater customization of your user experience. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Unfortunately, if your browser settings do not allow cookies or you opt to refuse all cookies, you may not be able to use the TeamWork website or services. TeamWork does not store personally identifiable information in the cookies.Use of Web BeaconsTeamWork Online pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow us to count Users who have visited those pages. Web beacons are not used to access your personally identifiable information; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about our website usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides.You may not decline Web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or modifying your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.Log files, IP addresses and information about your computerLike most standard website servers, we collect and use IP addresses from browsing machines to analyze trends, administer the site, track pages that have been viewed, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. TeamWork does not link this information with Personal Information about individual users. This information can be utilized by TeamWork in such manner as TeamWork, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. We reserve the right to share aggregate and anonymous information with potential partners and other third parties without restriction.How Information is UsedInformation you post in public areas of the site or place in the professional networking view of our database will be accessed, used, and stored by others around the world. We strive to provide a safe, secure environment by attempting to limit access to our database to legitimate users, but cannot guarantee that unauthorized parties will not gain access. We also cannot control how authorized users store or transfer information downloaded from the database, so you should ensure that you do not post sensitive information to TeamWork. We use the information you provide us to deliver the products and services we offer, and to operate and improve our sites. Our services may include the display of personalized content and advertising. We may use your information to contact you about TeamWork site updates, conduct surveys, or informational and service-related communications, including important security updates.Career Section RegistrationOur Candidate Application requires a number of mandatory fields (identified through the use of an asterisk (*) next to such mandatory field). Except for the mandatory fields, all other information you are asked to submit is optional and voluntary. For example, candidates may voluntarily choose to attach a resume to their profile and is recommended by the employers. We will make this Personal Information available to our employers and select employees worldwide, as well as third parties, such as background checking organizations, as necessary or appropriate based on a relevant business need to know.Your Information ChoicesAccessing and Changing Your Account InformationYou can review the personal information you provided us and make any desired changes to the information you publish, or to the settings for your TeamWork account including your email, and contact preferences, at any time by logging in to your account on the TeamWorkOnline.com website.TeamWork acknowledges that individuals have the right to access the personal information that we maintain about them. You may review, correct, update or delete your account information, including opting out or back into the professional network, at any time on any of the TeamWork Online systems. To do so, go to "edit your information" on the top of the system, put in your email address and password and make changes or delete your record in the Settings section.Or, you can email your request to delete your information by emailing info@teamworkonline.com.If you opted to receive marketing emails at the time you applied for a job or future notification, but subsequently did not want to receive such emails, you may opt-out by going to the same "edit your information" and unchecking the marketing permission box in the contact information page.Please be aware that even after your request for a change is processed, TeamWork may, for a time, retain residual information about you in its backup and/or archival copies of its database.Closing Your AccountYou can also delete your account through the TeamWork website. If you delete your TeamWork account, your account will be marked as deleted in TeamWork's databases and will be removed from any public or private area of the TeamWork Sites. You will be allowed to opt in or opt out of the professional networking system. If you opt out of that, it will not affect your candidate applications to the employers. They will continue to be able to view your "teammates" as well. Or you can delete your whole account from TeamWork at any time by going to www.teamworkonline.com and clicking "delete my account" once you login. We may retain certain data contributed by you if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law. To request that we close your account and remove your information from the TeamWork website, please send your request to info@teamworkonline.com. Please send your request using an email account that you have registered with TeamWork under your name."Send this job to a friend" OptionIf you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. TeamWork does not store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.Disclosures of Personal InformationWe do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties other than our licensees without your consent. We may use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in new job opportunities with another TeamWork Online recruiting systems. We may disclose Personal Information as necessary or appropriate in connection with any of the purposes for which we use Personal Information, including to subcontractors or service providers that help host or support the sites or otherwise provide technical assistance, fulfillment companies that help us to provide requested products or services, and business partners that help conduct seminars or otherwise provide requested products, services, or information. We also reserve right to disclose Personal Information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or part of the business. In these situations, where we transfer Personal Information to these types of third parties, we request that they not share that information with any other third party, or use the information for any purposes other than those specified in this Privacy Policy, and that such third parties must maintain commercially reasonable security measures to protect the Personal Information. In situations involving the sale or transfer of all or part of the business, we will seek to notify Users of the ownership change by way of a prominent notice posted on our website. We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share your data with third parties other than our licensees, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. In cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of EU, UK and Swiss individuals received pursuant to the EU-US or Swiss-US Privacy Shields, TeamWork is potentially liable.We also reserve the right to disclose Personal Information in connection with any judicial or administrative orders, law enforcement requests, other applicable legal requirements, to protect our rights or property, or to protect the personal safety of Users or the public. We may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Information collected on our Sites is stored in whole or in part in the United States, and may be subject to U.S. law.Testimonials and Advertisement Placed through TeamWork DirectAds ServiceIf you provide any testimonials about the TeamWork service or place advertisements through the TeamWork's ad services, we may post those testimonials and examples of advertisements you place in connection with TeamWork's promotion of its service to third parties, which testimonials and advertisements may include your name and other personal information that you have provided.LinksOur websites may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that TeamWork is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, and this Privacy Statement does not apply to such sites. We encourage our Users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.Your California Privacy RightsBy availing yourself of the rights afforded in this section of our Privacy Policy, you are declaring that you are a California resident.All users may make a verified request regarding their personal information.
While TeamWork does not sell your personal information, you can nonetheless make a request to access and delete your personal information held by us.
This process is detailed in the section titled “Your Information Choices,” which also describes the designated methods for making requests to TeamWork regarding your personal information.
When you submit a request, we may ask for additional information to verify that you are the individual about whom we have collected personal information.
You may also designate an authorized agent (for example, under a power of attorney) to submit a request on your behalf.
We do not treat users differently for having exercised these rights.The Right to Know Your Personal InformationYou have the right to request that we disclose the personal information TeamWork collects, uses, discloses, and “sells” (we explain this term further below) about you.We have collected the following categories of personal information about our users in the past twelve (12) months: identifiers such as name and email address; professional and employment-related information; and other personal information such as phone number and educational background.
Our collection practices, as well as the sources and purposes for which we collect this information, are described in more detail in the sections “How Personal Information is Collected and Used” and “How Information is Used.”The Right to Opt-out of the Sale of Your Personal InformationThe California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides you the right to request that businesses refrain from “selling” your personal information.
A common understanding of “selling” is exchanging your information with an unrelated third party for money, who will then use that data for a new purpose that you did not intend.
TeamWork never does this with your information.
TeamWork does not sell your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your consent.The CCPA is a new law with evolving interpretations.
Under our current understanding of the law, we do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined in the CCPA.
For more information on how we share your personal information with our licensees, subcontractors, service providers, and others, see the section “Disclosures of Personal Information.”Under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code section 1798.83), California residents have certain rights regarding the disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
TeamWork’s policy is not to disclose your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.
You may request information about our compliance with the “Shine the Light” law by contacting us at info@teamworkonline.com or by sending a letter to: Attention: Privacy Office 22550 McCauley Road Shaker Heights, OH 44122Please include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of your message, and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per individual each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by other means.Your ObligationsAs a User, you have certain obligations toward the other Users with whom you will be communicating. Certain of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and regulations, and others have become commonplace in user-friendly communities of like-minded members, such as TeamWork:You must, at all times, respect the terms and conditions of the then-current Privacy Policy and the User Agreement. This includes respecting all intellectual property rights which may belong to third parties (such as photographs).You must not download or otherwise disseminate any information which may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist or xenophobic or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of TeamWork and its community of Users.You must not provide information to TeamWork or other Users which you believe might be injurious or detrimental to your person, professional or social status.Any violation of these guidelines may lead to the restriction, suspension or termination of your account by TeamWork, as we take these principles seriously and consider them to be the basis on which our Users adhere to the TeamWork website and the services which it offers.SecurityWe have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to buffy@teamworkonline.com.Changes to this Web Site Privacy StatementIf we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy at this location, or at another location that is accessible via link from our homepages, so that Users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a manner that is substantially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will seek to notify Users by way of an email, and provide Users with a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.Unsubscribe or Modify InformationWe intend to protect the quality and integrity of your Personal Information. If your Personal Information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), and you wish to update or remove the Personal Information that we maintain about you, please email info@teamworkonline.com. Also, if you wish to unsubscribe from any of our newsletters or other communications, you may also email us at buffy@teamworkonline.com.EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework & Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework For EU, UK, and Swiss IndividualsTeamWork Online, LLC complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. TeamWork Online, LLC has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
The services of BBB EU Privacy Shield are provided at no expense to you.Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Principles, we acknowledge the following:EU, UK, and Swiss individuals have the right to access their data and to correct or delete information that is not processed in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles. Individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting us at info@teamworkonline.comTeamWork Online, LLC is liable for the onward transfer of data to third parties acting as our agents unless we can prove we were not a party giving rise to the damages.We may be required to release personal data in response to lawful requests from public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, TeamWork Online, LLC commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact TeamWork Online, LLC at: Attention: Privacy Office 22550 McCauley Road Shaker Heights, OH 44122 United States Phone: 216/360-1790 Fax: 216/292-9265Email: info@teamworkonline.comTeamWork Online, LLC has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by TeamWork Online, LLC, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/privacy-shield-complaints/ for more information and to file a complaint.If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introductionThe Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction with enforcement authority over our compliance with the U.S.-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shields.ChildrenOur Sites are not intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18.Effective May 29, 2020