https://www.altron.co.uk/cookie_and_privacy_policy.html
Tel:     +44 (0)1269 831431
Sales: +44 (0)1269 833222
Search
Home
Products
Modular Towers & Columns
Square Section Columns
Cabinet Based Square Section Columns
Telescopic Columns
Standard Lattice Towers
Nested Towers
Heavy Duty Fixed Towers
Tubular Poles - Fixed & Tilt Down
Tubular Fixed & Tapered Poles
Lamp Standard Poles
Tubular Tilt Down Poles
Cabinet Based Poles
Urban Cabinet Based Poles
Industrial Cabinet Based Poles
Cylindrical Cabinet Based Poles
Anti-Vandal Poles
Ornate Poles & Brackets
Ornate Cabinet Based Poles
Ornate Lamp Standard Poles
Ornate Brackets
Transport & Infrastructure
Cabinet Based Trolley Poles
Lamp Standard Trolley Poles
'Slimline' Trolley Head Poles
Temporary & Deployable Solutions
Cantilever Poles
Cabinets
AEC Equipment Cabinets
ARC Roadside Cabinets
Brackets & Accessories
Wall Mounted Poles
Fixed Wall Poles
Tilt-Down Wall Poles
Wall Mounted Brackets
Fixed & PTZ Cameras
Dome Cameras
Cages
Upstand & Cladding
Pole & Tower Accessories
Fixed Camera Knuckles
TB Top Mounting Brackets
Anti-Climb Guards
Ladder Stays
Adjustable Accessory Brackets
I/R Lamp Mounting Brackets
Column Spacers
Pole Top Mounting Brackets
Column & Tower Mounting Brackets
Pole Mounting Brackets
Swan Necks & Dome Brackets
Cages
PIR Mounting Brackets
Roof Mounted Brackets
Swivel Arm Brackets - PTZ
Sliding Arm Brackets
Swivel Arm Brackets - Domes
Ballasted Tilt-Down Columns
Miscellaneous
Girder Mounted & Underslung
Pedestals
PIR Posts
Bollards
Special Bracket Design
Markets
UK
Industrial & Commercial
Public Area CCTV
Transportation & Infrastructure
Perimeter Security
Utilities
Renewables
International
What We Offer
Product Ranges
Design Services
Services
Product Support
Installation Methods
Foundations
Operating Instructions
Winch information
Manufacturing Standards
Wind Loading Data
Additional Services
Delivery Services
Design Support
Training Courses
Fabrication
Laser Cutting
About Us
Why Choose Altron
Security Features
Value For Money
Design Philisophy
Widest Product Range
Additional Support Services
Innovative Solutions
30 years of design and manufacture
Company Overview
Latest News
Events
Contact Us
MAIN MENU
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy in Brief
Altron is committed to protecting your privacy and has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website at URL: www.altron.co.uk.
Altron does not disclose visitors’ information to third parties.
Any information that you provide us with, whether it be business or personal information (such as your name or address), cannot be seen by third parties.
This site may at times contain links to other, third party websites; Altron is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
This privacy statement is not presented as a legally binding contract.
Privacy Policy in Detail
Information We Collect and Use
There are sections in our website where we may ask you to register in order to gain access to high value documents, or to be able to download various items, or to make contact with Altron. Any information you provide will remain the secured property of AltronLimited. Under no circumstances will it be sold or rented to any third party. Altron may, however, use your contact information to send you any information you have specifically requested or any other information or news about our company and services. Your details maybe used in an aggregated form for marketing analysis of our website traffic.
In addition to any personal information you may provide, Altron may, on occasion use software or other tools that enable the collection of relevant technical information, for example the IP address (Internet protocol) (IP), the operating system deployed on your computer, the browser used for access, various traffic patterns, as well as the address of any referring websites. Altron always traces how a visitor arrives at the Altron website, however we will not attempt to gather information from websites that you have visited prior to visiting the Altron website.
Use of Personal Information
Altron may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To enable you to use the site without repeatedly entering passwords or logins.
To provide information or services that you have requested.
To help us manage our content to ensure it is relevant and appropriate to you.
To alert you to company news, product upgrades, other updated information and new products and services from Altron.
Hyperlinks to Other Websites:
Altron may provide links on our site that direct to external, third party websites.
We have no control over the content other sites, nor the usage of information they gather.
We recommend that you always review the privacy policies at any third party sites you visit; they may not follow the same policies as us.
Our Use of Cookies
The Altron website cookie
The Altron website uses a “session cookie” to identify your browser “session” as you move between pages on the website and perform activities. The cookie is named c2altron_ud4m43xdxr1 and will last for 3 months.
The website cookie allows our website to recognise each subsequent request from your browser as being the same browser that made the initial request to our website.
By knowing that each subsequent request is related to the first, our website is able to track your actions as you move around the website and to provide interactive features. By analysing how our website is being used in general, we can improve the website experience for future visitors. Should you experience any problems in using our website, our website developers may be able to use this information to track down your specific “user journey” and investigate and fix any issues that might arise.
The cookie itself is a very small text file that is stored on your device (for example, your PC or your phone) by your web browser. It contains a simple text code that your browser sends back to our website each time you browse to a new page. This allows the website to look up your specific session and associate data for that session with your browser. The data itself is not stored in your cookie but on the server(s) operating the website.
Each page on our website is generated by a sophisticated Content Management System (CMS). This system provides a number of interactive features where your experience may be tailored according to your past activity on the website. Such features require the “session cookie” to operate.
The session cookie provides the ability for you to log on to our website using your unique user name (or e-mail address) and password.
Each page on our website may be tailored to you uniquely, based on your past activity on the website, for example to show your name.
The session cookie provides the means to remember your log on state and hence your discussion forum preferences, such as your nickname and the date of your last post.
The session cookie provides the means for you to take part in votes (or polls) on the website.
The session cookie provides the means to remember that you have submitted a form so that you are not asked to re-submit it.
The session cookie provides the means to remember which files you have requested to be sent to you by email and the date and time at which such requests were made.
The session cookie provides the means to remember whether you have ‘like’d our Facebook page.
As we improve our website over time, similar and more advanced features may be added that also require a “session cookie” to operate.
Google Analytics
The Altron website uses cookies to allow Google Analytics to function correctly. Google Analytics is a free web analytics tools that helps us understand how visitors engage with the Altron website. These cookies have names that begin with __utm such as __utma and __utmz.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously; it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. The cookies store information such as the number of visits to the website and what site referred the visitor to the web page. We use the information to view reports about how visitors interact with the website and to help us improve the website. A different set of cookies is used for each website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites.
Information about these cookies and how to reject or delete them: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ads/#toc-analytics.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Google’s privacy policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
How to control and delete cookies
You may restrict or block the cookies which are set by the Altron website, or any other website, through your browser settings.
To find out more about cookies and how to manage them, visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the Altron website.
Local Shared Objects (Flash Cookies)
The Altron website uses Adobe Flash Player to provide video content. Local Shared Objects (commonly known as Flash Cookies) may be used to improve user experience, for example to save your playback preferences. Flash Cookies are similar to cookies, however they are managed differently.
How to disable Flash Cookies:
Information on how to disable and delete Flash Cookies is provided on the Adobe website at http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security.
Your experience of the Altron website may be affected if you restrict the use of Flash Cookies.
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Download Product Catologue
Why Choose Altron
We think there are some very good reasons why you should choose Altron as your preferred supplier of CCTV camera mounting structures and brackets. Find out more >
Latest News
Achilles Registration for Altron Communications Equipment Limited
Altron chosen for substantial water storage project in Middle East
Top Safety Accreditation for Altron Communications Equipment Limited
Altron starts 2019 with a continuing heavy involvement in the roll out of Utilities infra-structure security
Altron transition successfully to ISO 9001:2015
More...
Upcoming Events
About Us
Why Choose Altron
Company Overview
Latest News
Events
Products
Modular Towers & Columns
Tubular Poles - Fixed & Tilt Down
Cabinet Based Poles
Ornate Poles & Brackets
Transport & Infrastructure
Cabinets
Brackets & Accessories
Markets
UK
Industrial & Commercial
Public area CCTV
Transportation & Infrastructure
Perimeter Security
Utilities
Renewables
International
What we offer
Product ranges
Design services
Services
Installation Methods
Foundations
Operating Instructions
Winch information
Manufacturing Standards
Wind Loading Data
Delivery Services
Design Support
Training courses
Fabrication
Laser Cutting
Our Subcontract division
#
Altron Communications Equipment Ltd.
Tower House, Parc Hendre, Capel Hendre,
Ammanford, SA18 3SJ
Site Map | Cookies & Privacy Policy | Contact
Copyright © 2020 Altron Communications Equipment Ltd