https://www.eahughes.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
E.A. Hughes Website Privacy Policy
Policy effective: September 1, 2014
This Privacy Policy explains how E.A. Hughes & Co. (“E.A. Hughes”) collects, uses, and discloses individually identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we obtain through our website. By using this website, and/or submitting any personal information, you expressly consent to the terms in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of personal information
If you submit an online form, we may collect your name, email address, or other personal information contained in that correspondence. If you are a potential candidate, we may collect your name and contact details, information about your employment and other data that you provide online through a form or a resume. If you are a client or potential client, we may collect your name, contact details, title or position, or other information that you provide via online forms or email correspondence. We do not wish to collect any “sensitive” personal information.
Use of personal information
We may use personal information to respond to your inquiries and answer your questions, to provide you with requested information, and to undertake activities in connection with the conduct and management of our executive search services. We also mPoay use personal information for the purpose of maintaining our company databases.
Disclosure of personal information
We may share personal information about executive search candidates and/or clients in our company database. We may also share personal information with our clients as appropriate to provide them with requested products or services.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information to third party subcontractors, including information technology providers and business process outsourcing providers, in order to help support our business operations. We also reserve the right to disclose Personal Information in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or part of the business, or where we believe such disclosure may be required by law or may be appropriate in connection with any legal claims.
Website usage data
Like many websites, we passively collect data about website usage through various means. We use internet protocol (IP) addresses to identify server problems, administer the website, and compile aggregated statistics for marketing and research purposes. We use navigational data, including log files and click-stream data, to identify information about your web browser and operating system, and the time period in which you visit the website or a portion of the website. This information is used to administer the website, improve site content, and compile aggregated statistics for research purposes. We also use small text files called “cookies” that are sent to the hard drive of your computer to store bits of information related to your use of the website. You may configure your internet browser to reject cookies. We do not combine this passively collected data with actively collected personal information, and therefore passively collected data should not become linked to your identity.
Security of personal information
E.A. Hughes & Co. maintains reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Where we disclose personal information to clients, we will request that they properly protect the security and confidentiality of such information.
Foreign visitors
This website is hosted on our computer servers in the United States. If you reside in a jurisdiction outside the United States, by using the website or submitting any personal information, you expressly consent to the transfer of personal information to the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to our privacy practices
E.A. Hughes reserves the right to change or amend our privacy practices as described here and issue amended versions of this policy from time to time. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy on this web page, and post a revised link at the bottom of the website home page that reads “Revised Privacy Policy.”
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to create an agreement or contract between E.A. Hughes and any person or entity using this website or providing any personal information.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us.
260 Madison Avenue
3rd Floor
New York, NY 10016 USA
Phone: +1 (212) 689-4600
Fax: +1 (212) 689-4975
In The Media
E.A. HUGHES PLACES CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AT MARQUEE BRANDS LLC
Elaine Hughes Recently Appointed to the Advisory Board of Springs Creative
How to Future-Proof Your Career in Denim
MORE LINKSExecutive Search
Portfolio
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Scroll to top