http://www.prana.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to Content
Skip to Main Nav
Skip to Search
Home
Privacy Policy
At prAna, we respect your privacy. We know it’s important to you and it’s important to us.
Effective:
December 30. 2019
This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how your information is collected, used, and
disclosed by prAna Living, LLC ("prAna"). Unless we otherwise indicate, this Policy applies to all information
collected by prAna from any source, including information collected through our online services and activities,
including this Website and our mobile applications (collectively, "Site"), and at retail locations. This Policy will
not apply where we display or link to a different privacy policy.
Your Preferences: If you receive
our emails and catalogs and no longer wish to, just let us know. See the section on Your
Rights, Choices and Opt-outs. You also may send requests about your contact preferences, changes to your
information, or questions concerning our Policy or privacy practices by email or by writing us at the contact
provided in the “Questions/Contact Us” section below.
If you are a
customer shipping internationally to a country in the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA), we try to
restrict or minimize the information we collect from and about you. Nonetheless, we provide this Policy to identify
all the ways in which we could collect, share, disclose, or otherwise manage your data when you interact with us,
and explain your rights with respect to the limited data that we do collect. For residents of the EU/EEA, prAna is
the data controller responsible for your personal data collected pursuant to this Policy.
Quick Guide to
Contents
Information We Collect
Cookies, Mobile IDs and Similar Technologies
Information Use
Sharing Of Information
Security of Your Personal Information
Your Rights, Choices, and Opt-Outs
Data Storage and International Transfers
International Customer Privacy
Your California Privacy Rights
Third-Party Content, Links, and Plug-Ins
Changes To This Policy
Questions/Contact Us
1. Information We Collect
We collect information from you in various ways, including through information you provide to us
directly, information we or other third parties automatically collect or infer, and information we receive from
third parties. This includes data that identifies you personally whether directly (e.g., your name) or
indirectly (e.g., information about your online use).
A. Information You Provide
We collect information you directly provide to us through our Site, in our
stores and through your other interactions with us. This may include when you use our Site, register or create
an online account with or through the Site, purchase products, request information from us, sign up for
newsletters, catalogs, or our email list, use our services, enter into sweepstakes or other promotions, fill out
a survey, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with or contact us.
The information we
collect from you generally falls into the following categories:
Contact Details: We collect your contact information, such as name, postal address, email
address, telephone or mobile number, fax number, or other similar identifiers.
Financial Data: If you make a purchase from us, we collect a credit/debit card number and related
financial information (such as CVV, expiration date, and billing address), depending on the form of
payment you choose.
Transaction Details: We collect details about you if you make purchases or other transactions
with us, including, but not limited to, your transaction or purchase history, transaction channel, or
the general location of the store you visit.
Account Information: You may choose to register for an account to make a purchase or use certain
services. We collect information from you regarding your account registration, such as an email and
password.
Marketing and Communications Data: We collect data concerning your preferences in receiving
marketing, other targeted information from us, and your contact preferences.
Demographic Data: In limited scenarios such as in surveys, we may request that you provide birth
month and day, gender, and other demographic details, such as information about your shopping
preferences.
Content and Files: We may collect other information about you based on your interactions with us
or that you choose to provide to us. For example, if you submit a product review you have the option to
provide pictures or other information about yourself, and if you send us email messages or other
communications, we will collect and retain those communications.
When you are asked to
provide personal data, you may decline. And you may use app or device controls to prevent certain types
of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary
for certain Sites or features, those Sites or features may not be available or function correctly.
B. Information We Automatically Collect
When you visit or interact with our Site, we may use a
variety of technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to
automatically or passively collect certain information about your online activity. Please note that we
automatically collect the following information about you:
Identifiers and Device Information. We may automatically collect your Internet Protocol (IP)
address when you visit our Sites, and other information about your device including unique identifiers
such as MAC address or information from the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device you use to access
the Site, including but not limited to your device type, operating system and version, browser type and
language, settings and configuration, and information about the location of your device. As further
described in our Cookie Policy, our websites and online services store and retrieve cookie identifiers,
mobile IDs, and other data.
Geolocation Data. We collect certain geolocation data when you use our Sites. For mobile
applications, this may include precise location data as provided by your mobile device with your
consent.
Usage Information. We may collect information about your usage of and activity on our Site,
including the date and time you visit the Site, the areas or pages of the Site that you visit, the
amount of time you spend viewing the Site, the number of times you return to the Site, items that are
added to or remain in your virtual cart on the Site, other click-stream or site usage data, emails that
you open, forward or click-through to our Site, and other sites that you may visit.
Video. When you visit our stores, we automatically record video for security, safety and loss
prevention purposes.
For information about your advertising choices and how to opt-out of location information collection,
please see the "Your Rights, Choices, and Opt-Outs" section below.
C. Information Collected by Third Parties
Third parties may also collect information about you on our
Site as described in the Third-Party Content, Links, and Plug-Ins section
through the use of cookies and other technology as described by our Cookie Policy.
D. Information Collected From Other Sources
We obtain information from other trusted sources to
validate or supplement the information that you provide or that we collect automatically. These third-party
sources and the categories of personal data we obtain from these third parties include, for example:
Third Party Sources
Categories of Personal Data
Data brokers. Data brokers and aggregators from whom we obtain data to
supplement, validate or update the data we collect.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, marketing and
communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device information,
geolocation data, usage data, inferences
Third party partners. Third party applications and services, including
social networks you choose to connect with or interact with through our services, that make users’
information available to others.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, account
information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and
device information, geolocation data, usage data, inferences
Co-Branding/Joint Partners. Partners with which we offer co-branded
services or engage in joint marketing activities
Contact details, transaction details, account information, marketing and
communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device information,
geolocation data, usage data, inferences
Service providers. Third parties that collect or provide data in
connection with work they do on our behalf, for example companies that determine your device’s
location based on its IP address.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, account
information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and
device information, geolocation data, usage data, inferences
Publicly available sources. Public domain sources of information such
as open government databases.
Contact details, marketing and communications data, demographic data
E. Combination of Information; Inferences
We may combine the information we collect from and about
you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through our Site, as well
as information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and from third party
sources. We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate
information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”). For example, we infer
your city, state, and country location based on your IP address, or product or shopping preferences based on
your transaction history.
2. Cookies, Mobile IDs and Similar Technologies
We use cookies, web beacons, mobile analytics and advertising IDs, and similar technologies to
operate our websites and online services and to help collect data, including other identifiers and device
information and usage data. Please see more information regarding cookies, mobile IDs and similar technologies
by visiting our Cookie Policy.
3. Information Use
A. Use of Information by prAna
We use information we collect for purposes described in this Policy or
as disclosed to you in other ways including on our Site, in our stores, or in connection with our services. We
may use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, personalize your
experience on the Sites, target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services or other
offers that may be of interest to you, to measure ad quality and responses, and for internal business analysis
or other business purposes. For example, we may use your information to:
Purposes of Use
Categories of Personal Data
Product and Service Delivery. To provide and deliver our products,
services and Sites, including securing, troubleshooting, improving, and personalizing those
products, services and Sites.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, account
information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and
device information, geolocation data, usage data, video, inferences
Business Operations. To operate our business, such as billing,
accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, and detecting fraudulent or
illegal activity.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, account
information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and
device information, geolocation data, usage data, video, inferences
Improvement, Development, and Research. To test and improve our
products, services and Sites, develop new products or features, and conduct research.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, account
information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and
device information, geolocation data, usage data, inferences
Personalization. To provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and
advertising on the Site, via email, direct mail or across other websites, mobile applications, social media or
online services you may use.
Contact details, transaction details, account information, marketing and
communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data,
usage data, inferences
Customer Support. To provide customer support including for product returns, and
to respond to your questions.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, account information,
marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device information,
geolocation data, usage data, video, inferences
Community. To manage and administer our community
features and member programs and services
Contact details, transaction details, account information, marketing
and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation
data, usage data, inferences
Communications. To send you information, including confirmations,
invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages such as Abandoned
Cart, to invite you to participate in customer research opportunities, such as surveys and focus groups, and to
process and deliver contest entries and awards.
Contact details, financial data, transaction details, account
information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device
information, geolocation data, usage data, inferences
Marketing. To send you catalogs and to
communicate with you about new products, offers, promotions, contests and sweepstakes, upcoming events, and
other news offered by prAna and our selected partners (see the Choice and Control section of this Policy for how
to change your preferences for promotional communications).
Contact details, transaction details, account
information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, identifiers and device
information, geolocation data, usage data, inferences
Advertising. To display advertising to you (see
our Cookie Policy for information about personalized advertising and your advertising choices).
Contact details,
transaction details, account information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and
files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, usage data, inferences
We also use your information to provide you with other services or for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your
information or otherwise with your consent.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect
from different sources to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience.
C. Our Lawful Basis to Process EU/EEA Data
For residents of the European Union or European Economic
Area, we may use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of business purposes; in general to
provide our services, provide you with the products you order, offer you this website, improve customer
experience and engagement, and develop the services. We are committed to protecting and maintaining the privacy
of your information, and will process your data only in accordance with applicable data protection law and this
Policy.
We will have a lawful basis for processing your data when:
We need to process it in order to provide you with the products or services you request (e.g., to
fulfill your order);
You have consented to such processing (e.g., to receive offers and promotional emails from us);
We have a legitimate interest for processing your data – e.g., for fraud prevention; network and
information systems security; to provide the Site and ensure it functions properly; data analytics;
enhancing, modifying, or improving our Site and services; identifying usage trends; determining the
effectiveness of promotional campaigns; and/or
We are legally obliged to process it.
4. Sharing of Information
Certain sections of our Site are designed as open and public community areas for connecting and
sharing with other people. When you sign up for or participate in these areas you will be asked to provide
certain information that may be displayed publicly along with photos, stories, posts, product reviews and other
information you choose to provide. We may also post or publish your information when you submit comments,
stories, photos, and videos in connection with surveys, contests, sweepstakes, or promotions offered on the
Site.
We share personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide
the products you have requested or authorized. For example, when you provide payment data to make a purchase, we
will share that data with banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit
risk reduction, or other related financial services.
In addition, we share all the categories of your
personal information described above with third parties as follows:
with your consent, including if we
notify you on the Site that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide
such information or when you agree to our sharing of your information with other third parties for their own
marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies;
with our subsidiaries and affiliates
including common data systems to process personal information as needed to provide our products and operate our
business;
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our
behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us for the purposes described in this
policy, including fulfilling orders or assisting us in advertising our products and services on third party
websites;
we may share your name, address, email address, telephone number, data about your purchases,
transaction details, computer or device information, usage information, or other similar information with our
marketing partners or other third parties not affiliated with us. These third parties may (i) receive additional
information about you from service providers and other third parties, and (ii) use the information collected
from and about you (including the information received from us) to contact you via direct mail and/or email with
selected offers they believe may be of interest to you, or to display ads that may be of interest to you. If you
do not want us to share this information with these companies, you may opt out as described in “Your Rights, Choices, and Opt-Outs” section below.
If you choose to enter into one of our sweepstakes, contests, or
other promotions (a “Promotion”) we may disclose your information to third parties or the public in connection
with the administration of such Promotion, as required by law, as otherwise permitted by the Promotion’s
official rules, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Policy;
to (a) comply with laws or respond to lawful requests and legal process, (b) to protect the rights and
property of prAna, our agents, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use
or (c) in the good faith belief that disclosure is needed to respond to an emergency or protect the
personal safety of any person and (d) operate and maintain the security of our products, including to
prevent or stop spam or attempts to commit fraud, or an attack on our computer systems or networks; and
in connection with, or during negotiations of corporate transactions or proceedings such as a merger,
sale of company assets, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, divestiture, or other transfer
of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third party analytics and ad tech companies also collect data through our website and apps including,
transaction details, account information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content
and files, geolocation data, usage data, and inferences associated with identifiers and device
information (such as cookie IDs, device IDs and IP address) as described in our Cookie Policy.
Finally, we may share other de-identified information in accordance with applicable law.
Please note that some of our Sites include references or links to sites provided by third parties whose
privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide personal data to any of those third parties, or consent to
our sharing personal data with them, that data is governed by their privacy statements.
5. Security of Your Personal Information
prAna takes reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information in an effort
to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Despite our reasonable
efforts to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security
measures. To help protect personal information, we request that you use a strong password and never share your
password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
6. Your Rights, Choices, and Opt-Outs
A. Choices for Cookies and Similar Technologies.
See our Cookie Policy for choices about cookies and other
analytics and advertising controls.
B. Unsubscribing from our Marketing Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails
from prAna by following the instructions in those emails or using this Unsubscribe Link. If you choose to opt
out of promotional emails, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or
our ongoing business relations.
You may also send requests about your contact preferences or changes to
your information to pranapreference@prana.com or by writing us at:
prAna Customer Service 3209
Lionshead Avenue Carlsbad, CA, 92010
C. Opting Out of Marketing from Third Parties
You may opt out of our sharing information with third
parties for direct marketing purposes by contacting Customer Service at (866) 915-6457 or by email at
pranapreference@prana.com and providing your name and mailing address. Please include the statement “Opt-Out” in
the subject field, so we can properly direct your inquiry.
D. Opting Out of Location Collection
You may opt out from allowing prAna to collect certain
geographic location by changing your location preferences in your web browser or on your mobile device. We and
others may still collect other geographic location information such as address, city and state that you directly
provide or zip code, city and state inferred from your IP address.
F. EU/EEA Resident Rights
For residents of the European Union or European Economic Area, you have a number of rights with respect to the
personal data collected from or about you on the Site. This includes: (1) the right to request access to your
data; (2) the right to rectify or correct your information (if we are processing it); (3) the right to erasure
of your data, when there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it; (4) the right to restrict further
processing of your personal data; (5) the right to object to certain types of processing of your personal data;
(6) in some instances, the right to request that prAna export your personal data, in a structured, commonly
used, and machine readable format, and transmit to another controller; (7) the right to withdraw consent, at any
time, if you have given your consent to anything that we do with your personal data; and (8) the right to lodge
a complaint about the way we handle or process your personal data with your national data protection regulator.
If you are a resident of the EU or EEA and wish to exercise any of these rights with regards to your
personal information that we hold, please contact us via email at privacy-prana@prana.com. Further information
and advice about your rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country. Pursuant to
applicable data protection law, we may be entitled to refuse to act on the request.
7. Data Storage and International Transfers
This website is operated by prAna Living, LLC, a company which is headquartered in the United
States of America. To provide you with this website and the goods and services you order, your data may be
processed by prAna Living, LLC, its affiliates, and its service providers, who may be located in countries
(including the USA) other than your country of residence. These countries may have data protection laws that are
different than the laws in your country of residence, but prAna will protect your personal information in
accordance with applicable data protection law and this Policy at all times.
In particular, where we
transfer your information outside the EU or EEA, we make sure that any such transfers are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and using adequate and appropriate safeguards, including transferring to
companies that are Privacy Shield certified or using approved standard EU Model Clauses. To find out more about
how we safeguard your information (including obtaining a copy of such safeguards) in relation to transfers
outside the EU or EEA, please contact us as directed in the “Questions/Contact Us” section below.
8. International Customer Privacy
A. International Shipping Orders
For international shipping orders, prAna uses the services of Borderfree, Inc. ("Borderfree"). We have
contracted with Borderfree to ensure that they will process your information consistent with this Policy. When we
identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally, we work with Borderfree to complete your
order. Borderfree generally will collect and process your information, and you will be presented with Borderfree's
terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product(s) you ordered.
Once you place
your order, you may see box you can check if you would like to receive information from prAna regarding offers and
promotions that may be available from time to time. If the box is checked, Borderfree will share your information
with us, and we will protect and use your information in accordance with this Policy.
For international
customers, you can direct any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information by sending
us an email or writing us as directed in the “Questions/Contact Us” section below. We will investigate and attempt
to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Policy.
B. EU/EEA Data Retention
For residents of the EU or EEA, we will keep your personal data for as long as
we need it for the purpose for which it is being processed. For example, we will retain your information for as long
as you would like us to send you promotional offers or as needed to provide you with our goods or services; and
after that, we will keep the personal data for a period which enables us to handle or respond to any complaints,
queries or concerns relating to your account.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal
data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from
unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and
whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some
circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or
statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject
to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), beginning January 1, 2020 you have certain rights with respect
to that information.
Notice of Sales. Note that the CCPA defines “sell” very broadly, and certain
sharing activities described above may therefore be considered a sale under California law. For example, we
“sell” data to third party analytics, ad tech companies, affiliate marketers, and cooperative databases. These
parties may also further sell data to others as described in our Cookie Policy.
Right to Know. You have a right to request that we provide you with the following information:
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information.
The purposes for collecting, using, or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with which we share personal information.
The categories of personal information we have disclosed about you for a business purpose. Note that the CCPA defines “business purpose” broadly; and because we use service providers for a number of business purposes that require access to our systems that hold personal information (such as supplying cloud data storage, maintaining the security of our systems, and providing customer support), in the past 12 months we have disclosed for a business purpose data from all of the categories of personal information that we maintain.
The categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any), for each category of third parties to which the personal information was sold in the past 12 months. Note that the CCPA defines “sell” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this Policy with third party analytics and ad tech companies described in this Policy and in our Cookie Policy may be considered a “sale” under that definition. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
You may make such a “request to know” by completing the form provided here or by contacting us at
1-866-482-1422 during normal business hours. Note that we have provided much of this information in this Policy.
Right to Delete. You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under
certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. To make a request to delete, complete the form
provided here or contact us at 1-866-482-1422 during normal business hours.
Right to Opt-Out.
You have a right to opt-out from future “sales” of personal information. To do so, please see the California Do	Not Sell My Info page.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request	from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we
may need you to verify your identity directly with us. You have a right to not be discriminated against for
exercising rights set out in the CCPA.
In addition, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also
known as the “Shine the Light” law, if you are a California resident you may opt-out of our disclosure of
personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out, please contact us at
pranapreference@prana.com. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field. We
are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
Non-affiliated third parties are independent from prAna and if you wish to receive information about
your disclosure choices or stop communications from such third parties, you will need to contact those
non-affiliated third parties directly.
10. Third-Party Content, Links, and Plug-Ins
The Site may have links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from
our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
The Site may also offer you the
ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, which may allow us and/or the social media site
to receive data from or about you. In some cases, we may know that you clicked on a social plugin, such as a
Twitter Follow button, or receive other information from the social media sites. Similarly, if you have
previously provided personal information to a third-party operating a plug-in on this Site, then such
third-party may recognize you on this Site. Your use of social network plugins is subject to each social media
site’s privacy policy, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand
their policies and your options. As with linked sites, we have no control over the information that is
collected, stored, or used by social network plugins, and are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
11. Changes To This Policy
prAna will change this Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our products, how we use
personal information, or the applicable law. When we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the "Last
Updated" date above. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will provide notice or obtain consent
regarding such changes as may be required by law.
12. Questions/Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, you may email us at
privacy-prana@prana.com or write us at:
prAna Customer Service 3209 Lionshead Avenue Carlsbad, CA, 92010
expand_less
Back to Top
Transparency in Supply Chain Statement
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Info
© prAna 2020
BY MAILBY EMAIL
Page generated at: Fri Dec 11 2020 03:39:29 GMT-0000 (GMT)
Remove Product?
×
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the Basket?
Yes
Cancel