http://www.apracing.com/app-policy
You are here: Home
App Policy
AP Racing Ltd Mobile App Privacy Policy
App Privacy Policy
App Disclaimer
App Terms & Conditions
This is the privacy policy for AP RACING LIMITED (“we”, “our”, “us”). This Policy explains how and why we collect and use personal data, and what we do to ensure it is kept private and secure.
Click on any of the following sections to jump directly to that heading:
Who We Are
The Personal Data We Collect
Cookies
How We Use Your Personal Data
Marketing
Keeping your Personal Data Safe
Storage and Retention
Disclosing Your Personal data
Disclosures Required by Law
Links to Third Party Websites
Your rights
Updating this Policy
Who We Are
We are AP Racing Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company no. 03794633 and registered office at Seven Stars Industrial Estate, Wheler Road, Coventry, West Midlands, CV3 4LB. For the purposes of data protection law, we will be a controller of the personal data we hold about you. This means we make decisions about how and why your information is used, and have a legal duty to make sure that your rights are protected.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by writing to us at our registered address given above, Telephoning us on +44 (0) 2476 639595 or contacting us via e-mail at privacy.apracing@apracing.co.uk.
The Personal Data We Collect
We collect the following types of personal data:
Data you give us
When you fill in forms on www.apracing.com (our “Website”), we will receive the personal data they contain. This information may be provided at the time of requesting information about what we do or registering a product. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
If you send us personal data in connection with a job application, we may keep it for up to 6 months for all departments except engineering in case we decide to contact you at a later date.  In respect of the engineering department we may keep the personal data for up to 18 months due to the nature of the recruitment process including graduate applicants.
Technical data
When you visit our Website, we may collect technical data about the device you are using, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type. This is used for system administration and to improve the look and feel of our Website.
Special Category Data (also known as sensitive personal data)
We do not collect any Special Categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Data We Collect Through our AP Racing App
If you install the AP Racing app (the “App”) for assistance with authentication of genuine AP Racing products, we may collect certain details from you. When you install the App, we will ask you for:
your name and the name of your business;
details about which of our products you wish to register and authenticate; and
business and/or personal address
We will also collect technical data from your device automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique ID, its IP address, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the App.
If you allow us to do so, we will collect data about where your device is located. This enables us to further authenticate the product registration and provide information regarding local official AP Racing distributors/dealers. We will not share your current location with other users or partners. If you do not wish your location to be tracked, you can opt out of location services when you first launch the App, or if you change your mind at any time, most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services for specific apps from their settings screen. If you have any questions as to how you should do this, please contact your mobile carrier or the manufacturer of your device for instructions.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or device if you agree.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Website.
Analytical/performance cookies
These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website. This helps us to improve the way it works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
We also use cookies in our email communications to personalise the email and track whether the mail has been opened or read and whether the recipient has used any website links contained in the email message. This allows us to monitor and improve our email communications and website.
Google Analytics
The AP Racing website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for AP Racing Limited and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You can refuse to accept some or all cookies by modifying settings within your browser. For guidance on how to do this visit http://www.aboutcookies.org. However, if you block strictly necessary cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to perform a contract with you;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (see the "Legitimate Interests" section below); and
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We may use personal data held about you in the following ways:
to fulfil orders you have placed (either on your own behalf, or on behalf of your organisation);
to conduct in-house research and statistical analysis on product registrations for the purposes of new product and service development.
to communicate with you about news, new products and other activities happing at AP Racing;
to register or authenticate our products through the App;
to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
to respond to queries you send us; and
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, or between us and our clients e.g. where you are an employee of a client.
When contacting you for the above purposes we may do so by phone, post, email or other electronic means, unless you instruct us not to do so.
Your data will be treated in accordance with applicable data protection law. It will not be disclosed to anyone outside of AP Racing, its affiliated or associated companies, and any other parties named or described in section 8 below.
Legitimate interests
We may rely on legitimate interests to process your personal data, provided that your interests do not override our own. Where we rely on legitimate interests, these interests are:
to keep our records updated and to study how our Website is used;
to administer and protect our business and web presence (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting); and
to grow our business and inform our marketing strategy.
Marketing
Where you are acting as an agent, employee or contractor of one of our business customers, we may send you information about our products and services by e-mail or post. If you wish to opt out of receiving such material, please either contact us using the details given in section 1 above, or click the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing e-mails.
Keeping your Personal Data Safe
We employ a variety of physical and technical measures to keep your personal data safe and to prevent unauthorised access to, use or disclosure of it. Electronic data and databases are stored on secure servers in the EU and we control who has access to them (using both physical and electronic means).
Our staff receive data protection training and we have a set of detailed data protection procedures which they are required to follow when handling personal data.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. We cannot absolutely guarantee the security of the internet, external networks, or your own device, accordingly any online communications (e.g. information provided by email or through our Website) are at your own risk.
Storage and Retention
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the UK or the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that any personal data transferred outside the UK or the EEA is treated securely and in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How long we keep it
We collect and store personal data for purposes connected with our business. As such, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary for those purposes.
We keep information which forms part of our business record for the life of the product, as the lifespan of our products can differ depending on a range of factors, this period will be determined on a product-by-product basis, in order to guard against the risk of a legal claim or a request by the tax authorities to review our business records.
Disclosing Your Personal data
We may need to disclose your personal data to third parties. Where we do so, any such disclosure will be on the basis that these third parties are required to keep the data we give them confidential and secure, and will not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for us. We may disclose personal data to:
delivery companies in order to fulfil orders you or your employer has placed with us;
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this policy;
our professional advisors; and
our ultimate holding company (Brembo S.p.A., with registered office in Curno - 24035, Bergamo, Italy)
Disclosures Required by Law
We are subject to the law like everyone else. We may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
We also may need to retain and disclose certain personal data about you to regulatory authorities and to appropriate agencies to conduct anti-money laundering checks and to assist with fraud prevention. We will disclose this information as is required by law.
Links to Third Party Websites
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the personal data collected by AP Racing and does not apply to third party websites.
AP Racing is not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites. AP Racing advises users to read the privacy policies of other websites before providing them with any personal data.
Your rights
We want you to remain in control of your personal data. Part of this is making sure you understand your legal rights, which are as follows:
where your personal data is processed on the basis of consent, the right to withdraw that consent;
the right to confirmation as to whether or not we are holding any of your personal data and, if we are, to obtain a copy of it;
from 25 May 2018, the right to have certain data provided to you in a portable electronic format (where technically feasible);
the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified;
the right to object to your personal data being used for marketing or profiling, or on the basis of our or a third party’s legitimate interests;
the right to restrict how your personal data is used; and
the right to be forgotten, which allows you to have your personal data erased in certain circumstances (though this is not an absolute right and may not apply if we need to continue using it for a lawful reason).
If you would like further information about any of your rights or wish to exercise them, please contact us using the details given in section 1.
Please keep in mind that there are exceptions to the rights above and, though we will always try to respond to your satisfaction, there may be situations where we are unable to do so (for example, because the information no longer exists or there is an exception which applies to your request).
If you are not happy with our response, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you should contact the UK Information Commissioner's Office, which oversees data protection compliance in the UK. Details of how to do this can be found at www.ico.org.uk.
Updating this Policy
We may update this Policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Website and we will also revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal data we hold.
This policy was last updated on 23 May 2018
The terms set out in this disclaimer are in addition to the terms of use applicable to our mobile app.
All uses of our app are subject to our app’s terms of use which are available by clicking the following link https://apracing.com/app-privacy.
Our app is for use to help determine whether your product is an authentic “AP Racing” product for the first point of sale only (if you are buying a “second hand” “AP Racing” product please contact us by one of the methods set out below to find out what we will need from you in order to authenticate your product).
It does not affect any warranties, recommendations or other instructions that we may publish in relation to our products from time to time.
If it turns out that you have a product which gives the impression that it is an “AP Racing” product when in fact it is not, although the app should alert us we would be truly grateful if you would contact us by one of the methods listed below.
We are proud of our app and believe that for the most part, our app will be able to identify an authentic “AP Racing” product.
However, we can’t guarantee that our app will be 100% accurate; copycats just keep getting smarter.
If you have your doubts about the accuracy of the app’s results,
then please do contact us by one of the methods listed below
Our app has been developed for general use and we do not guarantee that the functions of our app will meet your specific requirements or that our app will work on your specific device; it is your responsibility to check these for yourself.
The use of our app requires your mobile device to be connected to the Internet.
You are responsible for procuring the connection of your mobile device to the Internet and the payment of any data or other charges that you incur through use of our app.
We do not guarantee that our app, or any content on it, will always be available or that your use of our app will be uninterrupted.
We will not be liable to you if for any reason our app is unavailable at any time or for any period of time or your access to our app is delayed, restricted or interrupted.
We may release updates for our app from time to time but we are under no obligation to provide you with any maintenance or support services.
You may need to download updates manually through your mobile device’s or the App Store’s functionality.
You can contact us as follows:
Email: sales@apracing.co.uk
Post: AP Racing Ltd, Seven Stars Industrial Estate, Wheler Road, Coventry, West Midlands, CV3 4LB
Telephone: +44 (0) 2476 639 595
1. Use of the APP "Original AP Racing"
By downloading, installing and using the APP The user agrees to be bound by the following terms and conditions and any changes that may be made. In order to access the services and use the app "Original AP Racing", the user may be required to provide the data needed for their identification or, anyway, the data necessary to enable the use of the APP "Original AP Racing" and associated services. "AP RACING LTD" will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the communication of data and information that is not true.
The user may receive press releases promotions for both "APRACING" itself, both companies linked to it, both of third parties.
The user accepts that "AP RACING LTD" can insert such advertising and that it is not liable for any loss or damage of any kind suffered as a result of the presence of such advertisers or the subsequent reports of the user with such advertisers.
The user and "AP RACING LTD" may discontinue use of the APP "Original AP Racing" at any time. "AP RACING LTD reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the services provided through the App "Original AP Racing", or part of them, at any time and without notice. The user accepts that "AP RACING LTD" will not be held liable to you or any third party for the aforementioned changes, suspensions or interruptions. In the event of termination of the contract, the user will have to cease the use of the APP "Original AP Racing". "AP RACING LTD reserves the right to withdraw access to the service or to digital content at any time without notice and without any refund. The failure to exercise by our rights provided under this contract in your regard, does not represent a our waiver of any such rights.
2. Intellectual property rights
the user recognizes and accepts that the app "Original AP Racing" and any service connected to the APP "Original AP Racing" may involve the use of proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other standards or treaties also international..
"AP RACING LTD grants the user a law and a personal license, non-transferable and non-exclusive rights for the use of the APP "Original AP Racing". The user agrees not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or use for commercial purposes, in whole or in part, the app "Original AP Racing". The user undertakes not to carry out, directly or indirectly, to one of the following tasks: copy, modify, create derivative works of the source code, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover this code, sell, transfer, sublicense or otherwise transfer any rights concerning the APP, unless such activity is not explicitly required by law.
The APP "Original AP Racing" can automatically return diagnostic data and automatically download updates in order to update, enhance and further develop the service, including
3. Manleve and limitation of liability
the User declares to recognize and accept the following:
a. The use of the APP "Original AP Racing" on the part of the user is at the sole risk of the user himself. The APP "Original AP Racing" is provided "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. To the maximum extent permitted by law, "AP RACING LTD" and its partners do not recognize any warranty or condition of any kind, including without limitation the implied warranties and conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose;
b. "AP RACING LTD DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE APP "Original AP Racing" meets the specific needs of the user, that is free of failures or without error, that any errors in the software will be corrected;
c. No information or advice, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM "AP RACING LTD" will constitute a form of guarantee.
The user agrees to indemnify and hold harmless "AP RACING LTD" , as well as the society its subsidiaries or affiliates, its officers, agents, employees, advertisers, licensors, suppliers or partners of any sort of compensation liability toward third parties arising from or in any way connected to the use of the APP "Original AP Racing" on the part of the user for violations of these Terms and conditions, from any action related to the use of the APP "Original AP Racing", including any liability or expense arising from all claims, losses, damages (direct or indirect), cause, judgment, costs and legal advice, of any type and nature.
The user acknowledges and expressly agrees that "AP RACING LTD" and partners will NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER losses arising from or in any way connected to the use of the APP "Original AP Racing" on the part of the user.
4. Applicable legislation
with the acceptance of these terms and conditions all users of the APP "Original AP Racing" accept in full the UK legislation applicable in this matter, including that on the right of author. This Agreement is drawn up in the English language and will prevail in case of conflict, on any previous versions and/or on further versions translated into foreign languages.
You can contact us as follows:
Email: sales@apracing.co.uk
Post: AP Racing Ltd, Seven Stars Industrial Estate, Wheler Road, Coventry, West Midlands, CV3 4LB
Telephone: +44 (0) 2476 639 595
AP Racing Ltd
Registered office Address:
Seven Stars Industrial Estate, Wheler Road, Coventry, West Midlands, CV3 4LB
Registered in England and Wales
Company No. 03794633 VAT Registration No. GB 747 8871 70
Contact us today if you need any help finding the right product for you +44 (0) 24 7663 9595