http://www.schweizerbart.de/home/privacy_policy?af=footer
HomePublicationsJournals & SeriesShop
Show menuHide menu
Startpage•
Search•
Content alerts•
BGR/LBEG publications•
Catena Soil Science Publications•
Senckenberg publications•
Catalogues•
About us•
Contact us•
Find us
Content alerts
Stay up to date with free content alerts via e-mail.
Subscribe now
Customer account
Login
Register account
RSS feeds
All publications
more feeds...
Home
EnglishEN
FrançaisFR
DeutschDE
Privacy/Data protection statement according to EU-GDPR
We are pleased that you are interested in our products and services.
Protecting your privacy and keeping your data, personal and other, safe is a
principle important to both our staff and our management.
Browsing our web site is generally possible without providing personal information.
The party responsible for processing data is:
Schweizerbart Science Publishers
(Nägele u. Obermiller)
Johannesstr. 3A
70176 Stuttgart
Germany
This privacy statement informs you, the user of this website, about
the types, extent and purpose of data we collect.
Furthermore, it informs you about the rights
you have in this context.
1. General statements
Company, staff and servers are
located in Germany.
We use secure SSL-encryption.
We do not profile or track you and
do not make automatized decision finding at Schweizerbart.
We do not use Google Analytics.
Schweizerbart has not and will not pass personal data to third parties.
a) Definitions
This privacy statement is based on terms
that were used in the GDPR. This privacy statement is to be easily
understandable by the public at large and our business partners,
and for this reason we define the terms used below here:
Personal data
are data that relate to an identified or identifyable individual
(in the following: "person concerned"). Identifyable is
any individual, to whom a name, an id number, an identifier, location data,
an online-id or one or multiple characteristics, which express their
physical, physiological, genetic, psychic, economic, cultural or social identity can
directly or indirectly be assigned. In short, personal data are information that may be assigned to
an individual or allow the identification of that individual.
Non personal (anonymous) data
are data that are created and saved in an anonymized form,
and cannot be used, either solely, or in conjunction with other data,
to identify individuals.
A concerned individual is any
individual, whose personal data are processed by Schweizerbart.
Processing
means any process or chain of processes, automatically or manually
related to personal data, such as the gathering, collecting, sorting,
storage, organization, adaption, modification, querying, use, and publication,
dissemination or any other form of dissemination, deletion, verification,
or restriction of personal data.
Processing restrictions
means applying measures to limit the future use of personal data.
Profiling means any kind of
automatic processing of personal data to identifiy certain personal aspects of
a concerned individual, particulary work load, economic condition,
health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location,
or changes of location of an individual or to predict these.
Pseudonymization is processing of
personal data in such a way, that they can no longer be connected to
an individual without perusing additional information, if these additional
data are not stored with the pseudonymized data and appropriate measures
are taken, which ensure that the pseudonymized data cannot be connected with
an individual.
Person responsible, or person responsible for processing
is the person or legal entity, agency, institution or other entity, who
solely, or in conjunction with others, decides the causes and means of processing of personal data.
Where Union or Member State Law stipulates purposes and means of processing these data, the law may also stipulate who is responsible for processing.
External data processors are individuals
or legal entities, agencies, institutions or other, who process personal data
by order of the person responsible for processing.
Recipient is any individual,
legal entity, agency, or other entity to whom personal data are
disclosed, no matter whether it is a third party, or not.
Authorities which receive personal data and have a specific
purpose according to Union Law, or the law of a member state
are not considered as recipients.
A third party is any individual,
legal entity, agency or other entity, other than the concerned individual,
the person responsible for processing, an external data processor and
individuals processing personal data by order of
the formementioned entities.
Consent is any unambiguous
agreement of the concerned person, by direct or indirect
acknowledgement or confirmative action by which the concerned
person signals, that he agrees to processing of his personal data.
Cookies are small text files,
created by your internet browser (e.g. Firefox, IE, Opera) and
stored on your computer. Cookies enable many web sites to function
securely, but also allow analyzing how a web site is used by
the users of a web site.
An IP-address ("IP" stands for "Internet Protocol") is a
unique address that any device connected to the internet possesses.
b) Personal data
By browsing our website, we do neither collect your personal data,
nor do we store them.
Only if you decide to make use of our services, collecting, storing
and processing your personal data may be required. If we collect your
personal data for these purposes, and there is no legal basis for collecting
them, we will request you to agree to this.
We collect, process and store personal data only if you decide to use our services,
create a customer account, buy articles, add or update the data of your customer account,
or if you sign up to receive our email newsletters/alerts.
For this purpose, we request and collect the following personal data:
Data, which identify you individually,
such as your name, postal address, telephone/fax number, email-addresses
and any information which you decide to add to your customer account/order.
If you decide to use our contact form to
contact Schweizerbart, the personal data you enter there will be
saved and transmitted to Schweizerbart automatically. Such voluntarily
communicated personal data are stored for the purpose of processing your request.
Schweizerbart never passes your personal data to third parties.
Data, which you communicate to Schweizerbart as part of order processing, and other data related to such transactions, that you generate, which relate to you as a buyer and are connected to a customer account you have created.
We use these data for the purpose of processing your order. You will receive
information about your order electronically. The data are stored to
service your customer account.
We furthermore require your data to enable
external data processors
(e.g. the postal service)
to conduct technical and logistic services
on our behalf (e.g. shipping), as you have requested us to do.
We also require your data to enable you to access our electronic
contents or information.
Security notice
Schweizerbart has set up technical and organizational measures to
ensure the best possible protection of your personal data. However,
internet based data transmission is always prone to security problems
and for this reason we cannot guarantee the uncompromized transmission of
data by FAX or email. For this reason, you may use other channels
to transmit sensitive information to Schweizerbart, e.g. by phone or
postal mail.
c) Logging of general data and information
With every visit, our web site collects and stores a number of
general data. These data are logged by the web server. Among those are
(1) the type and version of browser used, (2) the operating system you use,
(3) the web page that refered this page (so called referer),
(4) the pages you visit at our website, (5) time and date of access,
(6) the IP-address of your device, (7) some other data which serve to harden
and preserve the safety of our server system.
These general data do not allow to identify you. Rather, they are
required to (1) present the contents of our website correctly, (2) to opimize
its contents and advertising, (3) to ensure the permanent and secure
function of our website and (4) to provide data to law enforcement authorities
in case of attacks on this system. We use these anonymous data to
prepare usage statistics and to increase the level of protection
of our systems and the personal data you entrust us with. Anonymous data are
collected separately from any personal data and are deleted
regularly after inspection.
d) Cookies
Cookies According to Art. 6 Abs. 1 of the GDPR our web site uses
so called cookies. They are required for our website to function, we do not track you,
nor do we profile you. These cookies do no damage on your computer, cannot be
used to identify you as an individual and do not contain computer viruses.
They are administered by your browser and are either deleted automatically by your browser or
may be deleted manually by you. Please peruse your browser's documentation to find out
how to delete cookies.
e) IP-address
Your IP-address is logged as part of our safety measures, but this does not
allow to identify you as an individual.
2. Registration at our website / customer account
You may create a customer account at our website, but you need to
identify yourself for this. Which personal data are required is
seen on the respective registration form. Your personal data are
solely used for internal use at Schweizerbart. Schweizerbart may,
where necessary, pass these data on to external processors,
eg. the postal service which receives these data for the sole
purpose to use them exclusively to conduct its service.
When you register with us, or place an order, we also collect the
IP-address from which the order was placed or the request was made
and date and time when this ocurred.
We store these data to prevent abuse of our services and,
where necessary, investigate them. Storing these data is part of our
effort to make and keep our services robust and secure. We generally do not pass your data on to third parties unless required by Law.
Your registration serves to offer services (some of them free),
which by their very nature can only be made available to
registered users.
3. Receiving our newsletters / alerts
Our web page allows you to subscribe to newsletters and journal alerts.
The personal data required for subscribing to these services are seen
on the respective registration forms (normally email and optionally a name).
We use these newsletters to inform customers and business partners regularly
about new publications. To receive them, you need to provide (1) a valid email
address and if you have (2) registered to receive them. Once you have registered,
you will receive a confirmation email (double opt in) at the email address you
specified which contains a confirmation link, which you must follow. This ascertains,
that the owner of the email address, the concerned person, authorizes receiving our
newsletters. This also rules out abuse of email addresses by third parties.
The personal data during newsletter registrations serve the sole purpose of
performing this service, per your request. Schweizerbart will never pass these data to third parties.
We reserve the right to use the service to announce changes to the newsletter
service itself, should this be necessary.
You may terminate receiving the newsletter/alerts at any time. For that purpose,
there is a link at the bottom of each mail, which needs to be clicked.
Failing that, you may terminate the subscription by communicating by
other means (e.g. emailing Schweizerbart).
4. Contacting Schweizerbart via email or website (contact form)
You may contact Schweizerbart by email or by using the contact form of our website.
If you do that, we will store and process the personal data (contact), which you transmit
to Schweizerbart voluntarily, in order to process your request.
Schweizerbart never passes such data to third parties.
5. Right to information on, correction,
deletion, locking, transfer of your data
Information: you have
the right to request
information which data we store/process about you,
the purpose of their storage and processing.
Correction: you have
the right to request correction of your personal data.
Deletion/Locking/Retraction:
Furthermore you have the right to demand deletion (retraction) of your data.
Where there is a legal requirement to preserve your data,
your data will be locked instead of being deleted as long as there is
a legal requirement to preserve them.
Transfer: you have the
right to receive your personal data in a common
machine-readable, structured format.
Opt-out
you may opt out from receiving promotional material at any time.
File a complaint with a supervisory authority
According to Sec 77, DGPR, you have the right to file a complaint with a
supervisory authority in your member state of residence or employment or the location
where the purported violation has taken place, if you feel that your personal
data were processed in violation of data protection regulations.
If you do have questions about Schweizerbart's privacy statement,
or if you would like to excercise any of the
rights or procedures described herein, please contact:
E.Schweizerbart'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung
Johannesstr. 3A
70176 Stuttgart
Germany
Telefon: ++49-(0)711-351456-0 (Monday-Friday, between 7:30am and 4pm, CET)
Fax: ++49-(0)711-351456-99 oder
per E-Mail mail@schweizerbart.de
© 2020 by Schweizerbart science publishers
Johannesstr. 3A
D-70176 Stuttgart, Germany
Phone ++49-(0)711-3514560 /
Fax ++49-(0)711-351456-99
2020-12-11 15:44:06
Contact us | General Business Terms | Privacy Policy | RSS feeds | Press | Impress