http://www.premier-livestock-handling.co.uk/privacy-statement
Premier Livestock | Biggar Mill | Port Road | Dalbeattie | Scotland | DG5 4AZ
Premier Livestock Handling
Premier Livestock Handling
About Premier Livestock Handling
Events
Blog
Links
Contact Premier Livestock
You are here:
Home | Privacy Statement
Search
Go
Today's Date: 11/12/2020
Unistock Cattle Crates and Headgates
Unistock Cattle Headgate
Unistock Forward Catch Headgate
Unistock Cattle Crate MK1
Unistock Cattle Crate MK2
Electronic Weighing & EID
Unistock Cattle Squeeze Crates
Unistock Manual Multi Angular Cattle Squeeze Crate
Unistock Accessories
Unistock Foot Trimming Attachments
Cattle Head Scoop
Unistock Extended Cattle Crates
Unistock Extended Manual Squeeze Crate
Customer Photos
Privacy Statement
Overview
Premier Livestock Handling Ltd, cattle equipment manufacturers is aware of the need to address Internet privacy issues and we believe you should be aware of how we intend to treat any information about you that we might receive on the Internet as a result of your visit to this website.
Information About On-Line Visitors
You can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the email addresses of visitors. In general, at Premier Livestock Handling Ltd we gather information about users of the Site collectively in order to determine, for example, which areas users access more frequently. This information helps us to determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how Premier Livestock Handling Ltd can continually create a better overall experience for our users by improving our Cattle Equipment and the content of the website.
There are times however, when we may need information from you, such as your name, address and your Cattle Equipment needs. Customarily, the personal information Premier Livestock Handling Ltd obtains is used only to respond to enquiries and orders. We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information for market research such as, your interests, demographics, and experience of the area. Premier Livestock Handling Ltd does not sell or pass information such as email addresses to third parties.
Cookies
There is a technology called 'cookies' which is an element of data that a website can send to your browser which may then store on your system. Some website pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to the Premier Livestock Handling Ltd website. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Web Site Links
This website contains links to other websites, and cattle equipment related information which we believe will be of interest to visitors. While we try to link only to sites that share its high standards and respect for privacy, Premier Livestock Handling Ltd cannot take responsibility for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
PrivacyLegalTermsCookies
Sitemap
HomeNews & EventsBlog
Contact
Static Cattle EquipmentUnistock Mobile Cattle Handling
Unistock Accessories
Electronic Weighing & EID
Premier Livestock Facebook
Copyright 2010 - 2017 Premier Livestock Handling
Web Design by Eskdale Solutions