https://www.wardcedarloghomes.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home   >   Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Customer information is used solely for Ward Cedar Log Homes’ marketing purposes and to improve customer service.  Ward Cedar Log Homes does not share customer information with any other entities.
Information Collection
Ward Cedar Log Homes collects personal information voluntarily submitted by users of our Web site, which enables us to respond to requests for publications and information.  We also collect aggregate anonymous information to help us to tailor the Web site to user interests and concerns.
We compile aggregate information on our Web site’s traffic.  That information is anonymous, and we use it to improve our Web site. We value your privacy.  We have put in place procedures to safeguard the information you provide to us online.  However, no transmission of data is completely secure, so submissions are at the user’s risk.
By using our Web site, the user agrees without limitation or qualification, to the terms of this Privacy Statement.
General Disclaimer
We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information on our Web site, and we are not responsible for any damages of any sort, including indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, arising out of the use of our Web site or reliance on the information available on our Web site.
The information contained on our Web site, and our policies and disclaimers concerning your access to and use of the Web site, are subject to change, and we reserve the right to modify them at any time without notice.
This Web site is restricted to users from the United States and those not governed by privacy policies of European Union. Users from other countries are advised not to disclose personal information to Ward Cedar Log Homes because the protection of their information will be under United States law and may be different from the law in their home country.
External Links
This Web site contains links to external Web sites that do not fall under wardcedarloghomes.com domain.  Ward Cedar Log Homes is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such external Web sites.  If you choose to follow such links to external Web sites, you do so at your own risk.
E-mail Privacy
Your email address will only be used within Ward Cedar Log Homes.  Ward Cedar Log Homes does not sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside the organization. If you do not wish to receive email correspondence, please email your request to info@wardcedarloghomes.com or call our office at 800-341-1566.
Copyrights
Copyright in this Web site as a whole and the text contained in this Web site is owned by Ward Cedar Log Homes.  The text contained in this Web site may be used, downloaded, reproduced, retransmitted, reprinted or translated, provided that this copyright notice appears on all copies and provided that such use, download, reproduction, retransmission, reprint or translation is for non-commercial, educational or personal use only.  The text contained in this Web site may not be modified in any way, except that it may be translated into a different language, provided that Ward Cedar Log Homes shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such translation or liability for its use and that, for translated text, the copyright notice identifying Ward Cedar Log Homes as copyright owner shall indicate that it pertains to the original text and that the translation has not been reviewed or approved by Ward Cedar Log Homes.
All rights for photographs, illustrations, artwork, images and other graphics are reserved to Ward Cedar Log Homes and/or copyright owners.  Prior permission to reproduce or reprint any photograph, illustration, art work or other graphic must be obtained from the copyright owner, regardless of the intended use.
In the Event of a Transfer or Change of Control
The ownership of this Web site may change at some point in the future.  In the event of a transfer or other change in control of this Web site, your information may be shared with the person or business that owns or controls this Web site.
As Required By Law
Ward Cedar Log Homes may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on Ward Cedar Log Homes or to protect and defend the rights or property of Ward Cedar Log Homes.
Let's Find Your Ward Cedar Log Home Today!
Square footage
Under 1,000 sq.ft.
1,000 sq.ft - 2,000 sq.ft.
2,000 sq.ft. - 3,000 sq.ft.
3,000+ sq.ft.
Bedrooms
1-2 Bedrooms
3 Bedrooms
4-5 Bedrooms
5+ Bedrooms
Series
Personalized Homes
Hybrid Series
Camp Series
Cedar Valley Series
Premier Series
UntitledView Our Planning Guide
Please leave your name and email (optional) if you want us to contact you to answer any questions.NameEmail