https://www.statefarm.com/insurance/home-and-property/personal-articles-policy
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you for business, marketing, and commercial purposes.
Read more
X
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you such as identifying information (name, address, driver's license number), transactional information (products or services purchased and payment history), digital network activity (interactions with our website, IP address), geo-location data, audio recordings and other forms of personal information. We use this information for business, marketing and commercial purposes, including but not limited to, providing the products and services you request, processing your claims, protecting against fraud, maintaining security, confirming your identity and offering you other insurance and financial products.
For California residents, click here to view the full version of the California Consumer Privacy Notice.
Para español, haga clic aquí para ver la versión completa del Aviso de Privacidad del Consumidor de California.
Read less
X
Espa&ntilde;ol
No disponible en español
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Localiza a un agente
Cancelar
Aviso
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Continuar
Cancelar
Start Of Main Content
InsuranceHome And PropertyPersonal Articles Policy
Help Protect Your Assets With a Personal Articles Policy
Get coverage beyond your homeowners or renters policy to protect your valuable items. Ask your State Farm® agent if a Personal Articles Policy is right for you.
Contact a Local State Farm Agent
ZIP Code
For a quote, call 844-242-1899 844-242-1899
Why You Need Insurance for Your Personal Articles
Anything that isn’t permanently attached to your home or your property is most likely considered personal property. Personal articles coverage may offer broader coverage than your existing homeowners policy, helping ensure you can protect those items you value (and even those you don’t).
Items a Personal Articles Policy May Protect
Keepsakes
Jewelry, collectibles1, fine art, furs
Equipment
Cameras, computers and software, musical instruments, bicycles, silverware, sports equipment2
Health-related
Hearing aids, medical devices, prosthetic devices, personal mobility devices and wheelchairs
What a Personal Articles Policy Doesn’t Cover
While coverage protects your personal property for many loss situations, there are some exceptions. Your State Farm agent and items outlined in your policy will help you understand details about your personal property coverage.
What if I'm Not at Home?
Personal property doesn’t have to be in your home to be protected by your policy. Your coverage travels with you — whether you’re enjoying the vacation of your dreams or running weekly errands.
Talk to a Local State Farm Agent
Personal Articles
Policy Features
Worldwide Coverage
Personal property coverage applies anywhere in the world. When you go on vacation, items such as jewelry and cameras are covered (fine art items are only covered within the United States and Canada).
Replacement Cost Coverage
We'll pay the cost to repair or replace your personal property, without deduction for depreciation up to the applicable limit. The personal articles policy insures against theft and accidental direct physical damage to covered property with some limitations and exclusions.
Deductible
Although available if desired, there generally is no deductible on a personal articles policy.
Contact a Local State Farm Agent
ZIP Code
For a quote, call 844-242-1899 844-242-1899
Optional Coverages
Wedding Present Coverage
In addition to coverage for your engagement and wedding rings, we can cover your wedding gifts as well. Adding the Wedding Gift endorsement provides temporary coverage (before and up to 90 days after your wedding) to protect your gifts. Refer to the policy for a complete description of the Losses Not Insured.
Broad Pair and Set Coverage3
Broad Pair and Set Coverage provides the full amount of the value specified on your policy needed to replace an item or items of jewelry that are part of a pair or set. For example, a pair of earrings would qualify for this coverage.
Inflation Coverage
The amount of coverage is automatically adjusted annually based on the Consumer Product inflation index. Valuable items should be professionally reappraised regularly.
1 Collectibles include such items as dolls, model trains, sports cards, comic books, and stamp and coin collections.
2 Sports equipment includes such items as equipment used with fishing, hunting, archery, skiing, scuba diving and snowboarding.
3 Coverage option not available in Texas.
This page contains only a general description of coverages and is not a contract. Details of coverage, coverage limits, optional coverages or services may vary in some states. All coverages are subject to the terms, provisions, exclusions, and conditions in the policy itself and in any endorsements.
State Farm Fire and Casualty Company
Bloomington, IL
State Farm General Insurance Company
Bloomington, IL
State Farm Florida Insurance Company
Winter Haven, FL
State Farm County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas
Richardson, TX