https://www.pricegroup.com/policies/
Company Policies
The PRICE Futures Group, Inc. has created this statement with respect to our web site in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our website: https://www.pricegroup.com.
Form Data
Our site’s registration form(s) may require users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers, and optional information (like their mailing address). The customer’s contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary, such as sending promotional material. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings or emails. Unique identifiers (such as user names and passwords) are collected for use as account numbers in our record system. Profile data is also sometimes collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Third Party Info
We DO NOT sell your user information to third parties.
Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service: http://offers.pricegroup.com/unsubscribe.htm.
External Links
Should you leave this site via a link contained herein, and view content that is not provided by us, you do so at your own risk. The content to which you link will not have been developed, checked for accuracy, or otherwise reviewed by us. We are not responsible for damages or losses caused by any delays, defects or omissions that may exist in the services, information or other content provided in such sites, whether actual, alleged, consequential or punitive. We make no guarantees or representations as to, and shall have no liability for, any electronic content delivered by any third party, including, without limitation, the accuracy, subject matter, quality or timeliness of any electronic content. By creating a link to a third party website, we do not endorse or recommend any products or services offered on that website. There are inherent risks in the use of any software and information found in the internet, and you acknowledge that you understand these risks before using any of these services. You should be aware that linked sites may contain rules and regulations, privacy provisions, confidentiality provisions, transmission of personal data provisions and other provisions that differ from the provisions provided on these sites. We are not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaim any and all liability related to such provisions.
Additional Material
We offer access to market information and additional resources for informational and educational purposes. Although the information provided to you on this site is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, we cannot and do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, validity, timeliness, or completeness of any information or data made available to you, either expressly or impliedly.
Public Forums
This site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. We have provided the user with the capability to select a username to protect their privacy on the public message boards.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Cookies
Our site, from time to time, may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Contact Us Chicago Board of Trade
141 West Jackson Blvd.
Ste 1920
Chicago, IL 60604
+1 312 264 4300
info@pricegroup.com
Our ServicesTrade Futures
Managed Futures
Hedging
Trading Tools
Education
Important LinksEmployee Login
Career Opportunities
Institutional Services
Company Policies
Contact Us
Market Insights Blog Subscribe to Market Insights, our dynamic, real-time, searchable, and shareable information portal for
current and time-sensitive market data and trading information.Visit Our Blog!
Scroll to top