http://www.primemarketingstrategy.com/privacy-policy
Login | Register
Search form
Consulting Services
Are your customers commoditizing your high-value solutions?
Is it increasingly difficult to forecast results?
Do your customers have value clarity?
Our Senior Consultants can help you answer these most pressing issues.
Custom Programs
Is it difficult to differentiate your high-value solutions?
Are your people selling to executives or are they hung up in mid-level management and the purchasing department?
Are you bringing a customized decision process to your customers?
Our expertise delivers concise processes and diagnostic skills, across functions, to organizations involved in complex sales
Keynote Speaking
Jeff Thull, President and CEO, Prime Resource Group
Keynote Speaker:
Compelling, entertaining, thought-provoking
Track Record:
Over 3500 speeches and seminars delivered worldwide
Author:
Four best-selling books
Thought-Leader:
Sales and market strategies for companies involved in complex sales and solutions.
Bring Jeff Thull into your organization today!
Open Seminars
Mastering the Complex Sale On Location and Online
A Dramatically Different Process for a Dramatically Different Market
An intensive sales training seminar for sales professionals involved in the complex sales of software, technology, capital equipment and high-level professional services.
Open Seminar Schedule
Online Store
Mastering the Complex Sale seminar registrations
Jeff Thull's Best-Selling Books
Audio Books and CDs
Click here for our online product store.
Resource LibraryLatest News
Our Company
Management Consultants
Career Opportunities
Our Customers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Prime Resource Group.
This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Prime Resource Group collects, and the ways in which Prime Resource Group uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Prime Resource Group may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website;
information that you provide for the purpose of registering with the website;
information about transactions carried out over this website;
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services; and
any other information that you send to Prime Resource Group.
Using personal information
Prime Resource Group may use your personal information to:
administer this website;
personalize the website for you;
enable your access to and use of the website services;
publish information about you on the website;
send to you products that you purchase;
supply to you services that you purchase;
send to you statements and invoices;
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications.
Where Prime Resource Group discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Prime Resource Group may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Prime Resource Group will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Prime Resource Group will store all the personal information you provide on its in-house or cloud provider secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Prime Resource Group collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Prime Resource Group operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Prime Resource Group may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Prime Resource Group is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Prime Resource Group
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Prime Resource Group’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to support@primeresource.com; or
by post to Prime Resource Group, 4352 Willow Drive, Medina MN, 55340
Jeff Thull's Best-Seller!
Mastering the Complex Sale
How to Compete and Win When the Stakes are High
Download Chapter 1
Order today!
To the Point. with Jeff Thull
Video:
Top three challengesof selling in a complexEra 3 market
Article:
Achieving Predictableand ProfitableOrganic Growth
Is Value Leakage Sabotaging the Execution of Your Strategy?by Jeff Thull Read more
Avoid the Commoditization Trapby Jeff Thull Read more
Selling Gets Complex with Jeff Thull
HBR Blog Network covers Diagnostic Thinking.
Watch the video...
Jeff Thull Debates Needs vs. Value
4352 Willow Drive
Medina, MN 55340
support@primeresource.com
+1 763 473 7529
©2020 Prime Resource Group. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Latest News
Online Store
Contact Us