https://www.classicimagesstockfootage.com/privacy-policy
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse you are agreeing to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Classic Images Stock Footage will never sell your personal data. Please find more information about what cookies we use in sections privacy-policy.
Agree
Search
Research Request / Offline Order
Home
Privacy Policy
Back
Privacy Policy
Classic Images Stock Footage Privacy Policy (Effective date: January 2020)
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy policy of Classic Images Stock Footage and the Classic Images Stock Footage web site (“Site”).
Please note that by agreeing to this Privacy Policy and providing your personal information you consent to the use of your personal information by Classic Images Stock Footage for the uses identified below in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and the transfer of information about you to servers located both inside and outside the United States, as necessary.
Children
Minors and children under the age of 18 are not eligible to use this Site unsupervised and we ask that minors and children do not register for an account or submit any personal information to us. By using this Site unsupervised, and/or registering for an account, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.
Personal Information
Classic Images Stock Footage collects certain personal information from users of the Classic Images Stock Footage Site. To register for an account, users must provide certain contact and account information such as name, email address, billing address, and phone number to be able to access, download and license the material displayed on the Site, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, photographic images, moving images, sound, illustrations, software, and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, “Material”). Classic Images Stock Footage may use certain account information such as credit or debit card numbers and company information of registered users to conduct credit inquiries. Classic Images Stock Footage may use this information it collects about you for the purpose of:
processing your order and any invoices;
maintaining or updating your Classic Images Stock Footage registered account;
contacting you in response to forms such as "Contact Us" or Live Chat or emailed requests;
sending you updates about special offers and promotions, and important news and events;
contacting you about a material change to this Privacy Policy or Site Usage Agreement, if necessary; and
complying with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served on us.
Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, Classic Images Stock Footage does not sell, share or rent information about its customers to third parties for their marketing or promotional purposes.
We may disclose your personal information: to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including without limitation to respond to any government or regulatory request; to enforce or apply our Classic Images Stock Footage Site Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”), Classic Images Stock Footage license agreements, or other agreements existing between us, including for billing and collection purposes; and if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Classic Images Stock Footage, our customers or others, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Data Retention
We will keep information about you for as long as your account is active. If you wish to terminate your account or request that we no longer use information about you, updates about offers and / or promotions and important news and events, then please contact us at sales@classicimagesstockfootage.com. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our contracts.
Profile Information
Your profile information in the registration form is used by Classic Images Stock Footage in order to create personalized Material and services. Classic Images Stock Footage may also profile your Site activity in order to accurately track your account and provide you with Material and services that fit your interests.
Classic Images Stock Footage may also compile data in aggregate form so that we may better understand the users visiting the Site. Aggregate data does not contain any personal information that identifies a user. Classic Images Stock Footage may provide and / or enable access to non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our Site users to third parties for their audit, research and analytical purposes.
Automatically Collected Information
When you access and use the Classic Images Stock Footage Site, we gather certain information automatically. This information includes Internet protocol addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may collect non-personal information about the computer or other device you use to access the Site, such as geographical information, device identifiers, browser language and other information.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users' movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
If you are logged into your user account, we are able to link this automatically collected data to such account, including sales history. Internet Protocol addresses are tied to geographic information to segregate customer location for analytical purposes.
Change of Address or Contact Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Classic Images Stock Footage Site, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies in information about you by making the change on the Registration page of our Site or emailing us at sales@classicimagesstockfootage.com or telephone us at 310-277-0400 or in writing by regular mail to: Classic Images Stock Footage LLC 469 ½ South Bedford Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90212.
We will try to respond to your request within thirty (30) days. We may not be able to delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account, and we may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. If you have been given or you have chosen a password for access to our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to or through our Site. Any transmission of personal information is conducted at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Classic Images Stock Footage Site.
Cookies and Pixel Tags
When you use the Classic Images Stock Footage Site, Classic Images Stock Footage sends your computer a cookie, a small file that sits on your computer's hard drive and contains non-personal information about the user. Cookies only identify the user's computer. Cookies allow Classic Images Stock Footage to make its Site more useful by storing information about your preferences. You can set your browser's options not to accept cookies, but this may prevent you from accessing the entire Classic Images Stock Footage Site or parts thereof.
We may use "pixel tags” on the Classic Images Stock Footage Site, in our newsletter, and in our emails. Pixel tags help us analyze customers’ online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our Site and our advertising. We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Pixel tags on our Site may be used to gather information about you and your activity on the Site. This information may include your computer's Internet protocol address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer.
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with our Site. We also work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies to serve advertisements on our behalf on the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to our Site and your interaction with our advertising and other interactions.
If you would like more information about this or want to opt out of having your information used by these companies, please visit : www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. This information may be used to improve our Site and / or for other business purposes.
Email
Classic Images Stock Footage does not rent, share or sell email lists to third parties for their promotional purposes. Classic Images Stock Footage may send you emails to notify you about your recent order, to respond to your inquiries or requests, or to otherwise provide or request information concerning your account. Such emails will be sent to the email address you provide to Classic Images Stock Footage.
Classic Images Stock Footage offers its registered users the choice to not receive emails or updates about special benefits, promotions, or offers from Classic Images Stock Footage. If you no longer wish to receive these updates, or you wish to unsubscribe please complete the Contact Us form in the web site and let us know that you would like to be removed from the mailing list. You can also opt out by contacting us at: email: sales@classicimagesstockfootage.com, by telephone at: 310-277-0400 or in writing by mail to: Classic Images Stock Footage LLC 469 ½ South Bedford Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90212.
Links
Please be aware that the Classic Images Stock Footage Site may contain links to other sites that are covered by their own privacy policies.
Classic Images Stock Footage is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site. We recommend that our users read the privacy policies of each and every service that collects personal information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Classic Images Stock Footage reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to make any changes to our privacy policy, we will post a prominent notice on the Classic Images Stock Footage Privacy Policy and other places we deem appropriate, at least thirty (30) days prior to implementation.
If you continue to use the Classic Images Stock Footage Site after such changes it will constitute your acceptance and consent to the updated terms of our Privacy Policy.
Questions
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or concerns about personal information you have supplied to Classic Images Stock Footage, please contact: email: sales@classicimagesstockfootage.com or telephone 310-277-0400. You may also write to: Classic Images Stock Footage LLC 469 ½ South Bedford Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90212
Got it
Sign In
Remember Me
Forgot password?
Sign up here