https://www.titanabrasive.com/privacy-policy/
Titan Abrasive Systems respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to Titan Abrasive Systems by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “request for information” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Titan Abrasive Systems solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Titan Abrasive Systems website and not the sites that users access via links from our site. Titan Abrasive Systems is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Titan Abrasive Systems website collects cookies from site visitors through the use of Google Analytics for the purpose of remarketing.
The data collected is anonymous; we view the data through Google Analytics and Google Ads. We do not identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product.
You can opt of Google data collection by using the Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from Titan Abrasive Systems, please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with “Remove personal information” in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Titan Abrasive Systems may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Titan Abrasive Systems reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page. This policy statement is made in the name of Titan Abrasive Systems and is effective as of February 13, 2014. This statement does not create an agreement between Titan Abrasive Systems and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
For inquiries contact:
Titan Abrasive Systems
PO Box 750
Montgomeryville, PA 18936
Phone: 215-310-5055
Fax: 215-310-5035
email: sales@titanabrasive.com
Talk to us!
(We answer our phone)
215-310-5055
Send an email
sales@titanabrasive.com
Submit RFQ
Get started now
Need a replacement part? We've got you covered
Order Now