https://www.velocys.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Velocys Privacy Policy
1 Introduction
1.1
Velocys plc and Velocys Technologies Limited, (Velocys), take your privacy very seriously. We ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information about what to expect when Velocys collect personal information about you and how we will use your personal data.
1.2
Velocys plc (5712187) is a company whose registered office is the Magdalen Centre, Robert Robinson Avenue, The Oxford Science Park, Oxford, OX4 4GA. Velocys Technologies Ltd (05258554) is registered at the same address.
1.3
This policy applies to information we collect about:
1.3.1 visitors to our website or any subsites;
1.3.2 people who do business with us;
1.3.3 recipients of our newsletters and news releases;
1.3.4 business and marketing contacts;
1.3.5 our shareholders.
2 The information we collect about you
2.1
When you do business with us, meet our representatives at an event, complete a contact request on our website or register for our newsletter we may collect the following personal information from you:
2.1.1 name;
2.1.2 postal address, email address and telephone number;
2.1.3 financial information sufficient to process your payments;
2.1.4 your IP address;
2.2
If you are a business contact then we may receive information about you from other sources (such as partner organisations, conference organisers or our PR agencies, our social media sites and our affiliates) which we will add to the information which we already hold about you in order to ensure that our contact with you is relevant.
3 How we will use the information about you
3.1
We gather this information to allow us to provide the services requested and any other services you may have asked us to provide in the future, to communicate with you, to instruct our professional advisers in order to comply with statutory obligations such as auditing, to engage with investors and successors in the event of a merger or buyout of our business, to carry out research or to provide you with updates that we believe you have a business interest in receiving. The relevant information is then used by us to communicate with you on any matter relating to the fulfilment of your order or completion of your instructions in general.
3.2
We may also use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us to develop our website and our services. We may also provide such aggregate information to third parties. These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify you.
3.3
The lawful basis and purpose for our processing of your personal information depends upon our relationship with you. That basis also determines the period of time for which we will keep your information.
Relationship
Purpose
Lawful basis
Retention period
Data controller *
Customer / Client
To provide goods or services
Performance of a contract
Duration of contract
VTL
Customer / Client
To respond to any queries or complaints
Legitimate interest
For duration of legitimate interest period
VTL
Customer / Client
To comply with statutory obligations
Regulatory requirement
6 years from end of contract
VTL
Marketing contact
To respond to your request for contact or to provide information on matters of interest to you
Consent / legitimate interest
For duration of consent or for the duration of legitimate interest
VTL
Shareholder
To keep records of shareholding
Regulatory requirement
Indefinitely
PLC/VTL
4 Marketing
4.1
We may also wish to provide you with information about our products or any other information we think may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information, please email us at dpo@velocys.com or info@velocys.com
5 How we protect your information
5.1
We have put in place the appropriate security procedures and technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal information. Further detail of these measures is available upon request by emailing dpo@velocys.com.
5.2
Where we transfer your data to third parties who assist with the provision of our products and services we do so under contract terms that require the same standards of data safeguarding that are required to meet the requirements of the current data protection legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018, as amended.
5.3
We will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information. However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet.
6 Transfer of Data outside the EU
6.1
We do transfer data out of the EU, to our subsidiary companies and other partners and suppliers who enable us to provide our products and services. Those transfers take place under contract provisions imposing the same safeguards as those required for compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation, the Data Protection Act 2018 and other national implementing legislation.
6.2
If you have any questions regarding the transfer of your data outside the EU please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@velocys.com.
7 Access to your information and updating and correcting your information
7.1
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Officer:
Velocys, Magdalen Centre, Robert Robinson Avenue, The Oxford Science Park, Oxford, OX4 4GA Telephone +44(0) 1865 800821 email dpo@velocys.com
7.2
We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If any of the information that you have provided to Velocys changes, for example if you change your email address or name, or if it is inaccurate please let us know the correct details by contacting our Data Protection Officer:-
Velocys Magdalen Centre, Robert Robinson Avenue, The Oxford Science Park, Oxford, OX4 4GA Telephone +44(0) 1865 800821 email dpo@velocys.com
8 Your consent
By submitting your personal information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Policy.
9 Children Under the Age of 18
Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any information to us or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not: use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features; register on the Website; or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we may delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at info@velocys.com.
10 Changes to Privacy policy
We keep our Privacy policy under regular review. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page, and place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 17 October 2019
11 How to contact Velocys
We welcome your views about our website and our Privacy Policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please send an email to info@velocys.com or write to Velocys at Magdalen Centre, Robert Robinson Avenue, The Oxford Science Park, Oxford, OX4 4GA
12 Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites, including our Twitter page, the websites of partner organisations, to www.investegate.co.uk, and to the websites of publications that have written press coverage about Velocys. This Privacy Policy applies only to this website so when you access links to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.