http://www.bigeq.com/page/privacy-policy/
Favorites
My Account
List a Horse
My Horses
Favorites
Saved Searches
Messages ()
List Business Ad
Manage Business Ad
My Account
Sign In
Horses For Sale
Hunters
2'6" to 2'9"
3'0" to 3'3"
3'6" to 3'9"
4'0" & Up
Prospects 3'3" & Under
Prospects 3'6" & Up
Prospects - All
Foals & Yearlings
In Utero
All Hunters
Jumpers
1.0m & Less
1.05m to 1.15m
1.20m to 1.30m
1.35m & Up
Prospects 1.15m & Under
Prospects 1.20m & Up
Prospects - All
Foals & Yearlings
In Utero
All Jumpers
Equitation
3'6" & Up
3'0" to 3'3"
2'9" & Under
Prospects 3'6" & Up
Prospects 3'3" & Under
Prospects - All
Foals & Yearlings
In Utero
All Equitation Horses
View all Horses for Sale
Ponies For Sale
Pony Hunters
Small Pony Hunters 2'3"
Medium Pony Hunters 2'6"
Large Pony Hunters 2'9" to 3'
Sm/Med Children's Ponies 2'0"
Large Children's Ponies 2'6"
All Pony Hunters
Prospects
Small Prospects
Medium Prospects
Large Prospects
Foals & Yearlings
In Utero
All Prospects
Pony Jumpers
Pony Jumpers
Pony Jumper Prospects
All Pony Jumpers
View all Ponies for Sale
Stallions
Hunter Stallions
Jumper Stallions
Pony Stallions
View all Stallions at Stud
Advanced Search
List A Horse
Privacy Policy
At Bigeq.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use visit Bigeq.com. We never sell your personal information to third parties. By accessing Bigeq.com, you acknowledge and fully understand Bigeq.com’s privacy policy and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described herein.Links from this web site, including external websites, may have their own privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those individuals, companies or their web sites. Please review the privacy policies of third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.Bigeq.com receives information about its users in two ways: from our server log files and information provided to us by user registration.As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include  your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Comcast Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. Bigeq.com reserves the right to share cumulative site statistics to potential advertisers.Bigeq.com receives personally identifiable information when you register for an account. When you register with Bigeq.com, we ask for your contact information (such as your name, street address and email address). Bigeq.com uses the information collected to fulfill your requests for our service. By registering for our service, you agree to receive periodic emails that will be sent to the email address you registered with, such as, but not limited to, registration confirmation, ad placement confirmation, contact email, ad placement confirmation, and reminders.Bigeq.com will keep private and otherwise not distribute or sell personally identifiable information collected on Bigeq.com to third party persons, companies or advertisers. We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission, except to the extent necessary, to fulfill your requests for services; to protect ourselves from liability; to respond to legal process or comply with law; or in connection with a merger, acquisition or liquidation of the Bigeq.com.Bigeq.com does not store any financial information directly from consumers through the Bigeq.com website. Bigeq.com uses Authorize.net to process our payments. Please view their privacy policy. The personally identifiable information Authorize.net acquires in processing payment transactions includes the amount of the transaction, the consumer’s name, credit card number and expiration date, billing address, and shipping address.Bigeq.com does not offer services or sell products to children. Bigeq.com does not request or knowingly collect personally identifiable contact information from anyone under the age of 13.We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. You may contact us to review this information by sending an email to us.Bigeq.com reserves the right to update this privacy policy. Your continued use of our service constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates.
Home
Advertise Your Horses
Advertise Your Farm
Ad Rates and Pricing
My Account
Register
Help/FAQs
About Us
Contact Us
Testimonials
Sold
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Testimonials
Great response to my ad.
My horse sold within 24 hours!
-Kristen McGinness
Sold