http://www.tain.com.au/privacy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Updated 26 April 2016
This following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for products and apps that are sold or published by Tain Electronics Pty Ltd, ABN 70 006 496 706 (which may be referred to in this document as 'Tain').
Tain Electronics Pty Ltd is committed to providing you with the best possible customer service experience.
Tain Electronics Pty Ltd is bound by Australia’s Privacy Act 1988 (Crh), which sets out a number of principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
Collection of your personal information
In order to use Tain's products you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This may include but is not limited to a unique username and password, or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password.
Monitoring and recording of your location
Some Tain products have the ability to monitor your location using the phone's GPS location service. This is used to identify when the mobile device is in proximity to a data logger, so that automated data retrieval may occur.
Tain products DO NOT record or report your location at any time other than when you retrieve data from a logger, and location information is not shared with any other company or agency other than where required by law.
If you do not wish for the app to record or report your location, you may disable the location service from via the Settings panel in your mobile device.
Sharing of your personal information
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including but not limited to handling customer support enquiries, processing transactions or customer freight shipping. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to deliver the service.
Tain Electronics Pty Ltd takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Use of your personal information
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Tain Electronics Pty Ltd reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use Tain Electronics products or apps.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.
Tain Electronics Pty Ltd reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Contacting us
Tain Electronics Pty Ltd welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by any of the following means during business hours Monday to Friday.
Call: +61 3 9898 7366
Post:
Attn: Tain Electronics Privacy Policy,
Tain Electronics Pty Ltd
10 Rowern Court
Box Hill North VIC 3129
Australia
Email: info@tain.com.au
Updates
None at this time.