https://www.fnbmd.com/about/privacy-policy
Online Banking Login
Toggle for Navbar
Skip to main content
Locations
Personal
Checking
Personal Loans
Online Banking
Safe Deposit
Savings & Investment Accts
Order Checks
Fee Schedule
Credit Card
Online
Business
Checking
Business Loans
Online Banking
Business Savings
Credit Card
Trust
Client Point
Asset Allocation
Estate Planning
Financial Planning
Newsletter
Trust Staff
News/Blog
Blog
RE for Sale
Videos
Fraud / Security
Newsletter
Current Offers
MDCT
About
Contact
Staff
Careers
Bank Condition
Privacy Policy
CIB
Bill Pay
Zelle
Accessibility
Reg E
Mobile
QuickPerks
Privacy Policy
Main
FACTS WHAT DOES First National Bank of Mount Dora DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income account balances and payment history
transaction or loss history and credit history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How? All Financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons First National Bank of Mount Dora chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information Does First National Bank of Mount Dora Share? Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – Such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus Yes No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you Yes No
For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences No We do not share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness No We do not share
For nonaffiliates to market to you No We do not share
Questions? Call (352) 383-2111
What we do
How does First National Bank of Mount Dora protect my personal information? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We also maintain other physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to it.
How does First National Bank of Mount Dora collect my personal information? We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or deposit money apply for a loan or give us your income information show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing? Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness affiliates from using your information to market to you sharing for non-affiliates to market you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
First National Bank of Mount Dora has no affiliates.
Non-affiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
First National Bank of Mount Dora does not share information with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include Credit Card companies.
Website This site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. You may opt-out from the data that https://dashboard-datatracker.com is collecting on your visit through a universal consumer options page located at https://dashboard-datatracker.com/Unsub/unsub.html
GET OUR APP
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Online Banking
Reorder Checks
Locations
News & Alerts
QuickPerks
Site Map
Contact Us
Call Us
During business hours: 352-383-2111
24 hour customer service: 800-261-8072
Lost or stolen debit card
During business hours: 352-383-2111
24 hour customer service: 800-236-2442
Credit card issues
24 hour customer service: 800-883-0131
© Copyright 2020 by The First National Bank of Mount Dora
Back to top
Loading...
×
Disclaimer
Your privacy is very important to us. We would like to advise you that Internet email is not secure. Please do not submit any information that you consider confidential. We recommend you do not include your social security or account number or other specific identifying information.
Continue
Cancel
×
Third Party Website Disclosure
You are leaving First National Bank of Mount Dora's website and linking to a third party site.
Please be advised that you will then link to a website hosted by another party, where you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of First National Bank of Mount Dora. We recommend that you review and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site that you are entering. First National Bank of Mount Dora assumes no liability for the content, information, security, policies or transactions provided by these other sites.
Continue
Cancel
×
Third Party Website Disclosure
You are leaving First National Bank of Mount Dora's website and linking to a third party site.
Please be advised that you will then link to a website hosted by another party, where you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of First National Bank of Mount Dora. We recommend that you review and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site that you are entering. First National Bank of Mount Dora assumes no liability for the content, information, security, policies or transactions provided by these other sites.
Continue
Cancel
×
Attention
Close