http://www.binameplate.com/privacy.cfm
IMPORTANT: We will be closed for production 4/14/2014 - 4/19/2014. Any orders placed during this time will be delayed approximately 1 week. Thank you.
Made Fast. Shipped Fast.Get Microsoft Internet Explorer 7 browser
HomeOur storefront
ProductsOrder online
DownloadsOrdering tools
Contact UsContact us directly
Your AccountView your account
Cart
0 items
$0.00
Home >
Privacy and Other Policies
Privacy and Other Policies
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact the webmaster by e-mailing admin@binameplate.com.
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection
B & I Nameplate is the sole owner of the information collected on http://www.binameplate.com. B & I Nameplate collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to order products from this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest. We request a user name and password from each user in order to order products from this site. A social security number or tax-id number is asked for as a tax-id exemption number if applicable.
Order
We request information from the user in our check-out area. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Information Use
The information entered on this website by it's visitors is used for the sole purpose of fulfilling orders and contacting our customers.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use persistent session ID cookies. A persistent session cookie is a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time which identifies a user's session on our website.
By setting a cookie, our website tracks each user's web session as they move through the ordering process. It remembers each user's order as they move from step to step. Once a user logs out, the cookie's session is terminated, but the cookie remains. The session will be re-activated once the user logs into the site with their user name and password.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.[IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web-based service. We use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.
Communications from the Site
Updates
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature. [Users may opt-out of these communications. Please see our Choice and Opt-out section.]
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Right to Refuse Business
We reserve the right to refuse business for any reason.
Delinquent Invoice Charges and Credit Card Chargebacks
Invoices unpaid after 30 days from date of invoice subject to finance/service charges of 15% per month. Minimum charge $10.00.
Credit card chargebacks are subject to fees and/or penalties.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
There are only TWO instances in which we will share users’ personal information:
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Business Transitions
In the event B & I Nameplate goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, B & I Nameplate, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys will be completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users’ personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. B & I Nameplate will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. B & I Nameplate stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact B & I Nameplate at admin@binameplate.com to request the removal of this information from our database.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to admin@binameplate.com.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this Web site to properly fulfill its obligation to users it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
Credit Check
For example, to determine if users qualify for one of our credit cards, we use their name and social security number to request a credit report. Once we determine a user’s credit-worthiness, this document is destroyed.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can be done by emailing our Customer Support at admin@binameplate.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Phone
877-721-7027
Email
admin@binameplate.com
Postal Address
PO Box 566
Spring Arbor, MI 49283
Web site
http://www.binameplate.com
Contact Us
Need something special? Need help ordering? Call, fax or email us and we will help you right away!
877-721-7027Phone & Fax
sales@binameplate.com
Customer Support
B & I Nameplate, Inc.
sales@binameplate.com
PO Box 566
Spring Arbor, MI, 49283 US
877-721-7027
Important Links
HomeOur storefront
ProductsOrder online
DownloadsOrdering tools
Contact UsContact us directly
Your AccountView your account
Cart
0 items
$0.00
Blog
© 2003-14 B & I Nameplate, Inc.  PO Box 566  Spring Arbor, MI 49283
Privacy