https://www.pharm-int.com/terms/
MenuHome$100,000 Grant About AboutLeadershipSubject Matter ExpertsAwardsCareer ResourcesResourcesArticlesCase StudiesVideos and PodcastsBrochuresPress ReleasesTradeshowsContactCOVID-19Concept to Clinic to CommercializationDosage Forms FormulationFormulationHighly Potent Api Aseptic FillingAseptic FillingAST Parenteral Drug DevelopmentParenteral Drug and Injectable ProcessingLyophilizationClinical Trial ManagementFD&C 503BCommercial ManufacturingCommercial ManufacturingSerializationEquipment ListAnalytical & Quality AssuranceAnalytical & Quality AssuranceQuality AssuranceRegulatory Support
Sign Up Now for Our Newsletter: "The Pii Formula" and gain valuable insights   Subscribe TERMS OF USEPlease read and review these terms of use (the “Terms of Use”) carefully before accessing or using this website. By accessing or using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not access or use this site. Use of WebsiteThe information provided on this site is for general informational and educational purposes. Certain sections of this website are intended for particular audiences including Pharmaceutics International, Inc’s (Pii) employees, customers and shareholders, as well as members of the pharmaceuticals industry and the general public. Your access to and use of the information contained in the website is subject to these Terms of Use.ContentPii has used reasonable efforts to ensure that this website contains accurate and up-to-date information but makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to its accuracy, currency or completeness. You agree that access to and use of this website and the content thereof is at your own risk. THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT A WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Neither Pii nor any party involved in creating, producing or delivering this website shall be liable for any damages, including without limitation, direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, arising out of access to, use of or inability to use this website, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof.Third Party Display, Websites, and LinksThis website may contain links or references to, or may display content from, other websites maintained by third parties over whom Pii has no control. Such display and such links are provided merely as a convenience. Similarly, this website may be accessed from third party links over whom Pii has no control. Pii makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of any information contained in such display or on such websites and shall have no liability for any damages or injuries of any kind arising from such content or information. Inclusion of any third-party content or link does not imply an endorsement or recommendation by Pii.Third Party InformationAlthough Pii may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the website, if any, Pii is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such website or utilities nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such pages or utilities on the website. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Pii reserves the right, if you violate these Terms of Use, to suspend or terminate any account you have created on this website.Medical InformationNothing on this website should be construed as the giving of advice or the making of a recommendation regarding any decision or action related to your health or the health of others. If you are a patient, you should consult a doctor or other qualified health care professional regarding any questions you have about your health or before making any treatment decisions. If you are a doctor or other qualified health care professional, you should not allow the content of this website to substitute for your own medical judgment, which you should exercise in evaluating the information on this website.Forward-Looking StatementsThis website may include “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Pii undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in Pii’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at www.sec.gov.Non-Confidential InformationSubject to any applicable terms and conditions set forth in our Privacy Policy, any communication or other material that you send to us through the Internet or post on a Pii website by electronic mail or otherwise, such as any questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is and will be deemed to be non-confidential and Pii shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. Pii shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such communication for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.TrademarksYou should assume that all trademarks, logos, designs, slogans, and trade dress appearing on this website, whether or not appearing in large print, italics, or with the trademark symbol, are owned by Pii or its affiliate companies, or are used under license. This website may also contain or reference patents, proprietary information, technologies, products, processes, or other proprietary rights of Pii and/or other parties. No license to, or right in, any such trademarks, patents, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes, and other proprietary rights of Pii and/or other parties is granted to, or conferred upon, you.CopyrightsThe entire contents of this website are subject to copyright protection. The contents of Pii websites may not be copied other than for noncommercial individual reference with all copyright or other proprietary notices retained, and thereafter may not be recopied, reproduced or otherwise redistributed. Except as expressly provided above, you may not otherwise copy, display, download, distribute, modify, reproduce, republish or retransmit any information, text or documents contained in this website or any portion thereof in any electronic medium or in hard copy, or create any derivative work based on such images, text or documents, without the express written consent of Pii. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent or trademark of Pii, or any third party.Void Where ProhibitedThis website and its contents are intended to comply with the laws and regulations in the U.S. Although the information on this website is accessible to users outside of the U.S., the information pertaining to Pii products is intended for use only by residents of the U.S. Other countries may have laws, regulatory requirements and medical practices that differ from those in the U.S. This site links to other sites produced by Pii’s various operating divisions and subsidiaries, some of which are outside the U.S. Those sites may have information that is appropriate only to that particular originating country. Pii reserves the right to limit provision of its products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction and/or to limit the quantities or any products or services we provide. Any offer for any product or service made on this website is void where prohibited.ArbitrationIf any dispute arises between you and Pii concerning these Terms of Use or your use of this website, it shall be resolved through good-faith negotiations. If such efforts prove unsuccessful, all controversies, claims, or disputes shall be submitted to binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. The rules of the American Arbitration Association shall apply to the conduct of the hearing, which shall be venued in Hunt Valley, Maryland. The governing law shall be in accordance with the laws of Delaware. The arbitration award shall be final and binding and may be confirmed and enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. The parties shall bear equally the costs of the arbitration, but each party shall pay its own attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with the arbitration or the confirmation or enforcement of any award.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Pii, its officers, directors, employees, agents, suppliers and third-party partners from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation by you of these Terms of Use.MiscellaneousIf any provision of this Agreement is held to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then such provision shall be severable without affecting the enforceability of all remaining provisions. Pii reserves the right to alter or delete materials from this website at any time at its discretion.What can we help you with?
×
×
We use cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. View Cookie settings Accept CookiePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.