http://www.medici.com.au/terms/
Terms & ConditionsMedici CapitalTerms & conditionsGeneral terms and conditions of use of Medici Capital.1. Welcome to Medici CapitalWelcome to Medici Capital. The following are the Terms and conditions for use of the Medici Capital website facility ("Terms and Conditions of Use"). In these Terms and Conditions of use a reference to Medici Capital is a reference to Medici Capital Pty Ltd (ABN 86 071 158 257).When using the Medici Capital website ("the Website") and Medici Capital's services you agree to the terms and conditions listed on this web page. Medici Capital may from time to time amend or change the website including these Terms and Conditions of use without prior notice. A Medici Capital "account" where used, refers to any product or service offered by Medici Capital to which you subscribe or which a user may access only after registration, whether or not the user agrees. Unless specified the word "account" will refer to both accounts obtained by users registered for participation on the website and users registering to access Medici Capital services.2. Privacy policyMedici Capital, through its privacy policy will not disclose any of your identifying information to other parties without your consent. For more information, please visit our privacy policy.3. Rules of ConductBy entering this website you agree to abide by the following rules of conduct when using it or any other product or service provided by Medici Capital.You will not transmit any data, text, files, software, chat, communication of material via the website that is, in Medici Capital's opinion, unlawful, harmful, threatening, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, discriminatory in any way or otherwise objectionable. You are responsible for the content of any material and indemnify Medici Capital from any liability arising from the content of such material. If such material is transmitted or published on the website, Medici Capital reserves the right to remove it without notice.You will not allow, except with the express prior written authority of Medici Capital, another person or entity to use your account.You will not, except with the express prior written authority of Medici Capital, post or otherwise make available any advertising or promotional material, nor will you solicit business while using the website or any other services provided by Medici Capital.4. Use of accountsUpon registering with Medici Capital you will receive a user name and password. If you allow another to use your account, you are fully responsible for: the online conduct of that person; and the consequences of any misuse. You further agree that the account holder is entirely responsible for activities conducted by your account and you will immediately notify Medici Capital of any breach of security or unauthorised use of your account.5. Termination of accountsMedici Capital may modify or discontinue its services or your account without notice, without liability to you, any other user or third party. Medici Capital reserves the right to immediately terminate your account or participation without notice if it learns that you have provided false or misleading registration information, interfered with other users or those of Medici Capital's services or violated these Terms and Conditions of Use.6. General DisclaimerMedici Capital is not liable to you or anyone else for any loss suffered in connection with its website or a linked website. This general disclaimer is not restricted or modified by any following specific warnings and disclaimers.7. ContentsThis website and its contents must not be distributed, posted, transmitted, modified, or in any way reproduced in whole or in part without Medici Capital's express prior written consent. Any material obtained from or through the website remains the property of Medici Capital.8. Product and service availabilityPractices and services contained in the website are published in good faith and are advertised subject to availability. However, Medici Capital does not guarantee the availability of advertised practices and services if they are unavailable for any reason. Price information is subject to change without notice.Publishing information about a practice or service provided by a third party does not constitute endorsement by Medici Capital. With respect to the website to the extent permitted by law, Medici Capital disclaims all warranties, express or implied regarding products and services supplied by a third party and in no event will Medici Capital or its employees, suppliers or agents be liable for any damages of any kind, including compensatory, incidental, direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages, loss of data, loss of income or profit loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties or losses of any kind or character.9. PricesAll prices on this website are in Australian dollars. You are required to pay all applicable Taxes and Medici Capital reserves the right to include any Taxes.10. Links and other business relationshipsIf you are using any other website ("the linked website") which can be accessed via the Medici Capital website, you agree to comply with any and all terms and conditions which may exist for the use of the linked website. Other than as required by law, Medici Capital makes no representations or warranties with regard to any other website which may be accessed through this website. Medici Capital makes no representations or warranties and accepts no responsibility for completeness, content or use of the information accessible from any website with which it is linked. Further, Medici Capital is not responsible for any information or opinions published on any website linked from this website. In no event will Medici Capital be liable to any other party for indirect, special or other consequential damages from any other linked website without limitation, any loss of profits, business interruption, loss of programs or other information handling system or otherwise.11. CopyrightThe website and any other material made available via the Website is Medici Capital's intellect and subject to copyright. Other than for the purposes of and subject to the conditions: adapt, reproduce, broadcast, download, copy, store, distribute, transmit, print, design, publish or create derivative works from any part of this Website; or commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this without Medici Capital's prior written permission.12. Trade marksIf you use any of Medici Capital's trade marks to refer to Medici Capital's activities you must include a statement attributing that trade mark to us. You must not use any Medici Capital trade marks:in or as the whole or part of your own or other trade marks;in connection with the activities, products or services which are not Medici Capital's;in a manner which may be confusing, misleading or deceptive; andin a manner that disparages us or our information, products or services (Website).13. WarrantiesTo the extent permitted by law, all representatives, warranties and other terms are excluded. You must ensure that your access to this website is not illegal or prohibited by laws which are applicable in your location.14. InterferenceMedici Capital is not liable to you or anyone else if interference with or damage to your system occurs in connection with use of this Website or a linked website. Although Medici Capital regularly maintains the website and takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that it is free of viruses, you must take your own precautions that whatever you use from this Website or linked website is free of viruses or anything else (such as "worms" or "trojans") that may interfere with or damage the operations of your computer systems.15. IndemnificationYou are entirely responsible and liable for all activities conducted by you on the website and you fully indemnify and hold Medici Capital harmless from any claim, cost, demand or drama (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) incurred or which may by incurred arising from all of these Terms and Conditions of Use.16. WaiverMedici Capital's failure to exercise or enforce any one or more of its rights under these Conditions of Use will not constitute a waiver of such rights unless such waiver is granted by Medici Capital in writing.17. Governing LawThese Terms and Conditions of Use will be governed and interpreted in accordance with the State of Victoria, Australia. Other jurisdictions. If you are connected to the website and using Medici Capital services outside Australia you are responsible for ensuring your conduct does not violate any applicable laws in your country or the country from which you are accessing the website.18. LanguageYou agree that the Terms and Conditions of Use have been prepared in English and to the extent any translation of these Terms and Conditions of Use is necessary, such interpretation must be with the English meaning of these Terms and Conditions of Use.19. SeverabilityIf any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use are or become illegal, invalid or unenforceable in relevant jurisdiction, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of the terms and Conditions of Use will not be affected and these Terms and Conditions of Use will be read as if the part had been deleted in that jurisdiction only. Related Articles:You may also be interested in the following related Knowledge Base Articles from Ask An Expert:Validating Valuations Pharmacy Returns - are pharmacy returns reasonable Why Do I Need A Business Valuation Need a Valuation?We provide nation-wide health practice valuations for over 10 banks and financial institutions.Request a valuation, or simply call us on 03 9853 7933 to see which product is best for you.Request a valuation