https://www.bannistersfarm.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Our potatoesCateringAbout the farmBlogFAQsContact
Website terms of use
INTRODUCTION
Please read these terms and conditions (the “Terms”) carefully. Together with our Privacy Notice, they govern our relationship with you in relation to this website. If you have any questions about them or do not wish to accept them, please contact us at thefarmer@bannistersfarm.co.uk or on +44 (0)1262 605650 before using this Site.
Access to and your use of this website, www.bannistersfarm.co.uk, (the “Site”), is provided by Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (“Farmhouse”, “us”, “we” or “our”). Our registered office is Lancaster Road, Carnaby Industrial Estate, Carnaby, Bridlington, East Yorkshire, YO15 3QY and our registered number is 01894079. Our VAT number is 433 5306 74.
You can contact us by email at thefarmer@bannistersfarm.co.uk or by telephone on +44 (0)1262 605650.The websites to which these terms and conditions apply and for which we are responsible are https://www.bannistersfarm.co.uk and www.farmhousepotatobakers.co.uk.
ACCEPTANCE OF OUR TERMS
In order for us to provide this website to you, you must agree to be bound by these Terms. These Terms govern the provision and use of the Site and will form a legally binding contract between us and you so please do take the time to read these Terms and make sure you understand them.
By using the Site, you agree to accept and be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to accept these Terms you must not use the Site.
We recommend you review these Terms each time you use the Site and print a copy of them for your future reference.
AMENDMENT OF THESE TERMS
We reserve the right to change, modify, add to, or delete portions of these Terms at any time including to reflect changes affecting the Site, our technology, our licensing arrangements, relevant laws and/or regulatory requirements.
If we do change the Terms, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate the effective date at the top. We may also communicate changes to you by email. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms so that you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to (or cannot comply with) the Terms as amended, please do not use the Site.
USING OUR WEBSITE
Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Site without notice. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary to access our Site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons accessing our Site through your internet connection are aware of these Terms.
AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE
You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee that the Site will:
stay the same (as we might change the Site or remove it altogether);
be compatible with all or any hardware or software which you may use;
be available all the time or at any specific time;
be accurate and up-to-date; or
be error-free or free of viruses, electronic bugs, Trojan horses or other harmful components and you must take your own precautions accordingly.
You also acknowledge that:
we cannot guarantee the performance or security of our Site; and
we will not be responsible for any damage or loss you may suffer directly or indirectly as a result of any virus attack that can be traced to our Site to the fullest extent permissible by law.
YOUR PRIVACY AND COOKIES
The privacy of your personal data is important to us. Please see our Privacy Notice for details of how we will process your personal data and how we use cookies and similar technologies.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY IN OUR WEBSITE AND THE CONTENT
Your access to any information, data, images, photographs, videos and other content displayed on the Site (“Content”) is permitted in accordance with, and subject to your compliance with, these Terms.
The design of the Site and all software contained within the Site and the Content are protected by copyright, trade marks, patents and other intellectual property rights and laws. Neither the design of the Site nor the Content may be copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without our prior written consent.
LINKING TO OUR WEBSITE
We will permit you to link to the home page of the Site provided you comply with the following:
you only do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not take advantage of or damage our reputation;
you do not suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement by us unless we have otherwise permitted; and
you do not link to any other page of the Site other than the home page.
We reserve our right to withdraw our permission to link to our Site at any time without notice.
OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
We will not be liable under these Terms for any loss or damage caused by us or any of our employees or agents in circumstances where:
there has been no breach of a legal duty of care which is owed by us or any of our employees or agents; and/or
the loss or damage is not a reasonably foreseeable result of any breach of these Terms.
You agree you will have no claim against us, in respect of any decision to remove access to the Site.
In the absence of any negligence or other breach of duty by us, the use by you of the Site is entirely at your risk.
We are only liable to you for losses which you suffer as a result of a breach of these Terms by us. We are not responsible to you for any losses which you may incur which were not a foreseeable consequence of us breaching these Terms (for example if you and we could not have contemplated those losses before or when you access this Site). Our liability to you shall not in any circumstances include any business losses that you may incur, including but not limited to lost data, lost profits, loss of reputation or business interruption.
Nothing in these Terms shall affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
YOUR LIABILITY TO US
You will be responsible for all claims, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by us as a result of your breach of these Terms or default in the discharge of your obligations.
Nothing in these Terms shall have the effect of excluding or limiting our liability for fraud or for death or personal injury caused by negligence.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the content or availability of any such websites. We recommend you review those websites’ terms and conditions and privacy policies to ensure you are happy to use them.
TRANSFER OF RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS
You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of any rights or obligations arising under or in connection with your use of the Site, without our prior written consent.
You agree that we may transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of any rights or obligations arising under or in connection with the Site
You also agree that we may use third parties and sub-contract our obligations provided that we remain responsible to you for the performance of these Terms.
SEVERENCE
If any of these Terms should be found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such term shall be removed and the remaining terms shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding on and enforceable by both of us.
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
A person who is not a party to these Terms has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of these Terms but this section does not affect a right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act.
GOVERNING LAW
These Terms and the use of the Site generally and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law. Any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with such contracts or their formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Sign up for our newsletter
Email*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
By completing this form, you confirm you're 18 or older and don't mind us sending you email newsletters and offers, in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Don't worry – we'll never give anyone else your details without your express permission.
Jobs
Press
Good Causes
FAQs
T&Cs
Privacy Policy
Cookie policy
Contact
01262 605 650
thefarmer@bannistersfarm.co.uk
Bannisters Farm, Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited, Lancaster Road, Carnaby Ind. Est., East Riding of Yorkshire YO15 3QY
Registered in England & Wales Company No. 1894079
© 2020 Farmhouse Potato Bakers Limited
Site by big fish©
We use cookies so you get the most out of our website. See here for more about the cookies we use and their purposes, and see here to update your settings at any time.