http://www.yaegercpareview.com/privacy-policy
×
Password Recovery
To recover your password please fill in your email address
Email
Submit
Back To Login
Don't Have An Account Yet ?
Signup!
×
Student Login
Login below to begin studying with AdaptaPASS
Don't Have An Account Yet ?
Get Started
Home /
Resources /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Lambers CPA Review WDCA, Inc. t/a Yaeger CPA Review (“Yaeger CPA Review”, “we”, or “us”, or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). Your privacy is very important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website https://www.yaegercpareview.com and https://adaptapass.yaegercpareview.com including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “Site”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Revised” date of this Privacy Policy. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Site after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. We collect certain personal information about you – but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization.
The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Personal Data
Personally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you register with the Site or when you choose to participate in various activities related to the Site, such as online chat and message boards. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind, however your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Site.
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.  Information pertaining to the use of our course including completion status, quiz and practice exam results, and strength and weakness information.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Site to:
Create and manage your account. Email you regarding your account or order. Respond to product and customer service requests.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
As a general rule, we do not disclose personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone. However, to the extent permitted by law, certain nonpublic information that we have collected about you may be disclosed in the following situations:
To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.In the course of a review of our company practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board, or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board of organization.In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger of all or part of our organization, provided that we take appropriate precautions (for example, through a written confidentiality agreement) so the prospective purchaser or merger partner does not disclose information obtained in an acquisition. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, pursue, or defend against the lawsuit and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.To provide information to affiliates of the course and non-affiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party which prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed.
Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the Site, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity, including sending invitations to other users, chatting with other users, liking posts, following blogs.
Online Postings
When you post comments, contributions or other content to the Site, your posts may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site in perpetuity.
Other Third Parties
We may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Site to help customize the Site and improve your experience. For more information on how we use cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy posted on the Site, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by our Cookie Policy.
Website Analytics
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Site through the use of first-party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Site, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors.
Some of the vendors we use include:
Google AnalyticsHubspotPrivy
You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors. However, if you do not want any information to be collected and used by tracking technologies, you can visit the third-party vendor of Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool or Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool.
You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Site.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected.  No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Account Information
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
·       Logging into user account settings and updating the user account.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Emails and Communications
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:
Noting your preferences at the time you register your account with the Site.  Logging into your account settings and updating your preferences.Unsubscribing using the link found on email communications.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
CONFIDENTIALITY & SECURITY OF NONPUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of our course, applicable law, our Code of Professional Conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction.
CONTACT US
Thank you for allowing us to serve you and your CPA review course needs. We value your business and are committed to protecting your privacy. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Lambers CPA Review WDCA, Inc. t/a Yaeger CPA Review
9710 Traville Gateway Drive
Suite 233
Rockville, MD 20850
Phone: (301) 874-4900
Email: sonny@yaegercpareview.com