http://www.henleydesigns.co.uk/privacy-policy
Quality Hi-Fi Distribution
Latest News
Blog
Events Diary
Product Catalogue
Where to Buy
Tech Support
Full Technical Support Menu
Amplifier Support
Cartridge Support
Digital Audio Support
Loudspeaker Support
Turntable Support
Helpful Videos
Returning An Item
Storage solutions
Services
Full Services Menu
Returning An Item
Turntable Servicing
Pro-Ject Turntable Spares
Ortofon Cartridge Exchange
Warranty Registration
Contact Us
About
About Henley Audio
Inside Henley Audio
Meet The Team
Press Releases
Trophy Room
Reviews
Friends of Henley
Register Warranty
Sign In
Items:( 0 )£0.00
Henley Audio Privacy Policy
Henley Designs Ltd., trading as Henley Audio, operates the following Privacy Policy for www.henleyaudio.co.uk and our associated email marketing campaigns.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in various privacy laws and information security standards, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
GDPR Policy
Henley Designs Ltd. (T/A Henley Audio), as a limited company situated in Didcot, Oxfordshire, UK (Company Reg: 02721523) operates a strict GDPR policy in order to protect the right to privacy of its customers and other interested parties. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and was designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all EU citizens’ data privacy and to reshape the way organizations across the region approach data privacy.
In order to comply with widely considered GDPR standards, Henley Designs Ltd. have introduced a policy prior to the GDPR enforcement date of May 25th, 2018, and will continue to operate it in perpetuity, adjusting it only to make the policy stronger or to comply with new standards and laws passed after May 25th, 2018.
Customer Data is used by Henley Designs Ltd. to help enhance the experience of existing and potential customers (both B2B and End-User) and in order to better the company’s services. This includes but is not limited to:
Holding current and historical correspondences on record to help with future enquiries.
Holding records on prior purchases to help with warranty and after-sales enquiries.
Conducting internal research to help improve our product and service offerings.
Tracking feedback to improve our existing products and services.
Using approved customer information to target offers, competitions and information that individual customers may find useful.
Monitoring website visits of signed-up users to further improve their experience.
All information used for these purposes is held only by Henley Designs Ltd. and is not shared with any third-party for any purpose without the individual customer’s prior written consent.
All Henley Designs Ltd. staff from May 1st, 2018 have signed and agree to a GDPR agreement that confirms their understanding of their obligations and appropriate policies to follow with regard to the GDPR.
The full Henley Designs Ltd. GDPR Policy is available to view on request.
What about your GDPR rights?
The GDPR gives all citizens certain rights, including The right to be informed, The right of access, The right to rectification, The right to erasure, The right to restrict processing, The right to data portability, The right to object, Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
Right to be Informed: We aim to inform you of your rights each time you interact with us, either by making a purchase, sending an email or receiving an email.
Right of Access: Please Contact Us to make a formal request to view the information we hold on you. Though most information is displayed in your account section of the website (where relevant).
Right to Rectification: Please Contact Us to make a formal request to change the information we hold on you. Some information can be amended through your account section of the website (where relevant).
Right to Erasure: Please Contact Us to make a formal request to delete the information we hold on you.
Right to Restrict Processing: Please Contact Us to make a formal request for us to temporarily suppress the processing of your data.
Right to Data Portability: Please Contact Us to make a formal request, so we can try to assist you in transferring your data to yourself or an approved third-party.
Right to Object: Every marketing communication a customer receives has a clearly marked 'Unsubscribe' link, which removes the user from all future marketing activities immediately. Please Contact Us if you'd like to request this right to object without interacting with a marketing email.
Rights in Relation to Automated Decision Making and Profiling: Henley Designs Ltd. do not operate tools in this way.
A variety of internal processes have been put in place to facilitate these rights, and over time www.henleyaudio.co.uk and www.henleypro.co.uk will introduce more tools to make this even easier for users.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We do not collect personal information from visitors of our site unless you are already a registered customer, or if you register during your visit. We do track analytics on the site, but these tools do not individually identify visitors without their prior consent
How do we use your information online?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is monitored regularly for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained within a protected area and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information, including using an approved payment gateway provider.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes, cookies are an integral part of the website experience. Our cookie policy can be found within our Terms & Conditions.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless you have given us explicit rights to do so. Our website hosting partners and website designers have no right over your data, and only help us to maintain and secure the framework your information is held in.
We may release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Adwords Policies. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. You can read the policies here. (External link correct at time of writing)
We use Google Adwords Advertising to drive traffic to our website, and may also employ re-marketing campaigns to help guide visitors back.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Policy Changes
All policy changes will be made on this page, so visitors should check back regularly to ensure they are satisfied with our services.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honour Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
CAN-SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages and gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction or registration sign-up has occurred.
To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business headquarters.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using a link in each marketing email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can also email us on sales@henleyaudio.co.uk
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information published on our website. Click here to see our Contact Form.
Last Edited on 24th May, 2018
Henley Design Ltd t/a Henley Audio.
Unit B
Park 34
Collett
Didcot
Oxfordshire
OX11 7WB
Tel: +44(0)1235 511 166
Email: info@henleyaudio.co.uk
Homepage
All Products
Latest News
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Newsletter Signup
Subscribe
Ecommerce design & platform by Fast Floor Multimedia Ltd.