http://www.chesterfield-group.com/privacy-policy
Sign inManage My AccountAccount OverviewMy ProfileMy PasswordProfileOur OfficesCorporate servicesServicesJurisdictionsCyprus companiesBritish Virgin Islands - BVI OffshoreContractingServicesJurisdictionsPropertyServicesJurisdictionsShippingServicesJurisdictionsBlogContractingCorporate ServicesCareersContactContact usCall me back
Sign In
Sign in to
Chesterfield Group
Remember me
Forgot Password
Sign In
or
Join
Manage My Account
Account OverviewMy ProfileMy Password
+44 (0) 203 771 3853  CONTACT US
Privacy Statement
Last updated: May 24, 2018
IMPORTANT: BY SUBMITTING DATA TO US AND/OR USING OUR WEBSITE YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE THAT ALL PERSONAL DATA THAT YOU SUBMIT MAY BE PROCESSED BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY STATEMENT. THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT INFORMS YOU ALSO ABOUT DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON AND POST THE UPDATED PRIVACY STATEMENT ON THE SITE.
Information from website browsers
If you are just browsing the website, we collect the same basic information that most websites collect. The information we collect about all visitors to our website includes the visitor’s browser type, language preference, referring site, additional websites requested, and the date and time of each visitor request. We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses.
We will collect and store the information you give us. You may use this Website to place enquiries, to receive additional information or services from us. We sometimes supplement the information you provide us with information that is received from third parties. For instance, if inaccurate postal or zip codes are received, we may use third party software to fix them.
Why do we collect this?
The purpose of collecting this information includes the following:
To better understand how our website visitors use our website and to monitor and protect the security of the website.
To allocate the enquiry to the relevant person/staff member in attending to
Opt Out Choice
If you do not wish to receive information from us and want to be removed from our mailing list, please e-mail us at info@groupchesterfield.com.
Third Party Links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plugs-ins and applications. Clicking on those links enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and we are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Cookies Policy
Visitors understand and agree that when they log on to our website, some information is stored on their computer known as cookies. This procedure allows us to effect some tailor-made changes on the website which will make visitors’ browser faster when re-entering our website.
Visitors who do not wish to have the Cookie Policy applied on their computer should make the necessary changes using their browser instruction.
Data access and corrections
Upon receipt of your written request and sufficient information to permit us to identify your Personal Data, we will correct, amend or delete any Personal Data that is inaccurate and notify any third party recipients of the necessary changes, as applicable.
If you wish to access or correct your personal data, please contact us at dp@groupchesterfield.com. Requests to delete Personal Data are subject to any applicable legal, accounting and reporting requirements or document retention obligations imposed. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us as it is important to have accurate and updated information on your personal data.
Data Retention
We will hold your personal information for the longest of the following periods - (a) as long as is necessary for the relevant activity or services (b) any retention period that is required
for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
Right to complaint
If you are not happy with the way we treat your personal data, please contact us by emailing us at dp@groupchesterfield.com. You have the right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commissioner for your personal data. We would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the relevant authorities so please do contact us at first instance.
Security of your information
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the information you
provide us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can guarantee against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorised parties. We cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
Personal Data processing and use
Personal data we collect or obtain may include identity, contact data (i.e. your name, address, country of residence, employment education details) and other similar information accompanied by supporting documentation. We might also gather personal information about you because you volunteer that data or from your submission to us or we are required to gather that data as a result of legal requirements imposed on us. Personal data can be
processed for several different purposes on compliance with legal obligations, lawful basis including basis of legitimate interest, encompassing:
To administer and protect our business (necessary for our legitimate interests, for running our provision of administration services)
For complying with legal and regulatory requirements
For obtaining information in relation to your use of our website
Contractual arrangements
To provide a better service
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect property and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf where (a) this is required for the purpose of providing you with the services requested from us through agents/banks etc. for complying with legal and/or contractual obligations (b) the law requires such disclosure i.e. to regulatory authorities or (c) you provided with authorisation
Sale or Bankruptcy - if we reorganise or sell all or a portion of our assets/business, undergo a merger or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity business or enter bankruptcy, your information would be an asset transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Statement.
To comply with a legal requirement, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of our databases or this website, to take precautions against legal liability.
Your legal rights in relation to your personal data:
Right of access
Right of rectification
Right to erasure
Right to object to processing of your personal data
Right to request restriction of processing your personal data
Right to data portability
Right to withdraw consent
Right to lodge a complaint
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at dp@groupchesterfield.com who will provide you with further information regarding how to exercise these rights.
Time limit to respond
We will always try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. If your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests this may take longer. In this case we will notify you and keep you updated. We can refuse to comply with a data subject access request if it is manifestly unfounded or excessive, taking into account whether the request is repetitive in nature.
Questions
For any questions, please contact us by e-mailing us at dp@groupchesterfield.com.