https://www.amberusa.com/privacy-policy/
Call Today
Skip to content
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Amber Diagnostics has always been committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal and corporate information. We have established Privacy Principles to govern our use of customer information.
Amber Diagnostics does not sell, share or distribute Customer Information to any third party organization.
Accountability: Amber Diagnostics is responsible for maintaining and protecting customer information under its control.
Identifying Purposes: The purposes for which customer information is collected shall be identified before or at the time the information is collected.
Consent: The knowledge and consent of the customer are required for the collection, use or disclosure of customer information except where required or permitted by law.
Limiting Collection: The customer information collected must be limited to those details necessary for the purposes identified by Amber Diagnostics Information must be collected by fair and lawful means.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention: Customer information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless the customer has otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Customer information may only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected.
Accuracy: Customer information must be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
Safeguarding Customer Information: Customer information must be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information.
Openness: Amber Diagnostics is required to make
information available to customers concerning the policies and
practices that apply to the management of their information.
Customer Access: Upon request, a customer shall be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of their information, and shall be given access to it. Customers may verify the accuracy and completeness of their information, and may request that it be amended,
if appropriate.
Handling Customer Complaints and Suggestions: Customers may direct any questions or inquiries with respect to the privacy principles outlined above or about our practices by contacting the designated person(s) accountable for privacy at Amber Diagnostics. If you would like to unsubscribe, please Send email to info@amberusa.com or snail mail to: 2180 Premier Row Orlando, FL or call us at 407-867-3965.
Our Equipment SpecialistsAre Ready To Help You
At Amber Diagnostics, our highly trained professionals have been refurbishing used imaging equipment since 1994. We can customize any system to your liking, according to your financial budget and technical requirements; and you can be sure that Amber is more than capable of handling every question you may have in your purchasing process. From buying, to planning, shipping, installation, and technical service, Amber has you covered.
GET A FREE QUOTE!
Menu:Home
Equipment
Sell equipment
Equipment Rental
Mobile MRI Rental
Mobile CT Rental
Mobile PET/CT Rental
C-Arm Rental
Equipment Service
About us
ROI Calculator
Buyers Guides
MRI Scanners Guide
CT Scanner Guide
Bone Densitometer Guide
C-Arm Guide
Mammography Guide
Portable X-ray Guide
Urology Suite Guide
FAQ
Blog
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of sales agreement
Modalities:MRI Scanners
1.5T
3.0T
Open
Extremity
Mobile
CT Scanners
Single Slice
Dual Slice
4 Slice
6 Slice
8 Slice
16 Slice
32 Slice
64 Slice
128 Slice
256 Slice
320 Slice
RT Oncology
Modalities:PET/CT
PET/CT
Mobile
C-Arms
Full-Size C-Arms
Mini-Size C-Arms
C-Arms Tables
X-Ray Systems
X-Ray Rooms
Portable X-Ray
Mobile X-Ray
R/F Rooms
Urology Systems
Mammography Systems
Bone Densitometers
Cath Labs
All Equipment
Search:
Search for:
Most Searches:1.5T MRI
3.0T MRI
4 Slice
16 Slice
64 Slice
128 Slice
Bone Densitometer
C-Arm
C-Arm Machine
C-Arms
C-Arm Tables
CT
CT Scanner
DEXA
Digital Mammography
Extremity MRI
Fluoroscopy
Fluoroscopy Suite
Full Size C-Arm
GE
General Electric
Hitachi
Hologic
Mammography
Mini C-Arm
Mobile PET/CT
Mobile X-ray
Mobile Xray
MRI
MRI Systems
OEC
Open MRI
PET/CT
Philips
Portable X-ray
Portable Xray
R/F Room
Radiography
Rad Room
Siemens
Toshiba
X-ray
X-ray Room
Xray
Xray Room
Contact Us:Toll Free:1-866-919-2959
Phone:1-407-438-7847
Fax:1-407-856-5456
Mail:info@amberusa.com
Address2180 Premier Row, Orlando, FL 32809, USA
Social MediaFacebook | Twitter | Instagram