http://www.alpkit.com/pages/privacy-policy
Sustainability
Alpkit Foundation
2020 Online Retailer of the Year
Free Delivery, Free Returns
SubmitGBP AUD CAD DKK EUR GBP JPY NZD SEK USD EUR SiteUSD Site
Contact Us
Gifts
Activity Gift Guide
Run
Hike
Climb
Camp
Swim
Bike
Clothing Gifts
Gifts For Men
Gifts For Women
Gifts By Price
Under £25
Under £75
Under £150
Gift Cards
Men's
Wrap Up for Winter - Insulated Jackets
Clothing
Waterproof Jackets and Windproofs
Down Jackets and Insulation
Fleeces, Shirts and Midlayers
Technical Base Layers
Merino Clothing
Organic Cotton Tees and Hoodies
Trousers and Shorts
Cycle Clothing
Wetsuits and Swimwear
Accessories
Socks
Gloves
Gaiters
Hats
Sunglasses
Wash, Reproof and Repair
Women's
Wrap Up for Winter - Insulated Jackets
Clothing
Waterproof Jackets and Windproofs
Down Jackets and Insulation
Fleeces, Shirts and Midlayers
Technical Base Layers
Merino Clothing
Organic Cotton Tees and Hoodies
Trousers and Shorts
Cycle Clothing
Wetsuits and Swimwear
Accessories
Socks
Gloves
Gaiters
Hats
Sunglasses
Wash, Reproof and Repair
Camping
Shelter
Tents
Tarps
Bivvy Bags
Winter Camping Kit List
Sleeping
Sleeping Bags
Sleeping Mats
Camp Kitchen
Camping Stoves
Camping Cookware
Food and Nutrition
Water Purification
Camping Equipment
Camping Accessories
Camping Games
Equipment
Bikepacking
Bikepacking Bags
Backpacks and Bags
Backpacks and Rucksacks
Waterproof Dry Bags
Duffle Bags and Travel Bags
Trekking Poles
Head Torches and Lighting
Bike Lights
Bouldering Mats
First Aid and Emergency
Wash, Reproof and Repair
Books, Magazines, Maps and Guides
Bundles
Gift Vouchers
Sonder
Sonder Bikes
Sonder Bikes and Frames
Frontier
Transmitter
Signal
Evol
Cortex
Camino
Broken Road
Santiago
Colibri
Vir Fortis
Continental Twin
Cahoot Tandem
All Sonder Bike Frames
Shop by Category
Mountain
Gravel and Wilderness
Road
Wheels
Wheels
Tyres and Tubes
Bike Components
Pedals
Saddles
Handlebars, Stems and Seatposts
Mech Hangers and Chainrings
Bike Accessories
Bike Lights
Tools and Pumps
Bottles, Cages, Mounts and Mudguards
Outlet
Last in the Box Clearance Outlet
Clearance Outlet
All Clearance
Sonder Clearance
Bundle and Save
Clothing Bundles
Camping Bundles
Equipment Bundles
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out the type of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us, how Alpkit will store and use that information and how we will keep it safe.
Protecting your privacy and your personal data is an important aspect of the way we create, organise and implement our activities on-line and off-line. Once you choose to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, then it will only be used in accordance with this policy.
For all of our services, the data controller is Alpkit Limited. Alpkit is a trading name of Alpkit Limited.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE MAY USE IT
We collect data when you visit or interact with us online, instore, through social media, at an event, or when you contact our customer service team through any channel.
The types of information we collect and why we need it are as follows:
Type of information and why we need it
Name, email and address details shared with us online, instore or at one of our events
To deliver your orders To send you service information relating to your orders At your request, to let you know when an item is back in stock To send you marketing emails (only if you've opted-in) To send you marketing information by post For fraud prevention
Payment details
To take payment and give refunds where necessary. We do not store payment card details. For fraud prevention
Your purchase history, your web browsing history and information gathered through cookies
To fulfil your orders, provide customer service and handle returns So we may learn from what you like To send you personalised marketing emails (only if you've opted-in) To deliver you adverts elsewhere online. For example Facebook, Google Display Network.
Your contact history with us online, instore, at one of our events, or through social media. For example when you phone with an order enquiry.
To provide you with customer service and support
Your device IP address
To set your default options such as currency and language, To protect our website from fraud or malicious software
The type of device you are using to access our website
To improve your shopping experience by displaying our website in the best way for your device
Your image and car registration on CCTV when you visit our stores
For the security of our customers and Alpkit employees
Information from publicly available sources. For example to confirm your postal address from your postcode
To improve our understanding of our customers better
Info you have given to a third party with permission to share with us about you
To help us serve you better
Survey responses
To help us better understand our customers’ needs and preferences
Competition entries
To acknowledge receipt of your entry, and notify you of results
We use most of the above data for our own internal analysis to help us better understand our customers, and how our customers use our website. We do this to offer you a better service and shopping experience.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We will never sell, distribute or lease your data to any third party other than those companies we work with in the normal course of running our business to fulfil your orders and provide you with a rich personal service and shopping experience.
When we share data we only share the minimum possible for them to perform their services. We share limited personal information with:
Royal Mail, MHI, DX, DPD, Parcelforce and DHL - our delivery companies
Shopify - our payment service provider
Facebook, Instagram and Google for targeted marketing whilst browsing the internet
Dot Digital – our email provider
Klarna Bank, who we use to offer our customers finance payment plans
Cycle to Work Scheme Companies who administer the schemes allowing you to save on the costs of a bike by purchasing it through your employer
Marketing, data insight and advertising agencies who we work with to run our business
IT companies who support our website and other business systems.
You’ll find details of how to change the way we use your data in the ‘Your rights?’ section below. More generally, if you don’t want Facebook or other companies to collect or use information based on your activity on websites, devices or apps off Facebook for the purpose of showing you ads, you can opt out from all participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) in the USA, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (http://youradchoices.ca/) in Canada or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/) in Europe. You can also opt out using your mobile device settings.
EMAIL MARKETING
If you opt-in to receive marketing emails from us, we’ll send you a few emails each week keeping you up-to-date with our latest news, products, offers and events.
In addition, if you’ve bought from us, we may use this information to send you emails about similar products that may be of interest to you. Some emails that we send will be based on actions that you take on our website, for example buying or viewing a specific product. We do this to enhance your shopping experience, and to help you find products which we think may be useful to you.
You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails from us at any time by:
Clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any of our marketing emails
Contacting our customer service team
If you choose not to receive marketing emails you will still receive important order, delivery information and product safety details by email.
ONLINE ADVERTISING
Like many other online retailers, we use a range of digital advertising networks and technologies to send our customers targeted adverts on other websites. The adverts you see will be based on information that we hold about you, and might include:
Your purchase history
Products you have viewed
By visiting our website and consenting to our use of cookies (see below), by shopping with us, or subscribing to our email marketing and consenting to our terms and conditions and privacy policy, you are agreeing to be served browsing-based advertising.
COOKIES
Cookies are in general edible and yummy, but in this case they are small text files which are created by your web browser when you visit a website. Every time you revisit the same website, your browser retrieves and sends the cookie to the website's server. Most websites rely on cookies for delivering the best visitor experience and there use ranges from analysing visitor behaviour (known as 'analytics'), personalising pages, remembering visitor preferences, managing online shopping carts, tracking people across websites and delivering targeted advertising.
We use cookies to improve your shopping experience by doing things like:
Keeping your chosen products in your basket
Sending you email reminders about products you’ve viewed or left behind (only if you’ve opted-in to receive email marketing from us)
Analysing web page traffic to make sure that you and other customers can find what you’re looking for easily
When you first land on our website, we’ll show you a message to let you know that we use cookies, and store them on your device. You can disable cookies within your internet browser settings.
Click to here to see our detailed Cookie Policy and list of cookies we use.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We may occasionally provide links to third party websites to help you find other relevant information. Such websites are not governed by this privacy policy, and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst using it.
RETAINING YOUR INFORMATION
We will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary and solely for the purpose for which it was collected. For example we will keep personal data relating to orders for a minimum of 6 years to comply with our legal, contractual and warranty obligations.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
SECURITY
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from: unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
YOUR RIGHTS
When it comes to your personal information, you have the following rights:
The right to be informed about how we use your information
The right to access any information we hold about you
The right to correct any inaccurate information that we hold about you
The right to request that we delete information that we hold about you
The right to request that we stop processing your information i.e. using it for any or all of the purposes set out in this privacy policy
The right to access your information in such a way so that it can easily be transferred from environment to another in a safe and secure way
The right to object to, and opt-out of our email marketing at any time
We try to ensure that our services are made easy for you to exercise any of these rights, at any time.
If you have any questions or wish to exercise your rights, please contact us.
COUNTRIES OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION
To fulfil international orders, some data will be passed on to companies within our delivery network who operate outside of the European Economic Area. As with all of our data transfer, this is carried out in a secure way and only the information needed to fulfil your order (e.g. name, contact details, postal address) will be provided.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY
From time to time, we may update our privacy and cookie policy to reflect changes in the way we provide our services to you, or in accordance with changes in data protection law. We encourage you to stay familiar with our privacy policy, but rest assured that If any significant changes are made, we will let you know.
If you have any questions about any changes we make, you are entitled to invoke any of your rights as set out above. We also encourage you to contact us.
HOW TO CONTACT US
We welcome all feedback, good or bad. If you:
Have any questions about how we collect and use your information
Would like a copy of the information we hold about you
Would like to update or remove any of the information we hold for you
Would like to exercise any of your rights explained above
You can either phone us on 01773 417007, email us at dataprotection@alpkit.com, or write to us at:
Data Protection Officer Alpkit Ltd Unit 12-14 Oak House Moorgreen Industrial Estate Engine Lane Newthorpe NG16 3QU United Kingdom
CONTACTING THE REGULATOR
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113.
Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns.
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
This privacy policy was last updated on 5th February 2020.
Alpkit Espresso