http://www.capitasymonds.co.uk/legal/
Previous
Next
Hide image
Legal
Site Terms & Conditions
Access to and use of this website is subject to the following terms and conditions and the laws of England and Wales.
Copyright
Copyright © Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited 2020. All rights reserved. All copyright and other intellectual property rights in all text, images, sounds, software and other materials on this site are owned by Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited and affiliated companies or are included with permission of the relevant owner. References to affiliates or affiliated companies shall include all members of Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited.
You are permitted to browse this site and to reproduce extracts by way of printing, downloading to a hard disk and by distribution to other people but, in all cases, for non-commercial, informational and personal purposes only. No reproduction of any part of the site may be sold or distributed for commercial gain, nor shall it be modified or incorporated in any other work, publication or site. No other licence or right is granted.
Registered company
Capita Property and Infrastructure LimitedRegistered Office: 65 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NQRegistered in England no: 2018542VAT no: GB618184140
Trademarks
All trademarks displayed on this site are either owned or used under licence by Capita plc and affiliates.
Securities
No information on the site shall constitute an invitation to invest in Capita plc or any affiliate. The price of shares and the income derived from them can go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amount originally invested. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance.
Content
The information on this site has been included in good faith but is for general informational purposes only.  It should not be relied on for any specific purpose and no representation or warranty is given as regards its accuracy completeness or fitness for any particular purpose or any site linked to it. Save to the extent that such limitation is not permitted under English law neither Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited, nor any of its affiliates, nor employees shall be liable for any loss, damage or expense arising in contract, tort or otherwise out of any reliance on information contained in this site, access to or use of or inability to use this site or any site linked to it including, without limitation, any loss of profit, indirect, incidental or consequential loss.
Use
Your information and activity on this site must not:
be false, inaccurate or misleading;
be in breach of any applicable laws, regulations, licences, or third-party rights;
interfere in any way with the proper working of the site and in particular you must not circumvent security, tamper with, hack into or disrupt the operation of the site or surreptitiously intercept, access without authority or expropriate any system, data or personal information as defined in the Data Protection Act 1998.
This site is intended normally to be available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited will not be liable for any failure to achieve this level of availability.
The site may be suspended temporarily and without notice in circumstances of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the control of Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited.
You agree to fully reimburse Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited in respect of all losses, costs, actions, claims, and liabilities incurred by Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited or its affiliates as a result of any breach or non-observance by you of these terms or any data submitted by you to us.
Capita Property and Infrastructure Limited will make all reasonable attempts to exclude viruses (and similar destructive devices) from the site but cannot guarantee the exclusion of viruses (and similar destructive devices) and you should take appropriate steps in respect of this risk.
Linked sites
At various points throughout the site you may be offered automatic links to other internet sites relevant to a particular aspect of this site. This does not indicate that Capita plc or affiliates are necessarily associated with any of these other sites or their owners. While it is the intention of Capita plc that you should find these other sites of interest, neither Capita plc nor affiliates nor their employees shall have any responsibility or liability of any nature for these other sites or information contained in them.
These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and each party to these terms submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Share
About us
Location
Contact us now
Close X
About us
Across the UK, our clients rely on us every day to de-risk, simplify, and un-complicate things. How? With the right team and the right solution – on time, and on budget.
Working with public and private sector organisations, we provide specialist project and cost management, engineering and design, health and safety, and environmental solutions. We do things differently, specialising in infrastructure – the physical networks which keep the country moving, as well as the social infrastructure which creates communities people want to be a part of – and in building solutions, from architectural innovation to sustainable and technologically advanced design and delivery.
Close X
Locations
Close X
Contact us
First name:
*
Surname:
*
Email:
*
Telephone:
Your privacy
The information you provide will only be used to respond to the question or in relation to a specific comment you have submitted, or will be passed directly to the relevant business unit within Capita Real estate and infrastructure in order to provide you with a response. We will only retain this information for the purposes of responding to your enquiry, and for information on our communication history with you (or the organisation you represent) should you contact us again.
By submitting your personal information through this form, you are consenting to it being processed in the manner described above and to being contacted in relation to your enquiry, using the details you provided. See our privacy notice for more information on how we take care of your information.
Area of enquiry:
*
Highways
Rail
Aviation
Water, Power and Gas
Buildings
Flood Protection
Careers
Accounts
Subject Access Request
Other
Message:
Capita plc65 Gresham StreetLondon EC2V 7NQ+44(0)207 7094500
Close X
About Us
Across the UK, our clients rely on us every day to de-risk, simplify, and un-complicate things. How? With the right team and the right solution – on time, and on budget.
Working with public and private sector organisations, we provide specialist project and cost management, engineering and design, health and safety, and environmental solutions. We do things differently, specialising in infrastructure – the physical networks which keep the country moving, as well as the social infrastructure which creates communities people want to be a part of – and in building solutions, from architectural innovation to sustainable and technologically advanced design and delivery.
Close X
Locations
Creating tomorrow's prosperous and connected places