https://www.vetport.com/privacy-policy
+1 513-449-2300
sales@vetport.com
VETport
Home
Features
Partners
Pricing
About
Contact
Resources
Blogs
Infographics
E-Books
Postcard Templates
FAQs
Help Files
Demo
Free Trial
Search Site
ENG
French
Deutsch
VETport Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 1st January 2019. Privacy of clients is the highest priority for VETport.
At VETport, we know that you care how information about you is collected, used, or shared. This Privacy Policy
explains what information of yours may be collected by VETport, and how the information will be used. We will
not use your information in any way except as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Acceptance of the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the VETport Terms of Use. By visiting and using the VETport Website or VETport Software
or VETport marketplace application, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you consent to the collection, use and
disclosure of your personal information and other non-personally identifying information by VETport in accordance with the terms and conditions of
this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, please do not provide us with any
information and do not use the VETport Website or VETport Software or VETport marketplace application.
2. Application
This Privacy Policy is applicable to all personal information provided by Visitors or Users on the VETport Website, in the software, inside the
marketplace applications, emailed to any of the VETport Team, verbally communicated to VETport Team during training or support sessions and any
information that may be automatically collected in VETport Digital Premises.
3. Privacy Policy Updates
Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, we may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, we will post the updated
Privacy Policy on https://www.vetport.com/privacy-policy. We may also send registered users
of VETport Software email notifications
notifying such users of any changes to the Privacy Policy. If any change is unacceptable to you, you
shall cease using the VETport Website or VETport Software or VETport marketplace application. If you
do not cease using the VETport Website or VETport Software or VETport marketplace application, you will
be deemed to have accepted the changes.
4. Aggregate Information
We may track the total number of visitors to VETport website, the number of visitors to each page of VETport website, the number of External
Web Site (defined below) pages you have visited, technical information about your computer, system and browser software and IP addresses. The
aggregate information extracted from this data will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and will not contain personally
identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, improve the Products we provide to our users, administer
the Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
5. Information We Collect
5.1 Through the Website:
You can generally visit our website without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain instances,
you may be given the option to fill out a Free Trial registration form, Contact Form, complete a survey or other form which could contain
personally identifiable information, such as user identification name, an email address, phone number, business name and/or any other
information that you voluntarily transmit with your communication to us.
5.2
Whenever you visit a VETport web page, your browser may send certain information to our server, which we record. This information may
include the URL of the referring web page, your browser and OS type, IP address of the device, location of the device, pages visited, time on site etc.
5.3 Through the Products:
Each VETport-based software product or service contains an activation time stamp, which is transparently collected by our server the first time you
use the Product. You will be assigned a unique user ID number. In addition, as part of acceptance to use the Product, you are authorizing VETport
to collect information about your use of the Product, including, without limitation, the number of times you use the Product or various applications
included with the Product, the duration of use, how many times and the type of technical problems that occur during use of the Product and technical
information about your computer and system software and the Product version you are using. We do this for purposes such as analyzing how the Product
is used, diagnosing service or to address technical problems, and improving Product quality and features.
6. Information Use
You agree that we may use your personally identifiable information you submit to the Website, Software, Over Email or verbal communication,
such as your email address, to register you to download our software and/or use our Products, contact you to deliver certain services or information
you have requested, verify your authority to enter our Site or use our products, improve the content and general administration of the Site, services
and Products, and provide you with notices regarding goods, services and/or Products that you have purchased or may wish to purchase in the future.
7. Choice to Opt-In
We will not share your personally identifiable information in any way except as described in this Privacy Policy unless you specifically elect to
make such information available to third parties by selecting to “opt-in” or “agree to the Terms & Conditions” in various places on the Site or in
the Products. For example, prior to making your personally identifiable information available to third parties for their direct marketing purposes,
we will give you the opportunity to “opt in” to receive such third party communications. This means we will require your affirmative action to
indicate your consent before we provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
8. Disclosure
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of
clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns
for certain Product services. Moreover, we may share your personally identifiable information and/or aggregate information with a parent, subsidiary
or affiliate entity in our corporate family or with our agents such as service providers or agencies that provide data security and maintenance
services to us. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information and/or aggregate information to third parties if it is necessary
to fulfill your product or service order. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information, such as your email address, to
a third party service provider or vendor who sends information on our behalf that you have opted to receive about our products and services;
similarly, we may share personally identifiable information such as your credit card number to a payments processing company in order to receive
payments or to services agencies who provide browser services related to VETport’s Products. Additionally, in the case where you “opt in” to make
your personally identifiable information available to other third parties, we may provide that information to partner entities or other third
parties. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government
authority or otherwise in cooperation with an investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the VETport Terms of Use agreement or
to protect our rights or (c) to protect the safety of users of our Site, services and our Products. We will not sell your personally identifiable
information to any company or organization without your permission, except we may transfer your personally identifiable information and/or
aggregate information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which VETport participates or
to a purchaser of all or substantially all of VETport’s assets to which the Site or the Products relate.
9. Children’s Privacy
We recognize the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online
activities and interests. The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not target its services or the Site to children
under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
10. Links to Third Party Sites
The Site may provide links to other Websites or resources over which we do not have control (“External Web Sites”). Such links do not
constitute an endorsement by VETport of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that we are providing these links to you only as a
convenience, and further agree that we are not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites
is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.
11. Security
We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice, to protect your personally identifiable information.
Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration or destruction. We may use firewalls, password protection, encryption, secure socket layer and take other physical security
measures and place internal restrictions on who within VETport may access your data to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally
identifiable information.
12. Correction/Deletion/Updating Personally Identifiable Information
We will provide you with the ability to modify or delete the personally identifiable information you have submitted through the Products
or through the Site. However, we may retain a copy of your subscription records for audit purposes.
13. Retention
VETport may hold Users’ personal information both before and after the cancellation of each User’s account, but only for as long as needed
to carry out the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or to comply with relevant law.
14. Choice of Future Communications
From time to time, VETport may send you information about updates & new offerings that may be of interest to you. At such a time, you will
be given an opportunity to opt-out of future communications.
15. GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals
within the European Union and the European Economic Area. It also addresses the export of personal data outside the EU and EEA. The GDPR
aims primarily to give control to citizens and residents over their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international
business by unifying the regulation within the EU.
Superseding the Data Protection Directive, the regulation contains provisions and requirements pertaining to the processing of personally
identifiable information of data subjects inside the European Union. Business processes that handle personal data must be built with data
protection by design and by default, meaning that personal data must be stored using pseudonymisation or full anonymisation, and use the
highest-possible privacy settings by default, so that the data is not available publicly without explicit consent, and cannot be used to
identify a subject without additional information stored separately. No personal data may be processed unless it is done under a lawful
basis specified by the regulation, or if the data controller or processor has received explicit, opt-in consent from the data's owner.
The data owner has the right to revoke this permission at any time.
A processor of personal data must clearly disclose any data collection, declare the lawful basis and purpose for data processing,
how long data is being retained, and if it is being shared with any third-parties or outside of the EU. Users have the right to request
a portable copy of the data collected by a processor in a common format, and the right to have their data erased under certain circumstances.
Public authorities, and businesses whose core activities centre around regular or systematic processing of personal data, are required to employ
a data protection officer (DPO), who is responsible for managing compliance with the GDPR. Businesses must report any data breaches within 72
hours if they have an adverse effect on user privacy.
16. Vetport Cookie Policy
16.1 What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identify your
browser or device.
16.2 What are cookies used for?
Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help
understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally
improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
16.3 What types of cookies does Vetport
use?
There are generally four categories of cookies: “Strictly Necessary,” “Performance,” “Functionality,” and “Targeting.” Vetport routinely
uses all four categories of cookies on the Service. You can find out more about each cookie category below.
(a) Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around the Service and use its features, such as accessing logged in or secure areas.
(b) Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used the Service, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided. These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you relevant content. We also use cookies to track aggregate Service usage and experiment with new features and changes on the Service. The information collected is used to improve how the VETport Service works.
(c) Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you chose to no longer see advertisements, when you logged in or out, and the state or history of Service tools you’ve used. These cookies also allow us to tailor the Service to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you’ve customized the Service in other ways. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
(d) Targeting Cookies. Vetport and our advertising partners may use these types of cookies to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests. These cookies can remember that your device has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your device’s browsing activity on other sites or services other than Vetport. This information may be shared with organizations outside Vetport, such as advertisers and/or advertising networks to deliver the advertising, and to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign, or other business partners for the purpose of providing aggregate Service usage statistics and aggregate Service testing.
16.4 How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies
will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
16.5 First and third party cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that belong to Vetport, third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your device through our Service.
Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing a service for Vetport, for example to help us understand how our service is being
used. Third-party cookies may also be placed on your device by our business partners so that they can use them to advertise products and services to
you elsewhere on the Internet.
16.6 How to control and delete cookies
If you want to delete cookies follow the instructions at http://www.wikihow.com/Clear-Your-Browser%27s-Cookies. If you wish to disable
your browser from receiving cookies follow the instructions at http://www.wikihow.com/Disable-Cookies. Note that if you set your browser
to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service may not work properly. You
can find out more information cookie settings at third-party information sites, such as http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION FOR VETport
If you have any questions regarding these terms
please contact us:
By e-mail: admin@vetport.com
By mail: VETport LLC, 100 Castleberry Ct., Box 303, Milford, OH 45150
By phone: +1 513-449-2300
This Privacy Policy was
last updated: 1st January 2019
Copyright © 2005-2019 VETport LLC . All rights reserved.
Download PDF Version of this document