http://www.pillers.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Piller's Fine Foods (the “Company”) is committed to the privacy of its clients/customers and to the collection, use, disclosure and storage of personal information provided to it in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act (PIPEDA). PIPEDA is established on ten foundational principles (a list of the ten principles is attached as an Appendix to this Policy document). The Company’s Privacy Policy is based on the ten PIPEDA principles and includes the following:
We collect information that we deem to be necessary to operate our business.
We identify why we need the information and do so in clear language. In some cases, the purpose is set out on the applicable form or is explained to the person providing information verbally by an agent or employee of our company. Individuals who are not sure of the reasons can always contact us for further information.
We obtain individuals' permission or consent before collecting, using or disclosing personal information. Permission may be implied - for example, by virtue of an individual completing a form. Permission may be given verbally, in writing or electronically and can be provided through an authorized representative. Permission can be withdrawn or changed at any time, using any of these channels.
In order to provide individuals with information about products and services that may be of interest to them, we may share information with affiliated entities, their agents or service providers. We will not do so without the individual's consent, and the consent may be withdrawn at any time.
We may also share information with third parties where required to implement a significant legal transaction such as the sale of a portion of our business. In such circumstances, we will require such third parties to maintain confidentiality in respect of the information and to not use it except for the purpose for which it was originally collected.
We only keep individuals' information as long as required for the purpose it was collected or to meet legal requirements. Once it is no longer necessary, the information is destroyed.
We protect individuals' information through the establishment of confidentiality and security procedures appropriate to the sensitivity of the information collected.
Access to Personal Information:
Any individual has a right to access to his or her personal information held by us and upon request we will advise of the existence use and disclosure of personal information. If an individual considers the personal information held by us to be inaccurate and incomplete, he or she has the right to ask us to change it.
Privacy Officer:
If an individual has any concerns about our use, storage or disclosure of personal information or wishes to have access to it or request changes to be made to it, he or she may direct inquiries to our Privacy Officer at:
Human Resources DirectorPiller's Fine Foods443 Wismer StreetWaterloo, Ontario N2K 2K6.