http://www.measurlogic.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Electric Submeters
AC Submeters
DTS 310
DTS 307
DTS SMX
DTS 305
DTS SKT
More AC Submeters
Power Quality Meters
CVM-A1500
CVM-B100/150
CVM-C10
QNA 500
Power Quality Analyzer
CIR-e+
DC Submeters
DTS DC
More DC Submeters
Current Sensors
AC Current Transformers
Split Core CT
Rogowski Flexible CT
Solid Core CT
DC Current Sensors
DC Shunts
Hall Effect Sensors
Demand Control
Power Conditioning
Software
All Products
Electric Submeters
AC Submeters
DC Submeters
Power Quality Meters
Current Sensors
AC Current Transformers
DC Current Sensors
Demand Control
Power Conditioning
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) only applies to information collection and use practices on the Measurlogic website (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy is subject to the Measurlogic Terms and Conditions of Use.
If you visit the Website and/or choose to provide us with personal information (“Personal Information”), we have designed our system to protect your privacy. We do not collect e-mail addresses unless (i) we are required to do so by law; (ii) we have reason to believe that you have violated the terms and conditions of the Measurlogic Terms of Use; (iii) you have caused or attempted to cause harm to us or the other users of our Website; and/or (iv) you voluntarily provide us with Personal Information (as described below).
There might be links from the Website or portals on the Website to other websites. This Privacy Policy only applies to the Website and not to websites of any other company or organization linked to or through the Website, which may have different policies. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of the external site company, its Website or Websites, or the products and services it promotes or sells. When you leave our Website to visit one of these linked sites, the only information transferred to the third party is the fact that you came from our Website.
Measurlogic is not responsible or liable for the independent privacy policies of these third-party Websites. Measurlogic encourages you to review all policies, rules, terms and regulations, including the privacy policies, of each website that you visit.
Measurlogic may request and/or collect personal information on the Website that you might elect to provide to Measurlogic (“Personal Information”) when, via the Website, you: (a) contact Measurlogic; (b) use Measurlogic’s services; and/or (c) send requests for information, questions, inquires, or comments to Measurlogic. You are not required to provide Personal Information to access the Website. Personal Information may include: (a) contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number and email address); (b) information regarding certain of your preferences related to Measurlogic or the Website; and/or (c) information regarding how you became aware of the Website.
If you would like to review, correct or remove your Personal Information, please contact Measurlogic at the address listed below or under the Contact page. Measurlogic will then make reasonable efforts to correct or remove your Personal Information from the Measurlogic active database.
Our servers may log IP addresses and Measurlogic might collect non-personal and aggregate information (collectively, “Non-Personal Information”) relating to your and other users’ use of the Website, such as page hits, number of visits, web pages viewed and the length of visits to the Website. Measurlogic may use this information to measure the use of our Website, to improve the content of our Website, and to provide our users with the best possible services. Measurlogic will not tie this Non-Personal Information to your Personal Information.
The Personal Information that you provide will be available to Measurlogic, our agents, representatives and service providers and contractors, as appropriate, to be used to respond to your inquiries or questions about Measurlogic and for the purposes indicated or which may reasonably be inferred by your voluntary provision of such Personal Information and otherwise in connection with the conduct of the Measurlogic business and operations. This use may include periodic telephone calls and postal and email mailings from Measurlogic about new products, services or upcoming events offered by Measurlogic. Measurlogic does not, however, rent, sell or furnish Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties to use in advertising or promoting their products or services, without your permission.
Measurlogic may also use your Personal Information, alone or in combination with the information submitted by other users, to improve Website’s navigation or infrastructure.
Third party contractors or providers of services to Measurlogic that have access to your Personal Information are also expected to protect such Personal Information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and to use such Personal Information only to carry out the activities or services they are performing for you or for Measurlogic.
Measurlogic will not disclose Personal Information and Non-Personal Information with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide the services that you have requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
In addition, in the event that all or substantially all of Measurlogic’s ownership and/or assets are transferred or sold to, or Measurlogic is merged with, another entity, or there is a change of control of Measurlogic, Measurlogic may transfer Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to the successor entity.
We may also collect cookies. Cookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your Web browser. The cookies we use do not contain any personal information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept them. In order to use all of the features of the Website and/or access all of the services and information, we recommend that you accept cookies.
Communications and submissions over the Internet might not be secure. Please consider this fact before communicating or submitting any personal or confidential information through the Website.
Please note that unauthorized access of our Website is prohibited and punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
We believe that protecting the privacy of children is especially important, and for that reason it is our intention to never collect or maintain information from children at our Website unless the disclosure of such information is done with verifiable parental or guardian consent. If a visitor known to be a child (under the age of 13) sends an e-mail to us, we will only use it to respond to the e-mail writer and not to create profiles or otherwise retain the information.
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe.
Measurlogic reserves the right to change, modify, amend and/or update this Privacy Policy at any time with or without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of Measurlogic. Your use of the Website following any such changes, modifications, amendments and/or updates constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by this Privacy Policy as so changed, modified, amended and/or updated. You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy each time you use or access the Website.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or information handling, privacy or maintenance practices as it relates to the Website, please contact Measurlogic at moc.cigolrusaemnull@ofni.
Measurlogic, Inc. ©2020. All Rights Reserved.  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions of Use