https://www.skolnik.com/privacy-policy
About Us
President's Message
In the News
Testimonials
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory Testimonial
Americase Testimonial
Tlrwin Testimonial
Industrial Container Service Testimonial
Argonne National Laboratory Testimonial
Direct Packaging Solutions, LLC. Testimonial
Nanjing Zhenrong Group Co., LTD. Testimonial
Alliant Energy Testimonial
Analysas Corporation Testimonial
Great Western Testimonial
Basco Testimonial
Consolidated Container Testimonial
Main Township High School East Testimonial
Drum Service of Richmond Testimonial
Fluor Fernald Testimonial
Freund Can Company Testimonial
Merck & Co., Inc. Testimonial
Millenium Petrochemicals Inc. Testimonial
New Pig Testimonial
PPG Industries, Inc. Testimonial
Russell Stanley Services Testimonials
University of Utah
Utah Barrel, Inc. Testimonial
Diversity Statement
Mission and Values
Our History
Case Studies
Blog
Careers
Request Quote
Contact Us
My RFQ
View RFQ
Submit Quote
800-441-8780
My RFQ
Filter
SalvageDrums
Stainless SteelDrums
Carbon SteelDrums
Type 7ADrums
AdditionalDrums
Stainless Steel Wine Barrels
Seamless Stainless Drums
Nitric Steel Drums
Stainless Process Drums
Food Grade Steel Drums
UN Certified Drums
Leverlock Closure Drums
Mil-Spec Drums
Gallon Drums
5 Gallon Drums
8 Gallon Drums
10 Gallon Drums
16 Gallon Drums
20 Gallon Drums
30 Gallon Drums
55 Gallon Drums
65 Gallon Drums
85 Gallon Drums
110 Gallon Drums
Hazardous Waste Containers
Spill Containers
TIH Overpack Drums
Custom Designed Drums
Replacement Partsfor Drums
Resources
Product Info
Closure Instructions
Color Options
Stainless Steel Types
Steel Drum Measurements
Metal Thickness
Technical Drawings
Capacity v. Height Chart
Fittings
Shipping
Container Measurements
Drums Per Pallet
Shipping Options
Trailer Capacity
Regulation Certifications
CRF Cheat Sheet
ISO 9001:2015
NQA1 Audited
LGBT-BE Certified
Quality Manual
UN Certification & Test Reports
Understanding the UN Markings
UN Packaging Identification Codes
DOT — PHMSA Organizational Chart
Conversion Calculators
Length Conversion Calculator
Pressure Conversion Calculator
Tempurature Conversion Calculator
Volume Conversion Calculator
Weight Conversion Calculator
Currency Conversion Calculator
FAQ
Ordering FAQ
Shipping FAQ
Features and Options FAQ
Testing, Ratings and Quality FAQ
News & Knowledge
Blog
Glossary
HazMat
Wine
Terms & Conditions
Our History
Critical Needs / Valuable Contents
Need to Meet Strict Regulations
Need Something Out of the Ordinary
HazMat Response / Spill Containment
Thicker, Heavier, Stronger
Videos
Bolt Ring Closure Instruction
Open Head Leverlock Closure Instructions
Fitting Closure Instructions
A Focus On Quality
Chemtrec
2013 Morris Hershon Award, RIPA Annual Conference
SSCI
Introducing Skolnik
A Day in May
Tight Head
Open Head Lever Lock
Open Head Bolt Ring
NABADA
Celebrating Pride Month
Skolnik World Quality Day
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Protecting your privacy is very important to Skolnik Industries, Inc. ("Company," "we," or "us"). We take the protection of your personal information very seriously. This policy is intended to help you understand how Company collects, uses and safeguards the information you provide on our website.
By using or accessing this website you signify your acknowledgment and assent to the Privacy Policy set forth below. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this website. Company can revise this policy at any time by updating this posting, and your use after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms. Please check this policy periodically for changes.
NOTICE OF COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
If you browse Company web site, you may generally do so anonymously without providing any personal information. However, there are cases where we may ask you for personal data, including your:
name;
business name;
mailing address,
and contact information, including telephone number and email address.
In addition, we request the aforementioned personal information when you register to receive additional information regarding our products and services or send us a question. If you choose not to give information we request, you can still visit most of the Company web site, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services. The personal information you provide will be used internally by the Company to provide you with access to the Company’s Newsletter, as well as exclusive offers, options and services.
RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION
In case you change your mind or wish to update or delete personal information (such as your zip code), we will endeavor to correct, update or remove the personal data you give us. You can do this by contacting our Customer Service Department at the contact points specified below to submit a verifiable consumer request to delete.
COMPANY MAILINGS
When you request product information or otherwise provide us with personal information, we automatically place you on our list to receive e-mail regarding product updates, special offers, important issues and new products. If you do not wish to receive e-mail updates, you can simply respond by telling us that you do not want to receive any future communications or contact our Customer Service Department at the contact points specified below.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
Personal information provided by users who are 13 years of age or over will be used for marketing and promotional purposes only by the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by the Company for the purpose of providing you with information and offers regarding the Company’s products. The Company does not and will not rent, sell or otherwise distribute to third parties your personal information entered on this site. While we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, Company will have no liability for disclosure of any information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties. Company also reserves the right to change or update this policy, or any other policy or practice, at any time, with reasonable notice to users of its web site. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the Company site.
We may share statistical or aggregated non-personal information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. This data is used to customize Company web site content and advertising to deliver a better experience to our users.
RIGHT TO KNOW
All Customers have the right to request that the Company provide them with an accounting of the personal information the Company has collected from said customer during the preceding 12 months. You can request the aforementioned information by contacting our Customer Service Department at the contact points specified below in order to submit a verifiable consumer request to know.
COOKIES AND IP TRACKING
This site does not currently use "cookies." In the future, this site may use cookies for site administration purposes. If for any reason you wish to not take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser not accept them, although this may disable or render unusable some of the features of the Company web site.
The Company web site also may detect and use your IP address or domain name for internal traffic monitoring and capacity purposes or to otherwise administer our web site. No personal information is obtained, rather just the patterns of usage of our various users may be tracked to provide you with improved service and content based on aggregate or statistical reviews of user site traffic patterns.
SPECIAL CASES
Company reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Company web site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose personal information without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law requires [permits] it or to respond to an emergency situation.
POLICIES FOR CHILDREN
Company does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from users under 13 years of age. No information should be submitted to this site by guests under 13 years of age, and guests under 13 years old are not allowed to register for our contests, newsletter, clubs or activities.
LINKED SITES
Please be advised that our web site contains links to third-party web sites. The linked sites are not under the control of Company, and we are not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of any linked site or any link on a linked site.
CONTACT INFORMATION:
Skolnik Industries, Inc.
4900 South Kilbourn Avenue
Chicago, IL 60632-4593 USA
Phone 773-735-0700
Toll Free: 800-441-8780
Fax: 773-735-7257
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Home
About Us
President's Message
In the News
Testimonials
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory Testimonial
Americase Testimonial
Tlrwin Testimonial
Industrial Container Service Testimonial
Argonne National Laboratory Testimonial
Direct Packaging Solutions, LLC. Testimonial
Nanjing Zhenrong Group Co., LTD. Testimonial
Alliant Energy Testimonial
Analysas Corporation Testimonial
Great Western Testimonial
Basco Testimonial
Consolidated Container Testimonial
Main Township High School East Testimonial
Drum Service of Richmond Testimonial
Fluor Fernald Testimonial
Freund Can Company Testimonial
Merck & Co., Inc. Testimonial
Millenium Petrochemicals Inc. Testimonial
New Pig Testimonial
PPG Industries, Inc. Testimonial
Russell Stanley Services Testimonials
University of Utah
Utah Barrel, Inc. Testimonial
Diversity Statement
Mission and Values
Our History
Case Studies
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Request for Quote
Contact Skolnik Industries, Inc.
Address:
4900 S. Kilbourn Avenue
Chicago, IL 60632-4523 USA
Toll Free: 800-441-8780
Phone: 773-735-0700
Fax: 773-735-7257
Members of:
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Back to top
Through the use of this website, you are accepting the terms and conditions stipulated in our Privacy Policy and our use of cookies.	Accept