https://www.ripcurl.com/us/policies/ca-transparency-act.html
Home
CA Transparency Act
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act (SB 657) RIP CURL, INC. has zero tolerance for any form of forced labor, including slavery and human trafficking, in our supply chain. Our company forbids our manufacturers to use forced labor of any kind, as stated in our Workplace Code of Conduct, which is agreed to and guaranteed by each of our manufacturers.
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act (SB 657) requires us to disclose our efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from our direct supply chains, and we require all of our manufacturers’ collaboration on these efforts:
Verification of Product Supply Chain As stated in our Manufacturing Agreement, our manufacturers warrant that all products they produce for us shall be in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations then in force, including but not limited to all labor and other laws governing workers’ rights and workplace safety in the country or territory in which the products are manufactured. Our manufacturers agree to adhere to our “Workplace Code of Conduct,” which specifically forbids the use of forced labor and provides workers with other protections as well.
Audits of Suppliers We solicit audit information from independent third-party sources to evaluate compliance by our manufacturers with our Workplace Code of Conduct, and specifically forced labor practices.
We currently conduct independent, semi-announced audits of our factories.
Certification of Materials We require each of our manufacturers to guarantee that they require their direct suppliers of materials (incorporated into our products) to comply with laws regarding the elimination of slavery and human trafficking in their supply chains.
Standards for Compliance If any of our manufacturers is found to violate laws concerning the use of forced labor or our Workplace Code of Conduct, they are required to make immediate improvements, and are subject to sanctions, including termination by us.
Training of Staff Our employees and management members with direct responsibility for supply chain management are provided education on forced labor issues, including human trafficking and slavery.
Severability If any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed several and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision.
Our Address Please send any questions or comments (including all inquiries unrelated to copyright infringement) regarding this Site to:
Rip Curl North America 3030 Airway Avenue Costa Mesa, CA 92626 CA Transparency Act
Your Privacy
Terms of Use
Online Gift Cards
Promotions
Ergo x Rip Curl Survey
CA Transparency Act