http://www.pro2net.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the procedure and conditions for processing personal data when using this website. The terms of the Privacy Policy apply every time you want to read and use the content of our website and/or our service, regardless of what device (computer, cell phone, tablet, etc.) you use.
It is very important that you carefully read the Privacy Policy, because each time you visit this website to apply for a payday loan with no credit check, you agree to the terms described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use our website and/or our services.
We confirm that the collection of data about users of this website is carried out in accordance with the requirements of the current legal acts, as well as in accordance with the instructions of the regulatory authorities. All reasonable organizational and technical measures are taken to protect the data we collect from dissemination, misuse and alteration.
1. WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU DO WE COLLECT?
Information you provide voluntarily:
date of birth;
residential address;
gender;
name;
phone number;
e-mail address;
bank account number.
Information about how you use our site
If you visit our website, we also collect information that reflects the peculiarities of using the services provided on this site, or automatically generate statistics of visits. Read more about this in the section “Cookies”.
Information from third parties
We and our partners can collect information about you from public and commercial sources (as far as the current legislation allows) and associate it with other information from you and about you. We can also obtain information about you from third-party social networks if you are connected to their services: for example, through your accounts on the Facebook network.
Other information we collect
With your consent, we may also collect other information about you, your device or your use of the content on our website.
You can choose not to provide us with certain information (for example, information that we ask you to provide to apply for a payday loan). However, in this case, you may not be provided with access to the use of our service.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may use the collected information for the following purposes:
to connect you to the right lender that suits you most ;
for direct marketing purposes, for example, to send users mail-ings, individual promotional offers and promotions;
to receive information about how our online services are used to improve them and develop new content, products and services;
for other purposes, if you consent to this.
We inform you that you have the right to disagree or at any time to withdraw your consent for us to manage your data for the above purposes.
3. DO WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION?
We undertake not to transfer your data to any third parties, except in the following cases:
if you have your consent to disclose personal data;
when providing services – to our partners providing payday loans online. We will provide these service providers only that part of your personal information that is necessary for the provision of a specific service;
when transferring data to law enforcement authorities in the manner prescribed by the legal acts of the United States.
4. WHAT DO WE DO TO PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
Personal data is protected from dissemination, misuse and changes. We have implemented physical and technical measures to protect all information that we collect in order to provide our services. We remind you that, despite all the appropriate measures that we take to protect your information, no website or operation on the Internet, not a single computer system or wireless connection is absolutely safe.
Your data will be kept by us for as long as you use our services or content. After this period, the data will be deleted without the possibility of reproduction.
5. YOUR RIGHTS
The user of our website has the following rights:
to know (be informed) about the processing of your personal data (the right to know);
to get acquainted with your data and with how they are processed;
to request to correct or, depending on the purposes for which the data are processed, to supplement incomplete personal data (right to rectification);
to delete your personal data or stop processing them (with the exception of storage);
to demand that we restrict the processing of data for one of the legitimate reasons (right to restriction);
not to agree to any action taken with your data if we use or intend to use this data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling to the extent that it is associated with such direct marketing.
If you do not want your data to be used for direct marketing purposes, you can contact us and express your disagreement with your data being were used for direct marketing purposes and/or automated actions were performed with your personal data without indicating the reasons for such disagreement.
6. THIRD-PARTY SITES, SERVICES AND PRODUCTS ON OUR SITE
This website may contain banners of third parties, links to their websites and services, which we do not control. We are not responsible for the security and confidentiality of information collected by third parties. You need to read and understand the terms of the Privacy Policy that applies to the sites and services of third parties that you use.
7. COOKIES
When you visit this website, we want to provide you with exactly the content and functions that best suit your needs. This requires “cookies”. These are small pieces of information that are created automatically when you use the site and are stored on your computer or another terminal device. They help us to identify you as a previous visitor to a particular website, to store the history of your visit to the site and to personalize the content for these reasons. In addition, cookies help ensure the smooth operation of websites, allow you to monitor the duration and frequency of visits to websites, and collect statistical information about the number of website visitors.
To access our content, you can set your browser to accept or reject all cookies, or to pop up a cookie message. Browsers work differently, so if you don’t know how to change your cookie settings, go to your browser settings menu. The operating system of your device may provide additional tools for managing cookies. If you do not want cookies to collect information, follow the simple procedure provided in most browsers that will allow you to refuse the use of cookies.
However, we would like to draw your attention to the fact that, in some cases, deleting cookies may slow down the Internet speed, restrict the operation of certain functions of the website or block access to the website.
Our website may contain links to websites of other persons, businesses or organizations. Please note that we are not respon-sible for the content of such websites or the privacy principles applied to them. Therefore, if you follow a link on our website and go to other websites, you should separately inquire about their Privacy Policy.
8. CONTACT US
If you have any questions related to the information provided in this Privacy Policy, ask us in any form convenient for you using the Contact Us page.