http://www.panlogic.co.uk/privacy-policy
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By continuing to use this website you
are giving consent to cookies being used. You can read more on how we use cookies in our privacy
policy.
I agree
Panlogic > Privacy policy
In Privacy policy...
Sitemap
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Accessibility
Panlogic’s privacy policy
Panlogic Ltd is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our website as well as the privacy of our actual clients in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
For visitors, we have structured the website so that, in general, you can visit us on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
For clients, once you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your client relationship with Panlogic.
Visitors to Our Website:
What information do we collect?
From the first moment you interact with the website we are collecting data. Our web server collects basic user information about you that includes your ISP’s domain, the time you accessed our website and the pages from within our website that you visit.
How do we use this information?
The basic user information collected is used to help us analyse web traffic and to improve the content of our website. Cookies may be used to facilitate client interaction with us.
We may at times also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a website can store in a designated file on your computer. Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual.
Panlogic’s clients:
What information do we collect?
When you sign up for Panlogic’s services, you provide us with contact information. Contact information typically includes your name, address and phone number.
While you are a Panlogic client, we manage information with regard to your account status, choice of services and client logs.
How do we use this information?
We use the contact information you provide us with to establish our service for you. We create and maintain other information such as client account status, choice of services and client logs in the normal course of providing a service.
Panlogic may also use client information to provide clients with system information or information about new or upgraded services.
We will not otherwise disclose client personal and account information unless we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Panlogic, our clients, or others, or where Panlogic has good belief that the law requires such disclosure.
Neither will Panlogic, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Panlogic stores or transmits for its clients. The circumstances under which Panlogic will disclose such electronic client communications are when:
It is necessary in order to provide service to the client;
It is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Panlogic and its clients;
It is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants or other legal processes that Panlogic determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and
It is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Panlogic and appear to appertain to the commission of a crime.
Panlogic disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by clients or others. Panlogic will, however, review, delete or block access to communications that may harm Panlogic, its clients or third parties. The grounds on which Panlogic may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of Panlogic’s Terms of Use.
Clients may opt out of receiving newsletters and/or notices of new or upgraded services from Panlogic by sending a request to hello@panlogic.co.uk. In this request, clients must identify their name and contact information. Clients may also raise a complaint by contacting Panlogic at hello@panlogic.co.uk. Please note, however, that Panlogic reserves the right to send bulletins and other important information regarding our services at our discretion.
Please note, however, that Panlogic reserves the right to send bulletins and other important information regarding our services at our discretion.
How secure is the data we collect?
We have several procedures to ensure your data is collected and stored in a secure manner. All employees are trained on Panlogic data security policy and procedures.
Where do we store your data?
The personal data we collect is processed within the UK and EU.
We will not transfer your information to third parties or store your information outside the EEA.
For how long do we store your data?
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Panlogic keep personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed or to comply with the law.
How we use cookies?
Please note that we use cookies to track activity on the site. Unless you adjust your browser settings to refuse cookies, we will issue them when you interact with our website.
Your rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction
You may enquire as to whether Panlogic is processing personal information about you, request access to personal information we hold for you, and ask that we update, amend or delete your personal information at any time by contacting us at hello@panlogic.co.uk. Please include your full name and a description of your data request. We will respond to any requests within 30 days.