http://www.coeur.com/company/terms-of-use/
Home
Company
About
Strategy
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Careers
Operations
Operations
Overview
Reserves & Resources
Supplier Information
Mines
Palmarejo, Mexico
Rochester, Nevada
Kensington, Alaska
Wharf, South Dakota
Silvertip, British Columbia
Projects
La Preciosa, Mexico
Sterling, Nevada
Investors
Overview
Events
Presentations
Share and Stock Information
Analyst Coverage
Filings
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
Sedar Filings
News & Media
News
The Prospector
Contact
Responsibility
Overview
Our Approach
Material Items
ESG Oversight
Sustainable Development Goals
The Prospector
Environment
Climate Change
Energy & Emissions
Water
Waste
Biodiversity
Tailings
Closure
Our People
Fair Employment Practices & Equal Opportunities
Training & Development
Employee Health, Safety & Security
Our Communities
Commitment to Local Communities
Indigenous Rights
Human Rights
Governance
Board of Directors Composition
Ethics & Compliance
Contact
Corporate Directory
Request Information
Subscribe
Employees
Company
Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of Coeur Mining, Inc. ("Company", "we" or "us"). The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these "Terms of Use"), govern your access to and use of www.coeur.com and all social media pages, channels or accounts, opened and maintained by the Company, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.coeur.com (collectively, the "Website").
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.  You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from this site.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out in this section, please address your request to Kirstie Bakke, Corporate Communications Specialist, at kbakke@coeur.com.
No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company, its licensors, or other providers of such material. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Trademarks
Certain names and logos on the Website may constitute trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. The display of trademarks on the Website does imply that a license of any kind has been granted. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any "junk mail", "chain letter" or "spam" or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
User Contributions
The Website may contain message boards, profiles, forums, blogs or bulletin boards and other interactive features (collectively, "Interactive Services") that allow users to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users or other persons (hereinafter, "post") content or materials (collectively, "User Contributions") on or through the Website.
All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
Any User Contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. By providing any User Contribution on the Website, you grant us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose/according to your account settings.
You represent and warrant that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant the license granted above to us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors and assigns.
All of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use.
You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not the Company, have fully responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness.
We are not responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website or the public or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website.
Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through the Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY/ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Website, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material which is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, explicit, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable.
Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age.
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations.
Be likely to deceive any person.
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act.
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes and other sales promotions, barter or advertising.
Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any User Contributions violate your copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement to Brian Slade, Associate Counsel at bslade@coeur.com. The Company reserves the right to terminate access of users that are repeat infringers.
Reliance on Information Posted
This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Privacy Policy
The Company shall make a reasonable effort to preserve user privacy, including personally identifiable information transmitted or collected through voluntary sources on the Website, such as messages transmitted through this Website. The Company reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information of certain users of this Website when it has a reasonable and good-faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to enforce the Terms of Use of this Website, comply with law, a judicial proceeding, court order or other legal process, or to otherwise enforce or protect its rights under applicable law, including, without limitation, the Company's intellectual property rights.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website.
Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.  We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links from the Website
This Website may contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. By posting any third-party links or resource to its Website, the Company does not imply its adoption, endorsement of or concurrence with any such information, content, conclusions, or recommendations posted on the third party's site or contained with any third-party resource.  The Company is not in control of the sites or resources of third parties and is not responsible for the contents or any link containing a linked site, or any changes or updates.  The Company is not responsible for any webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any third party linked site.
Analyst Coverage
The Company is followed by the analysts listed on this Website. Any opinions, estimates or forecasts regarding the Company's performance made by these analysts are theirs alone and do not represent opinions, forecasts, or predictions of the Company or its management. The Company does not by its reference on this Website imply its endorsement of or concurrence with such information, conclusions or recommendations.
No Representations or Warranties
Although considerable cause has been in preparing and maintaining the information and materials contained on this Website, your use of the Website, its content or items obtained through the Website is at your own risk.  THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS. THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
The foregoing does not affect any warranties which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Limitation on Liability
The Company shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever (including indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages and loss of profits, opportunities or information) arising from (a) your use of or reliance on information contained on this Website; (b) any inaccuracy or omission in such information or failure to keep the information current; (c) use of any third party web sites linked or referred to in this Website; (d) any delays, inaccuracies or errors in, or in the transmission of, any stock price quotes or historical price data; (e) any Internet software used in connection with this Website or computer viruses or other destructive programs encountered as a result of using this Website; and (f) any other matter connected with the Website; even if the Company is made aware of the possibility of such claims, damages or losses.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs, damage awards and settlement amounts) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Website's content, other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.  The Company reserves the right to participate in the defense of any such claim, at its own expense.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Illinois without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Illinois or any other jurisdiction).
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Illinois in each case located in the City of Chicago and County of Cook although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver of by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Your Comments and Concerns
All feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the website should be directed to: Kirstie Bakke, Corporate Communications Specialist, at kbakke@coeur.com.
Last modified and effective as of November 28, 2017.
Company
About
Strategy
Leadership
Board of Directors
Executive Leadership
Senior Leadership
Corporate Governance
Careers
Downloads
2019 Annual Report2020 Proxy Statement
Presentations
The Prospector
Events Calendar
Careers