http://www.olsonresearch.com/privacypolicy.htm
Olson Research Associates, Inc.
Asset/Liability
management solutions for community banks...manage your bank, not your
model.
Internet Privacy Policy at Olson Research Associates, Inc.
Return to main site
Effective Date: 02/26/2020
This privacy policy applies to www.olsonresearch.com ("Site") owned and operated by Olson Research Associates Inc.
("Olson Research", "Us", "We", "Our"). This privacy policy describes how Olson Research Associates Inc. collects
and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our web site: www.olsonresearch.com. It also
describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how
you can access and update this information.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Olson Research Associates Inc. has agreed to notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable
information we collect, be it first party
or third party personally identifiable
information.
The organization collecting the
information.
How the information is used.
With whom the information may be
shared.
What choices are available to you
regarding collection, use and distribution
of the information.
The kind of security procedures that
are in place to protect against the loss, misuse
or alteration of information under Olson
Research Associates control.
How you can correct any inaccuracies
in the information.
The Federal Trade Commission has published
numerous documents on electronic commerce and
privacy on the internet. Click
here for "Computers & the Internet: Privacy & Security".
Information Collection and Use
Olson
Research Associates is the sole owner of the
information collected on this site. We will not
sell, share, or rent this information to others
in ways different from what is disclosed in this
policy. Olson Research Associates collects
information from our users at several different
points on our website.
Use of email addresses
We record email addresses of customers and
guests when they are provided on the forms on
our web site or when they are given to us by the
address owner with instructions to sign our
guest book on their behalf. Addresses contained
in email we receive (the "From" or "Reply To"
addresses) are not recorded in a database. Any
addresses we obtain as a referral by one of our
customers are recorded in a separate database to
help us avoid future "spam" email to these
addresses. Any email sent to these addresses
will contain instructions on how the owner can
request that their address be removed from our
database altogether.
Email address owners may request removal
of their information by emailing
webadmin@olsonresearch.com.
Registration
For A/L
Benchmarks® customers
Often, we create user accounts on behalf of our
customers using previously provided contact
information. Our customers can create their own
accounts by providing an active email address
and a code they would have obtained via our
services previously. We use the email address to
verify their identity and thus we require that
it remain active. We require our customers
maintain a password for their account.
For Guests
Some of the services of our website are
completely open, that is, we don't request any
identifying information or charge a fee to view
or use the information. For some of our product
information and for any free services, we
require a user to provide an email address, name
and company name, phone number and optionally provide other
(Position/Title, Fax #, address & Regulatory ID #) identifying
information.
Blogs
and Testimonials
We post customer testimonials on the Website.
These testimonials may include the customer's
name. We obtain our customer's consent prior to
posting testimonials. Any personally
identifiable information a customer elects to
disclose within their testimonial or in a blog
(which requires log in using an open ID such as
Facebook, Twitter, or registering an account)
comment is publically available and can be used
to send you unsolicited messages for which Olson
Research is not responsible.
To request removal of your personally identifiable information from
our blog or community forum, contact us at webadmin@olsonresearch.com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable
information, in which case we will let you know if we
are unable to do so and why .
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We at Olson Research Associates Inc. and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar
technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website,
and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of
cookies at the individual browser level.
Portions of our web site are hosted by third party providers.
These providers may display advertising on
the portions of our site that they host.
These third party providers may use technologies such as cookies
to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising
based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose
of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Log Files
We use third parties to gather certain information automatically and store it in
log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses,
browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages,
operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we
collect about you. We do this [to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing,
analytics, or site functionality.
Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in
the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
We do not
share any information we obtain (via our web
site or otherwise) with any third parties for
their promotional purposes. Where necessary for
maintenance, we may provide access to
information on our Website to the third party
agent hosting the site on our behalf in
providing better service to our users. This
third party agent has no authorization to access
or use any personally identifiable information we provide for
their own promotional purposes.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us
with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service.
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to
provide these services to us.
Links
This web
site contains links to other sites. Please be
aware that we, Olson Research Associates, Inc.,
are not responsible for the privacy practices of
such other sites. We encourage our users to be
aware when they leave our site and to read the
privacy policies of each and every web site
that collects personally identifiable
information. This privacy policy applies
solely to information collected by this Web
site.
Newsletter and Industry Report
We publish a
monthly newsletter and a quarterly Industry
Report. All customers and guests can choose to
receive an email notice each time these
publications become available at our web site.
Please see our choice and opt-out
below.
Site and
Service Updates
We also send
our users (customers & guests) site and service
announcement updates. We don't allow users to
un-subscribe from service announcements, which
contain important information about our web site
services and considered a part of your use of
our service. User’s can, however, elect not to
receive product information. We also communicate
with our users (both customers & guests) via
email or phone to provide requested services and
in regards to issues relating to their account.
Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Security
This website
takes every precaution to protect our users’
information. When users submit sensitive
information via the website, their information
is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration form asks users to
enter sensitive information (such as customer
code or regulatory identifiers), that
information is encrypted and is protected with
the best encryption software in the industry -
SSL. While on a secure page, such as our sign-in
form or any customer services page, the lock
icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as
Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet
Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to
un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
To learn more about SSL, follow this link:
http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/S/SSL.html
.
You can verify the authenticity of our
server’s security with Thawte by
clicking on the image at the right:
While we use SSL encryption to protect
sensitive information online, we also do
everything in our power to protect
user-information off-line. All of our users’
information, not just the sensitive information
mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
Only employees who need the information to
perform a specific job (for example, our billing
clerk or a customer service representative) are
granted access to personally identifiable
information. Our employees must use
password-protected screen-savers when they leave
their desk. When they return, they must re-enter
their password to re-gain access to your
information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept
up-to-date on our security and privacy
practices.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect
the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission
and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet,
or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore,
we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about the
security at our website, you can send an email
to
webadmin@olsonresearch.com.
Correcting and Updating Personal Information
Upon request Olson Research Associates Inc. will provide you with information about
whether we hold any of your personal information.
If your
personally identifiable information changes
(such as a zip code or phone number), or if you
no longer desire our web site services, we will
endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or
remove personally identifiable information that you have provided to
us. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
This can be done at our web site’s account
information page, by emailing our Web
administrator, or by contacting us via postal
mail, telephone or fax. Please see "Contacting
the Web Site" below.
We will retain your information for as long as your account
is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain
and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Choice/Opt-out
You are
given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having
your information used for purposes not directly
related to our site at the point where we ask
for the information. For example, our account
information page has an ‘opt-out’ mechanism so
you can be excluded from receiving email
containing our marketing material. You have
similar control of email subscriptions to our
monthly newsletter and quarterly Industry
Report. You can change this information yourself
at our web site's account information page, by
selecting the 'unsubscribe' link present in each
email we send out, or
you can request the changes by contacting our
Web administrator via email, postal mail,
telephone or fax. Please see "Contacting the Web
Site" below.
Notification of Changes
If we decide
to change our privacy policy, we will post those
changes on our Homepage so you are always aware
of what information we collect, how we use it,
and under what circumstances, if any, we
disclose it. If at any point we decide to use
personally identifiable information in a manner
different from that stated at the time it was
collected or if we make any material change, we would notify you by way of an
email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming
effective. You would have a choice as to whether or
not we use your information in this different
manner. We would use information in accordance
with the privacy policy under which the
information was collected.
Disclaimer
In certain situations, Olson Research Associates Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to
lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy we may need to disclose personally identifiable
information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith
belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current
judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on
our Web site.
If Olson Research Associates Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition,
or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email
and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or
uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices
you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.
Contacting the Web Site
Return to main site
If you have any questions
about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or
your dealings with this Web site, you may contact our Web
Administrator:
By email at
webadmin@olsonresearch.com
By postal mail:
Olson Research Associates, Inc.
2500 Wallington Way, Suite 101
Marriottsville, Maryland 21104
By telephone:
410-290-6999
410-290-6726 (fax)