https://www.iverkshow.ie/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Visitors are asked to read our Terms and Conditions in full. Individuals, who do not read these terms and conditions should exit this website. We reserve the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which access to this website is offered. Please note: Online classes have terms and conditions particular to each class which you must agree to in order to complete your order.
For more information on out Terns & Conditions: CONTACT: Iverk Show Ltd. Piltown County Kilkenny Ireland Tel: +353 51 644621 Email: secretary@iverkshow.ie
Copyright All images are for illustration purposes only. All images, text, graphics, web site design, visual and audio clips are copyright of Iverk Show Ltd unless otherwise stated, and you are not authorised to copy, reproduce or alter these images without prior written consent from Iverk Show Ltd.
Notification of Copyright Infringement  Iverk Show Ltd will, in appropriate circumstances, terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that your work has been used or copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our Legal Department with a Notice containing the following elements: • a physical or electronic signature of the person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest that is alleged to have been infringed; • a description of the copyrighted work or works that you claim have been infringed and which you request to be removed from the site; • a description of the location of the material that you claim is being infringed; • information sufficient to permit Iverk Show Ltd to contact you, such as your physical address, telephone number and e-mail address; • a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material identified in your Notice in the manner complained of is not authorised by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; • a statement by you that the information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or are authorised to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.You can notify Iverk Show Ltd of any claims of copyright infringement at the following address: Iverk Show Ltd. Piltown County Kilkenny Ireland.
Trademarks All trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners (“Third Party Trade Marks”). You are not permitted to use Third Party Trademarks without the prior written consent of such third parties that may own the Trademarks.
Links Iverk Show Ltd
may choose to provide links to  associated companies from time to time and may also choose to provide links to sites that are owned by third parties that are not connected with Iverk Show Ltd . All links are provided for your convenience only. Access to sites that are owned by third parties is at your own risk and Iverk Show Ltd  has no responsibility or liability for these third party sites.
Children Under 18 If you are under 18 you must ask your parent or guardian before you buy anything on the Iverk Show Ltd  website, email the website, send in any information to Iverk Show Ltd  or ask the Iverk Show Ltd  to email you anything. By continuing to use this website and any of the services offered, you are confirming that you have received the consent of your parents or a guardian. However it is the ultimate responsibility or the parent or guardian to ensure that all children under 18 are supervised when online and to ensure that the appropriate parental control tools are put in place.
Use of the Site Users agree that you will only use our web site in a way which is consistent with our terms and conditions and which complies with applicable laws and regulations. In particular you agree that you will not use our web site to upload or send any material which contains software viruses or other codes, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or in any other manner which would interfere with or disrupt our web site. You acknowledge that our web site and any goods that you obtain from our web site are provided for your personal use only and may not be used for any commercial purposes or distributed commercially without our permission.
Indemnity  You agree to indemnify and hold Iverk Show Ltd , and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable solicitor’s fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through the Site, your use of the Site, your connection to the Site, your violation of the Terms and Conditions, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
Limitation of Liability To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, neither the Iverk Show Ltd  nor any of its directors, employees, affiliates or other representatives will be liable for loss or damages arising out of or in connection with the use of, or inability to use, the materials in and/or facilities or services offered through this website, including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damages, loss of data, income, profit or opportunity, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties, even if the Iverk Show Ltd  have been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages or such loss or damages were reasonably foreseeable.
Governing Law These Terms and Conditions and any contracts made under them are governed by and shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Republic of Ireland whose courts shall be courts of exclusive competent jurisdiction. We make no representation that materials on this Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Customers who access this web site from locations outside the Republic of Ireland do so at their own risk and on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, to the extent that any local laws are applicable. Nothing in these Terms shall in any way be deemed to restrict or affect your statutory rights under the law of the Republic of Ireland.
Disclaimer Iverk Show Ltd  has taken all reasonable care in the preparation of the contents on this web site, but makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Iverk Show Ltd  makes no warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of the information contained in any of the materials on this web site. Iverk Show Ltd reserves the right to change price and availability information without notice. Iverk Show Ltd shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage that may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this web site.
Alterations  We may amend this website and our services at anytime with or without notice to you.
Website availability  Iverk Show Ltd  will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that this web site is fully operational at all times. However we cannot guarantee that the web site will be fault free. In particular access to this web site may be interrupted or restricted to allow for emergency or routine repairs or maintenance to be carried out or the introduction of new facilities or services. Further, by using this website and any substitute, you acknowledge and agree that the Internet uses elements and relies upon services, input and facilities which are not within the control of the Iverk Show Ltd  and if Iverk Show Ltd  is totally or partially prevented or delayed in the performance of any of its obligations in providing a particular service, such a situation will constitute a ‘force majeure’ and the Iverk Show Ltd  shall be excused the performance for so long as such a situation endures.
Miscellaneous The Terms and Conditions together with our  Privacy Policy contain the full and complete understanding between the  Iverk Show Ltd and you. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you through or from the web site or from any conversations with our staff will operate to vary these terms and conditions. The Terms and Conditions of website usage together with our Help Section and Privacy Policy and all contracts made under them shall endure for the benefit of any successors and assignees of the Iverk Show Ltd.
Complaints and Comments If you have any complaints, queries or comments about our web site or our products supplied to you, please contact us through the contact section of our website or alternatively you can contact us at the following address:
Iverk Show Ltd. Piltown County Kilkenny Ireland Tel: +353 51 644621 Email: secretary@iverkshow.ie
VIEW PRIVACY POLICY