https://www.fanmanufacturers.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Woodcock & Wilson Limited Website Terms and Conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms and Conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern Woodcock & Wilson’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions, please do not use our website.
Woodcock & Wilson ’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website.  The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
• The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
• Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
• Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
• This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these Terms and Conditions.
• All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
• Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
• From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
• Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Talk to an experienced sales engineer on +44(0) 1484 462 777
to discuss your requirements and get specialist advice.
TALK TO AN EXPERT
ProductsATEX Fans
Axial Fans
Centrifugal Fans
IECEx Fans
Browse all products
Mixed Flow Fans
Ex-Stream
FanSafe Tag
IndustriesChemical
Automotive
Marine
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
Nuclear
Service & SupportContact Us
News
Download Centre
Fan Selector WWair2
About UsOur Company
Fan Efficiency
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Covid-19
Tel		+44 (0) 1484 462 777
Email 	sales@fanmanufacturers.com
Registered in England No. 1353953 | VAT No. GB 185 12251 71
© Woodcock & Wilson Limited 2020 | Website Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map
PRODUCTS
Products Overview
ATEX Fans
Axial Fans
Bifurcated Fans
Centrifugal Fans
IECEx Fans
Mixed Flow Fans
Tank Vent Fans
Woodwaste Fans
EX-STREAM
FANSAFE TAG
SERVICING & SPARES
INDUSTRIES
Industries Overview
Chemical Industry
Automotive Industry
Marine Industry
Oil & Gas Industry
Power Generation Industry
Nuclear Industry
FAN EFFICIENCY
ABOUT US
About Us Overview
News
Covid-19
TALK TO AN EXPERT
+44 (0)1484 462 777