http://www.assos.com/terms-conditions
FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER 100 € / 100 £ / 100 $.EXTENDED HOLIDAY RETURNS – UNTIL JANUARY 31, 2021.RECEIVE IT BEFORE CHRISTMAS – ORDER BY DECEMBER 15.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Customer ServiceSize GuideShipping CostsReturns & RefundsWarranty & RepairProduct CareTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyContact Us Terms and ConditionsASSOS Customer Service.The following Terms and Conditions apply to all orders placed with assos.com1GENERALThe following Terms and Conditions apply to all orders placed with ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH (Via Bresce 1, 6854 San Pietro di Stabio, Switzerland), trading as ASSOS Online ShopThe Terms and Conditions apply as soon as an order is placed over the Internet. By placing an order with us, you accept the Terms and Conditions set out below. These Terms and Conditions do not affect your statutory rights. If you have any queries, please contact us. All references to the "company", "us", "our", or "we" refer to ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH. Any reference to "customer", "you" "client" or "buyer" refers to the person or organization placing the order.2EXECUTION OF THE AGREEMENT2.1Your order represents an offer to execute a Purchase Agreement. When you send us an order, we will send you an e-mail to confirm receipt of your order and explain all relevant details (Order Confirmation). Your Order Confirmation does not represent acceptance of the Agreement. Instead, it confirms receipt of your order. It becomes a Purchase Agreement only when we have sent the ordered goods and when you have received delivery notification from our warehouse that the goods have been dispatched.If a product in the same order, for which you have received Delivery Confirmation, is not shown in the Delivery Notification e-mail, no Purchase Agreement will take place for that product.During the purchasing process, the buyer accepts our General Terms and Conditions of Sale, as set out on this page.2.2Our ability to fulfill orders is conditional on us too being correctly supplied, within the correct time frame. If any goods ordered are not available, we reserve the right to terminate the Agreement.You will be informed immediately if goods that you have ordered cannot be delivered. If the sum due has already been paid, we will return it immediately. We accept no responsibility for damages due to late delivery, unless there is certified negligence on our part.Shouldn’t one or more goods in your order be available within the correct time frame, we reserve the right to offer you an alternate delivery through one of our business partners in your area, at the same conditions. You will have the possibility to accept such alternate delivery.2.3We will notify you if an item shown on the website is no longer available or if its price has changed.3PriceAll prices on assos.com website are shown in the following currencies:EUR (Euro)USD (US Dollar)CAD (Canadian Dollar)CHF (Swiss Franc)GBP (British Pound)NOK (Norwegian Krone)SEK (Swdish Krone)DKK (Danish Krone)AUD (Australian Dollar)Shipping costs may be added to these prices. Shipping costs informations are displayed on our website, and can be checked at the time of ordering. Prices at the time of order are correct, errors and omissions excepted.4DELIVERY AND SHIPPING COSTS4.1Your order represents an offer to execute a Purchase Agreement. When you send us an order, we will send you an e-mail to confirm receipt of your order and explain all relevant details (Order Confirmation). Your Order Confirmation does not represent acceptance of the Agreement. Instead, it confirms receipt of your order. It becomes a Purchase Agreement only when we have sent the ordered goods and when you have received delivery notification from our warehouse that the goods have been dispatched.If a product in the same order, for which you have received Delivery Confirmation, is not shown in the Delivery Notification e-mail, no Purchase Agreement will take place for that product.During the purchasing process, the buyer accepts our General Terms and Conditions of Sale, as set out on this page.4.2Our ability to fulfill orders is conditional on us too being correctly supplied, within the correct time frame. If any goods ordered are not available, we reserve the right to terminate the Agreement.You will be informed immediately if goods that you have ordered cannot be delivered. If the sum due has already been paid, we will return it immediately. We accept no responsibility for damages due to late delivery, unless there is certified negligence on our part.Shouldn’t one or more goods in your order be available within the correct time frame, we reserve the right to offer you an alternate delivery through one of our business partners in your area, at the same conditions. You will have the possibility to accept such alternate delivery.4.3We will notify you if an item shown on the website is no longer available or if its price has changed.4.4Shipping charges:Please refer to the SHIPPING COST section.PLEASE NOTICE Shipments sent outside the European Union might be subject to import duties and or taxes imposed by your country. These costs are your expense and in addition to your invoice charges. Please contact your local customs office for details.5PAYMENTPayment for purchases and shipping can be made by credit card or PayPal. If goods ordered are not available, and payment has been made, said payment will be credited to your bank or PayPal account.5.1 Credit Or PayPal PaymentsWe accept payment using VISA, Mastercard, American Express and PayPal.Security of your card and data is very important to us. All financial information relating to your transaction is forwarded using an encrypted automatic protocol, which neither ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH nor independent third parties has access to. This information will be utilized only in the case of a refund. Therefore, for security reasons, every time you place an order with us, you will be asked for your card number.5.2 SecurityTo ensure the security of your data, we use SSL software security (Secure Socket Layer). With this system, your data, name, address and card number are coded and transmitted safely via the Internet. During transfer, no external party can read your data.6DUE DATES AND PAYMENT, DELAYS, TRANSFER OF TITLEAny goods ordered and delivered remain property of ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH until full payment of all amounts due, under the Agreement relating to client. Should for any reason come to a delay in payment, we will charge 5(five)% interest until receipt of the payment in full.7SHIPPING DAMAGESImportant: Notwithstanding all precautions, packages and/or their contents sometimes get damaged in transit. If this should happen, please follow the following procedure: breakages should initially be announced and registered with the courier, at once upon receipt of the goods. You should then inform us immediately thereafter. If you intend to return damaged goods, please inform us in advance via customer care form, e-mail, phone or fax.8WARRANTY AND REPAIRSPlease refer to the WARRANTY AND REPAIRS section.9IMPORTANT NOTICESThe products offered are posted on the Internet site as clearly as possible. We have attempted to portray the colours of our products in a realistic manner, however we cannot guarantee that the colours as seen on your computer match those of the real products, due to the individual nature of your screen graphics or printer.10INFORMATION RELATING TO PRIVACYClient data will be collected and used by ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH only for the analysis, approval and execution of the Agreement and for the care and management of the relative relationship with the client, the recovery of outstanding payments and fight against fraud and abuse. Data obtained by ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH may be used for marketing purposes (for example, Newsletters), if the client has no objection.Your personal data may be used as mentioned above only by ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH. However, in order to execute your order, we will have to give your personal data to other companies, such as our couriers responsible for logistics and our financial services partners for credit card transactions. Said data may be used by those receiving it, exclusively for the purposes relating to their services. We do not give your personal data to any other organisations or companies.Further information relating to the type, reach, location and objectives of the collection, transformation and use of personal data can be found in the section titled Privacy PolicyThe client must agree explicitly to the collection and use of their personal data.The client has the right, at any time, to revoke consent for future use of data by informing your distributorIf this is the case, we promise to immediately delete the client's personal data, unless an order is being processed.We are very happy to provide any information relating to your registered data at any time.For further information, please contact:Email: PrivacyPolicy@assos.com11FINAL PROVISIONS11.1 Governing Law And Competent JurisdictionSwiss Law governs on an exclusive basis all contractual conditions between ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH and the client. Commercial UN law is not applicable.For all controversies deriving from the business relationship between the client and ASSOS of Switzerland GmbH the competent jurisdiction is that of the headquarters of ASSOS Switzerland in Stabio alone. However, we reserve the right to summon the client to any other competent court.11.2 Severance ClauseIn the case in which a clause of these Conditions Of Sale were to be null or should become so in the future, the validity of all other Conditions or Agreements will not be affected.12GIFT CARDSGive the gift of ASSOS with our Digital Gift Card. Once purchased, the card will be emailed to a lucky recipient of your choosing with a unique code that can be redeemed at assos.com.Gift Card Terms- ASSOS gift cards can be redeemed to purchase ASSOS products online only, at assos.com. - Each card can be redeemed in part, with the remaining balance credited to your ASSOS account. - Must be redeemed within 12 months of purchase and must be used in the same currency as they’re purchased. - If the order value is greater than the value of the gift card, the difference must be paid by credit/debit card, or using PayPal. - Gift cards are nonrefundable but can be combined with other offers and other gift cards.- Promo codes cannot be used to purchase Gift Cards.