http://www.halquiststone.com/privacy-statement
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This privacy policy covers Halquist Stone and its Web site, http://www.halquiststone.com:This is how we handle information we learn about you from your visit to our Web site.The information our Web servers gather depends upon what you do when visiting our site. Please note that our servers are not set up to collect any personally identifying information about you when you visit sites hosted on them. The only personal information about you that is gathered is the information you choose to provide to us.If you visit our site, we collect and store only the following anonymous information about your visit:The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account) and the Internet Protocol (IP) address or host name which may or may not identify a specific computer.The date and time you access our site.The pages you visit.The Internet address of the Website from which you linked directly to our site.These Web access logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and to insure the integrity of the data on our servers. We do not collect information through the use of Web browser cookies. With the exception of Web access and email log data that is collected from all visitors, we do not collect any information on-line from children.If you send us an E-mail or submit information in a Form:You may decide to send us personally identifying information (for example, your mailing address) in an electronic mail message or Web-based form requesting that information or products be mailed to you. Information collected in this manner is used solely for responding to your request unless noted in the specific Web page where your request is made. We do not share this information with any other party (government agencies, commercial and non-commercial entities, or the public) not directly involved in the processing of an order placed on our Web site. If the information is shared with a third party to process an online financial transaction, we require that third party to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Any information that you provide us in an email or through a form may be subject to disclosure under a Freedom of Information Act request pursuant to subpoena or court order. Form output submitted to databases or other data gathering mechanisms may be stored indefinitely. We also retain an email log of the time each message is received by the server, the source and destination address of each message, the time each message is forwarded, and the delivery status of each message. We will not use your e-mail address to create any type of mailing list or utilize your e-mail address for any reason other than to respond to your request. The email log may be retained indefinitely.Our Web site is hosted on our own servers, therefore form output and E-mails sent to us are transmitted to us via closed internal system. Those e-mails are not ever intercepted, read or stored by any Halquist Stone personnel other than those for whom they are intendedBe assured that any personal information you share with us will not be sold, transferred or disclosed to third parties without your prior consent. In the event that Halquist Stone Company is ever bought, sold, or merged with another entity, we reserve the right to transfer all of our collected information along with the rest of the assets of the Company to the new owner.For site management:Information from Web access and email logs is collected for "in aggregate" statistical purposes. This computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of sites, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.For site and Server Security:To ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic, to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, and to prevent denial of service attacks or other attacks intended to cause damage. Unauthorized modification of any information stored on this system may result in criminal prosecution.Certain accredited and/or approved outside parties have been granted limited FTP access to areas of our the Web servers that host our Web site for the purpose of updating other Web sites hosted on the same servers. That limited access allows for upload and modification of Web files to those accounts only (HTML pages, images and documents), but does not allow access to directories where executable files are stored. The ability to install and run executable files (anything that could crash the server or compromise its operation or security) is reserved exclusively for the developers of our Web site (Halquist Stone employees).LinksThis Web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every linked Web site as their privacy policies may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies solely to the Halquist Stone Web site.Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) PolicyThis Web site is not directed to children under 13 years old. The policy of Halquist Stone Company is to NOT knowingly try to collect any personal information from children under 13, including "individually identifiable information," as defined by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you are under 14 years of age, you should leave the Web site without filling out any of the forms on this Web site or otherwise providing any information about yourself. If Halquist Stone would knowingly collect personal information from children under 13, it would do so in accordance with COPPA.Notification of ChangesWe reserve the right to revise this privacy policy, and if that happens, we will post those changes on this Web site so our visitors and customers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us (see Contact Us below).Contact UsQuestions about our Privacy and Security policies may be directed to:Halquist Stone Company N51 W23563 Lisbon Road Sussex, WI. 53089Phone: 262-246-9000Email: info@halquiststone.com
©2020 Halquist Stone | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Sitemap