http://www.electrocube.com/policies/privacy-policy
Contact Online or Call (800) 515-1112
Contact Onlineor Call (800) 515-1112
About
Industries
Faces
Products
Careers
News
Publications
Shows
Film Capacitors
Capacitor Performance Chart
Audio-optimized Film Capacitors
Custom Film Capacitors
High Temperature Film Capacitors
pfc Precision Film Capacitors and Standards
Standard Film Capacitors
Bishop Electronics
F-Dyne
Seacor Capacitors
Seacor Commodity Capacitors
Seacor Electrolytic Capacitor Banks
Southern Electronics
RC Networks
EMI Filters
Transformers
Foil Transformers
Transformer Rectifier Units
Current Transformers
Sales & Design
Sales Distributors
Design
Manufacturing Reps
Certifications
Data Sheets
Check Stock
Contact Us
Privacy policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for all Electrocube, Inc. (“Us” or “We”) online assets, including electrocube.com and pages and applications accessible on LinkedIn. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by these websites and accessible Electrocube, Inc. content on LinkedIn. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, or to create and/or determine operational capabilities you may use to contact us, e.g. email, contact forms, mailing list sign-up forms, with third-party service providers, e.g. website developers, application developers, mail list service providers.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, events scheduled where Electrocube, Inc. will appear, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact form or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.We do not directly collect sensitive information (such as credit card data). However, when we use third-party services to secure sensitive information we work to ensure the information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees and licensed business contractors who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are maintained by a third party that offers secure locations for servers.OrdersWe request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide requested contact information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.CookiesWe reserve the right to use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.SharingWe share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.LinksThis website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, contact us immediately via telephone at (909) 595-4037 or online.
Request Sample
SEARCH
NEWSLETTER
For the latest news and company information, join our newsletter.
Subscribe »
Newsletter Archive »
CERTIFICATIONS
A trusted and accredited partner, Electrocube maintains the following certifications:
ISO9001 and AS9100D Registered
SBE Small Business Qualified
CCR, NAFTA and ITAR Registered
RESOURCES
Data Sheets
Certifications
Product Information
Custom Design
Documentation
COMPANY
About Electrocube
News
Careers
Newsletter
CONNECT
Contact Sales
Contact an Engineer
Find a Sales Rep
Customer Survey
BRANDS
Electrocube
Bishop Electronics
Seacor
F-Dyne
Southern Electronics
RESOURCES
Data SheetsCertificationsProduct InformationCustom DesignDocumentation
COMPANY
About ElectrocubeNewsCareersNewsletter
CONNECT
Contact SalesContact an EngineerFind a Sales RepCustomer Survey
BRANDS
ElectrocubeBishop ElectronicsSeacor F-DyneSouthern Electronics
|   Contact Us
|   Privacy Policy
|   Terms of Use
|   View Sitemap
|
Electrocube   © 2020, All Rights Reserved.