http://www.gainor.net/privacy_policy/
aligning talent with opportunity.
MENU
Find Talent
Search Jobs
Employee Profile
(212) 697-4145
Jobs
Profile
(212) 697-4145
WE ARE PASSIONATE ABOUT STAFFING
Privacy Policy
Gainor Temporaries, Inc. (herein Gainor) is committed to protecting the privacy of users of this Website. We use reasonable efforts to see that all information, identifying and otherwise, submitted to us by visitors, remains private and is used only for the purposes for which you submit it to us and as set forth in this website privacy policy (“Policy”). By using this Website, you are consenting to the processing of information as described in this Policy.
Gainor is located in the United States. If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), you should not use this Website. If you use this Website, it is an unauthorized use and you understand that your information is stored and transmitted outside of the EEA. Your information would be treated as described in this Policy, but you understand that this Website is not intended or authorized for use by users located in EEA and subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We believe our online users have a right to know what information we collect when you visit our Website. This Policy outlines the types of information we gather, how we gather your information, how we use it, with whom we might share it, general means by which we keep it secure, and choices you have about the information you share with us. This Policy covers only information that you submit to us electronically via the Website.
Please note that the Website may contain links to other websites not connected with Gainor that we believe you might find useful.  Gainor does not control or endorse those sites. Operators of such linked sites may sometimes gather information from you. We wish to caution you that you must take the responsibility for investigating and relying on the privacy policies of any such linked sites.
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Collect It?
Job Applicants: When you, as a job applicant, wish to seek a job through the Website you fill out an application online or in our offices. We collect information you submit online in connection with your efforts to seek a job. This information includes the information requested on the application form and may vary depending on what you choose to submit or the contents of your resume submitted with your application.  The information will, usually, include at least some or all of the following types of information:
Your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number
The industries, disciplines and geographic areas in which you are interested
Your job objective
The information you provide on the application or choose to include on your resume, including, but not limited to, current and past employment, education, hobbies and interests, and particular skills such as language skills
Employees: When you, as an employee (should you begin to work for us), communicate through the Website, we collect information you submit online in connection with your job assignments. This information will include:
Your availability for work
Acceptance of assignments
Your hours worked
How you want to be paid
Clients or Company Representatives: When you, as a client or company representative, wish to communicate through the Website we collect the information you submit.  This information includes:
Your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone/fax numbers
The types of services you are interested in obtaining
Specifics of job orders placed online
Approval of hours worked by temporaries assigned to your company
Because of the way that World Wide Web communication standards work, when you arrive at or leave the Website, we automatically receive the Web addresses of the site that you came from or are going to.  We also may collect information on which pages of the Website you visit while on the Website, the type of browser and device you use, your IP address, and the number of times you access the Website.  The information referred to in this paragraph is called “Website Traffic Information.”
How Do We Use the Information?
In the case of applicants, we make the information you submit (except Website Traffic Information), including your resume if submitted, available to prospective employers and others for the primary purpose for which the information was collected, which includes assisting you with your application for employment and/or job search. In the case of clients or company representatives, we may use your name, address, e-mail address or other information you submit to contact you about matters relevant to the reasons you submitted the information, normally to communicate with you about fulfilling your needs for temporary or permanent employees.
Gainor does not share personally identifiable information (“PII”), information that could be used to identify a person, with any nonaffiliated third parties other than for the primary purpose for which the information was collected, except with your express permission, or in the limited circumstances described below:
We may disclose information that we believe in good faith is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity, or to conduct investigations of violations of the Website’s Terms of Use. This means that if we conduct a fraud investigation and conclude that someone who has submitted information to us has engaged in deceptive practices, we may give that person’s contact information to interested parties who request it.
We may disclose information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, levy, attachment, order of a court-appointed receiver or other comparable legal process, including subpoenas from private parties in a civil action.
We may disclose information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
We may share aggregated, non-personal statistical data with others for public relations, marketing or other purposes.  Such data will not be tied to PII.
Gainor may use Website Traffic Information to try to understand your preferences and to manage the load on our servers, so as to improve our service and your experience on the Website.  Gainor may compile non-personal statistical information not tied to PII from Website Traffic Information to assist us in our marketing efforts.
In the event all, substantially all, or a part of Gainor’ business were sold, transferred, or disposed of (in accordance with legal proceedings, by merger or otherwise), user information, including PII, may, of course, become available to the purchaser or transferee and would be subject to its privacy policies which may be different from this Policy.
Correcting/ Updating Information
You may review, correct, modify or delete any information you submit to Gainor at any time by relaying your request to Gainor in any of the following ways:
Users can send an e-mail request to: info@Gainor.com
Postal mail can be sent to Gainor Temporaries Inc., 489 Fifth Avenue., 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10017, Attention: Presidents
Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Please note, however, that no transmission over the Internet can be 100% secure. Gainor also works to protect user information offline. Your information is housed in secure, access-restricted areas.  Only employees who need the information to perform specific functions are granted access to PII.  ALTHOUGH GAINOR WILL USE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO PROVIDE ALL OF THE FOREGOING SECURITY FEATURES, AND TO TREAT ALL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE POLICIES SET FORTH HEREIN, AS WITH VIRTUALLY ANY COMPUTER SYSTEM, THERE CAN BE NO ABSOLUTE ASSURANCE THAT SECURITY BREACHES WILL NOT OCCUR AND GAINOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY SUCH SECURITY BREACHES.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small data files sent to your computer to allow the Website to recognize you through your IP address as a Website user if you return to the Website using the same computer and browser or for other reasons.  This Website may use cookies for those purposes, but not to record PII.  Setting your browser to disable or disallow cookies may prevent or inhibit your full use of the Website.
Changes to the Online Privacy Policy
Gainor’ Policy may be changed at any time.  If we ever change the Policy, we will post the date of that change on this webpage. Significant changes to the Policy will be noted on the Website’s home page to provide notification to users.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about Gainor’ privacy practices or this Policy, please e-mail us at info@Gainor.net or contact us at our postal address described below.
Our postal address is:
The Gainor Group of Companies
Gainor Temporaries Inc.,
489 Fifth Avenue, 2nd Floor,
New York, NY 10017
Address all correspondence attention President.
Sign Up for ourActive Job Notifications!
Select Job Category
Administrative
Creative
Finance & Accounting
Human Resources
Marketing & Media
Reception Outsourcing
About Us
Our Specialties
Contact Us
T: T: (212) 697-4145
F: F: (212) 661-2485
489 Fifth Ave, New York, NY 10017
Site by Loewy
Home
About Us
Our Specialties
Human Resources
Creative, Media, Marketing
Administrative Staffing
Reception Outsourcing
Finance & Accounting
Clients
Candidates
Our Blog
Contact Us
Search Jobs
My Profile
Timesheets
Privacy Policy
CLOSE