https://www.charleswatts.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
In compliance with UK and European data protection regulations, this privacy policy explains what personal information we collect from you when you visit our website or are a recipient of our services.
CHARLES WATTS ENG. LTD is committed to processing personal information about its customers in ways that comply with its legal and regulatory obligations, and to being clear with customers about what it does with their personal information.
Data collection
CHARLES WATTS ENG. LTD may collect personal information which we receive when:
you use our website
you use our services
you contact us or
you are a recipient of our services.
We may collect the following types of information:
your name, address, email address, telephone number(s) and other contact details
information required to provide you with a service, and details of our services that you have used
your company’s name, your position in the company; the company’s address, company’s email address and telephone number
your payment information such as credit or debit card details and bank account details.
Website cookies
Although we aren’t currently using cookies, we may well use cookies on this website in the future. If we do so, then we will update this policy
Cookies are small files of letters or numbers downloaded onto a device when users access websites. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide service information to the owners of the site.
Why do we collect this information?
We collect your personal information to:
provide you with services that you may request from us.
meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
How do we collect this information?
We collect personal information:
directly from customers: e.g. when a customer signs up to receive our services or registers on our website
from publicly available sources: eg. social media, internet services
We are committed to keeping your information up to date as far as is reasonably possible. However if you believe that we have made an error, then please contact us as we have outlined below and we will use reasonable endeavours to correct.
Keeping your information safe and secure
CHARLES WATTS ENG. LTD is committed to keeping customers’ personal information secure to protect it from being inappropriately or accidentally accessed, used, shared or destroyed, and against it being lost.
Third party access
Access to your personal information is only allowed when required by law, we do not, and will never, sell or share your personal information with third parties.
Our Service Providers
This includes external third-party service providers, such as accountants, auditors, experts, lawyers and other outside professional advisors; IT systems, support and hosting service providers; printing, advertising, marketing outsourced service providers that assist us in carrying out business activities. All our systems are located within the UK or EEA.
How long do we keep personal information?
We will only retain customers’ personal information for as long as it needs it to carry out a particular purpose or meet a particular obligation.
Marketing
If you have consented to receive marketing information, you may opt out at a later date by writing to us at sales@charleswatts.co.uk You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, you should note that we do not have any control over these other websites. Once you have used any of these links to leave our site, therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting these sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Access to personal information
To make a request to CHARLES WATTS ENG. LTD for any personal information we may hold, we need you to contact us by writing to the address provided below:
CHARLES WATTS ENG. LTD
94 Somers Road
Rugby
CV22 7DH
Or by emailing us at sales@charleswatts.co.uk
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated in April 2018
How to contact us:
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or about information we hold about you:
By email : sales@charleswatts.co.uk
Or write to us at :
CHARLES WATTS ENG. LTD
94 Somers Road
Rugby
CV22 7DH
Make An Enquiry
Name:*
Company:*
Telephone:*
Email:*
Message:*