https://www.bambora.com/en/ca/privacy-policy/
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience when visiting our website. By continuing, you approve the use of cookies. Get more details.
Accept
Thank youSomeone will be in touch shortly.
Welcome to the world of payment solutions. Choose your country!AustraliaCanadaDenmarkFinlandNew ZealandNorwaySwedenUnited StatesGlobal
Canada
Australia
Canada
Denmark
Finland
New Zealand
Norway
Sweden
United States
GlobalEnglishFrench
English
English
FrenchFinnishSwedish
Finnish
Finnish
Swedish
Ok
Solutions
Our Customers
Resources
Get Help
Worldline
Login
Get Started
Solutions
Online Payments
The online payment stack to unlock your growth
Billing & Transfers
Automate and simplify your billing process
Onboard & Earn
Easily onboard your clients while earning commissions
Explore
Our API
Payment Types
Fraud & Security
Certifications & Compliance
Our Customers
Sports
Simplify payments for clubs, memberships, and management
Nonprofit
An easier way for nonprofits to accept donations
Food
Enable online and mobile payments for the food industry
Explore
Case Studies
Our Partners
Why Bambora?
Education
Resources
Learn
Your go to guide for payments education and industry tips
Help Docs
Support documentation to get you started and troubleshoot issues
Dev Docs
API and SDK integration documentation and guides
Explore
Payments 101
Create Test Account
Test Credit Card Numbers
Release Notes
Ideas PortalAt Bambora Inc., we are committed to protecting your personal information and safeguarding it in every transaction, at every level of our organization. We are responsible for personal information that we hold and have designated individuals to be accountable for our compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws.This privacy policy explains our general privacy practices that apply to the personal information we obtain about you, how we use and share that information and the steps we take to secure that personal information. We also provide information about how we can be contacted if a question arises about our privacy practices.This privacy policy is designed to meet the standards set out in Canada’s federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), including the ten principles set out in the Canadian Standards Association Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information, provincial privacy legislation and other applicable privacy and data protection laws.Principle 1 - Accountability Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes Principle 3 - Consent Principle 4 - Limiting Collection Principle 5 - Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention Principle 6 - Accuracy Principle 7 - Safeguarding Personal Information Principle 8 - Openness Principle 9 - Customer Access Principle 10 - Handling Complaints and SuggestionsWe always collect, use and disclose your personal information in a fair and lawful manner that is compatible with applicable privacy and data protection laws.WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?Personal information is information that can identify you, as an individual. This information includes your name, home address, home phone number, gender, date of birth, language preference, email address, credit card information, bank account information, account information with us, IP address or social media user name or identification.Information about your business title, business address, business telephone number, business email address or business fax number is not personal information.COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe collect personal information directly from you, indirectly from third parties and otherwise as permitted by applicable law. Bambora limits the information we collect about our customers and potential customers to what we need for internal business purposes only.The type of information we collect about you depends on the type of dealings you have with us. For example, if you:sign-up to purchase our services, we will collect your name, contact details, address and other information in order to enable us to provide you with access to our websites or our services;submit a request to us via email or through our websites, we will collect your email address, IP address, information about your location and any information you have included in the email or website form. We use your email address to acknowledge your request and/or reply to your questions;request information about our services or make a support request to us, we will collect your name, address, phone number, fax number and/or email addresses. This is for the purpose of contacting you for sales or support follow-up or, when you have specifically requested it, marketing or promotional materials about our services;request us to process a payment, we will collect your name, credit card number and other details required to verify the transaction. We restrict access to credit card information, and credit card numbers are not provided to merchants. In the event of a customer complaint or chargeback, transaction information will be provided to the merchant, bank or card issuer; andapply for a job with us, we will collect the information you include in your job application, including your cover letter, resume;We may also collect and use your personal information on the basis of our legitimate business interests, which may include collecting anonymized statistical information regarding your customer’s use of our websites or services. We may also use your personal information to detect, prevent or investigate security breaches or fraud and to protect our business. Any time we use your personal information for these purposes, we will consider the effect of those uses and will not proceed if there is a material impact on your rights and freedoms.We will identify the purpose for which we collect and use your personal information at or before the time the information is collected. We will obtain your consent prior to each specific use, except where consent is not required by applicable law. If we wish to use your information for any other purpose, and before collecting information from third parties such as credit bureaus, we will obtain your consent.Providing us with your personal information is always your choice and you may withdraw your consent at any time. However, some services and areas of our websites may require you to provide us with your personal information. If you choose not to provide us with your personal information or withdraw your consent in those instances, you may not be able to receive the full benefit of those services or access certain parts of our websites.WHAT IS A COOKIE?A cookie is a small computer file or piece of information that may be stored in your computer’s hard drive when you visit our websites. On the Bambora North America websites, cookies are used to increase robustness and to provide more efficient navigation. Cookies cannot view or retrieve data from other cookies, nor can they capture files and data stored on your computer.Cookies may be used by our websites to improve functionality and in some cases, to provide visitors with a customized online experience. Although cookies have the capability of accomplishing a variety of undertakings, Bambora only uses cookies when they provide an obvious benefit to you. Cookies help authenticate how the user and login information is stored so the user can enter and leave our websites without having to re-enter the same information again. Cookies are also used by the server to store information about user page activities, so you can easily pick up where you left off. We also use remarketing, retargeting and similar tools to monitor your visits to our websites and advertise to you online on websites across the internet.Bambora also uses Google Analytics which is a set of integrated data-and-marketing analysis products that lets us analyze consumer behavior, develop relevant insights, and then provide a more engaging brand experience. Bambora’s use of Google Analytics is to collect top-level information about how you use our websites. Google Analytics provides the information we need to improve the user experience and serve up the content our visitors find most useful. The Google Analytics cookies store information about what pages you visit, how long you spend on our website, how you got there and what you click on.Our cookies do not collect or store your personal information, so this information cannot be used to identify you. For an overview of privacy at Google click here.If you would like to browse the Bambora websites, you may do so without accepting cookies. However, if you choose not to accept cookies, some areas of the Bambora websites may not function properly or optimally.Cookies are widely used, and most web browsers are configured initially to accept cookies automatically. If you prefer not to accept cookies, you may adjust your browser settings to alert you when a cookie is about to be sent, or you may configure your browser to refuse cookies automatically. If you would like to learn more about how to set your cookie options, please refer to your browser's documentation or online help for instructions. Alternatively, you may opt-out of the use of third-party cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe may share your personal information for the purposes set out in this privacy policy or otherwise notified to you at the time you provide your personal information, including:the purposes you where you have provided your consent;to financial institutions for processing payments;to our suppliers, third-party service providers or agents who assist us in serving you, including for telephone support or data storage or processing; andwhere we are required or permitted to do so by law.Bambora does not sell or trade your personal information to third parties.Bambora reserves the right (and you authorize us) to share or disclose your Personal Information when we determine, in our sole discretion, that the disclosure of such information is necessary or appropriate, including to enforce our rights against you or in connection with a breach by you of this privacy policy or to prevent prohibited or illegal activities. Further, Bambora may disclose personal information if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so.Additionally, Bambora reserves the right to disclose and to transfer Personal Information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale, merger, amalgamation, or any other type of acquisition, disposition, or financing of all or any portion of Bambora or any of the assets or shares of Bambora, provided that the third party represents that it will continue to use the information for the purposes set out in this privacy policy and in accordance with applicable privacy laws.STORING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONPersonal information that we collect or that is provided to us is stored in Canada on our on-premises data centers and with AWS Cloud Services located in Canada. Where you request us to process a transaction on your behalf, your personal information is transferred to our third party banking partners, who may process your personal information outside of Canada. Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate safeguards and security measures are in place so that your privacy rights continue to be protected as set out in this privacy policy.MARKETINGWhere you have provided your consent, we may use your personal information to let you know about us and our products and services, including promotions, special offers and events. If you have consented to receive marketing or promotional materials, you may opt out at any time.Where you have consented to receiving marketing communications from us, your consent will remain current until you advise us otherwise. However, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time, by:using the unsubscribe feature that we include in our electronic marketing messages, such as emails; orusing any of our contact forms found on our websites; orcontacting us via email at: marketing.northamerica@bambora.com; orby visiting https://grow.na.bambora.com/email-preference to choose your preferences.PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe protect your personal information with appropriate safeguards and security measures. Only those employees involved in processing data have access to personal information. Any employee found in violation of our security or privacy policy is subject to disciplinary action.We do our utmost to protect and safeguard your personal information. However, as no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as completely secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us and you do so at your own risk.We believe there are measures you should take as well to protect yourself against fraud and uninvited intrusion. For example, to ensure the passwords you use are encrypted and to not share personal information with others unless you clearly understand the purpose of their request. Bambora does not contact customers by email or telephone requesting to provide sensitive data such as your personal information, banking and credit card details, and passwords.RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary in order to manage our relationship with you, fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as necessary or as permitted or required by law. At the end of this period, your personal information will either be deleted or anonymized.YOUR RIGHTSYou may make a request to us to access, update, delete or correct your personal information. You may also have the right to object to our processing of your personal information, request us to restrict the use or disclosure of your personal information or ask for your personal information to be provided to you in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format. Before Bambora is able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies or otherwise respond to your requests, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. We will endeavour to respond to your request within an appropriate timeframe and you will be provided with a written response.Bambora relies on customers or users of our websites and services to provide accurate, complete and up-to-date personal information and to provide updates on changes to their personal information. Your personal information is also available on the “Company Info” section of our websites and you may update this information at any time.CONTACTING USIf you have a question, request or concern about privacy, confidentiality or the personal information handling practices of Bambora, our employees or service suppliers, please contact us at:ATTN: Bambora Privacy Officer#200-1803 Douglas St,Victoria BC, V8T 5C3email: privacy.northamerica@bambora.comCOMPLAINTSIf you have any questions about our handling of your personal information or you believe that we have not complied with this privacy policy, please contact our Privacy Officer, by one of the means listed above.Any complaint must be in writing. Within a reasonable time after receipt of the complaint, our Privacy Officer will conduct an investigation into the complaint. After the investigation, we will take appropriate measures to rectify the complaint, if required.Within a reasonable time after conclusion of the investigation, our Privacy Officer will inform you of:the result of the investigation; andany appropriate measures we will take to rectify the complaint.Alternatively, you may make a compliant to your applicable privacy or data protection authority, although they may decline to hear the complaint if you have not first made a complaint directly to us. Details of the applicable Canadian privacy commissioners can be accessed from here, while the equivalent EU authorities are listed hereUPDATING THIS PRIVACY POLICYBambora will continue to review this privacy policy to ensure it remains current with changing laws and regulations while meeting the evolving needs of customers. In the event of any amendment to the privacy policy, an email will be sent, and a notice will be posted within this page. If you continue to use our services or websites following an amendment to the privacy policy, you will be deemed to have consented to the updated privacy policy.