http://www.stadriemblems.com/privacy_policy/
Log InTrack My Orders 1-800-679-7909 StadriEmblems.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests. To quickly process your transactions.To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.How do we protect visitor information?We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We use regular Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.Do we use 'cookies'?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled, however, it won't affect the user experience.Third Party DisclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.Third party linksWe do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under 13.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business daysWe also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service. Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurredTo be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used. Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each emailIf at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from all promotional correspondence.Intellectual Property RightsWe at Stadri Emblems Inc. and their affiliates, (collectively, “Stadri Emblems”) understand the importance of protecting Customer (including prospective Customer) Intellectual Property rights. For purposes herein, Intellectual Property shall be defined as including, but not limited to all information, data, inventions, software, drawings, reports, manuals, procedures, copyright, trade secret, patent, trademarks and other intellectual property rights therein. Stadri Emblems acknowledges and agrees that Customer’s Intellectual Property shall remain the property of the Customer, or applicable owner, and that Stadri Emblems has not and will not acquire any proprietary rights thereto by reason
of any services performed under the Work Order (“Order”), including but not limited to the processing of the Order.
Similarly, Customer acknowledges and agrees that all Intellectual Property owned or controlled by Stadri Emblems shall remain the property of Stadri Emblems, and that Customer has not and will not acquire any proprietary rights thereto. Upon Stadri Emblems receipt of full payment from the Customer, the Work Order, including without limitation all Intellectual Property rights in the work, will be the sole and exclusive property of the Customer, and the Customer will be deemed to be the author thereof. Stadri Emblems and Customer further warrant they will not knowingly infringe upon the Intellectual Property rights of the other. The foregoing notwithstanding, Customer grants Stadri Emblems a limited, non-exclusive, revocable (at any time, at Customer’s sole discretion) right to use Customer’s Intellectual Property as necessary solely for the performance of services related to Customer’s Order. Subject to the foregoing, Stadri Emblems shall also have the limited right to use Customer’s name and/or Customer’s copyrighted, trademarked or other designated logos or marks on Stadri Emblems website, marketing materials or press releases for the purpose of advertising, publicity, promotion or representing that Customer is one of Stadri Emblems customers. Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Stadri Emblems
1760 Glasco Turnpike
Woodstock, NY 12498
USA
sales@stadriemblems.com
1-800-679-7909Last Edited on 2017-08-01×How To Apply Heatseal (Iron-on) Patches to Garments1) Wash fabric first. Fabric softener should not be used.2) Set iron to cotton setting. Do not use steam, and remove water from iron. 3) Lay your garment out on a hard, heat tolerant surface. A padded ironing board is not hard
enough. Try placing a cutting board above padding. 4) Place heatseal side of patch onto fabric in desired placement area. Iron design for
approximately 30-60 seconds, applying pressure. Do not move iron side to side as this may cause
design to shift. Heavier fabrics may require more time, and lighter fabrics may require less
time. 5) Allow time to cool, then make sure entire surface area is applied to fabric. If all pieces
did not adhere, reapply heat for an additional 20-30 seconds. Allow to cool. 6) Turn garment inside out and apply iron to back of design area for approximately 30 seconds.
Wait 48 hours before washing, and turn garment inside out when doing so.Close