http://www.gravely.com/en-us/help
SHIPPING AND HANDLING
ORDERS
RETURNS
FAQ
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY
SHIPPING AND HANDLING
All gravely.com online parts orders are currently shipped ground within the 48-contiguous United States.
Shipping & Handling Fees
Orders $39.99 or less flat fee of $9.99
Orders $40.00 or more receive free shipping
Currently, gravely.com online parts only serve customers in the 48-contiguous United States. Standard ground shipping is currently not available for Hawaii or Alaska via our ecommerce site. Please contact Gravely Customer Service online or at 877.904.4069 for alternate shipping options and prices to ship to these locations. For details about purchasing parts outside of the United States please contact your local Gravely dealer or distributor.
Orders that are oversized that cannot be shipped via standard ground shipping are shipped via an alternate means and you pay actual freight charges. Oversized items are flagged online and currently cannot be purchased via the website. An alternative option is to contact your local Gravely dealer to see if they have your part in stock and available for pick-up.
Other Shipping Methods
Additional shipping methods available include Next Day and Second Day Air. Actual shipping charges apply for other shipping methods, included expedited delivery services. For expedited shipping please contact
Gravely Customer Service online or at 877.904.4069.
Unexpected shipping delays can occur due to inclement weather. In these cases Gravely is not responsible for refunding freight charges.
Sales Tax
By law, Gravely must collect sales tax on all orders shipped to addresses within the states of Alabama, Florida, Indiana, Minnesota, Nebraska, New York, North Carolina, Washington, and Wisconsin.
Payment Information
We only accept Visa® and MasterCard®, American Express® and Discover® credit card for internet and phone orders. Your credit card will be charged at the time of shipment.
Note: In the rare event of a pricing error, Gravely reserves the right to charge the correct price. We also reserve the right to change prices without notice should market commodity conditions unforeseeably change.
Ordering Terms
Claims
We take great care in filling, checking and packing your order. On rare occasions, a package may be damaged or lost in transit. Please contact Gravely Customer Service online or at 877.904.4069.
Limited Warranty
All Gravely Service (replacement) parts and accessories are subject to a 90-day limited consumer warranty. If you believe you’ve received a defective part and need to file a warranty claim, please contact  Gravely Customer Service online or at 877.904.4069.
ORDERS
To ensure Gravely provides you with the right parts, we encourage you to have your product model and serial number on hand as you make your purchase. If you are having trouble finding your model and serial number, visit our How to Identify Model and Serial Number Guid.
If you know the specific part number or part name you are looking for, you can search for it via the search options on the Gravely Parts Store homepage.
To place an order online, find the items you wish to purchase and add each item to your shopping cart by clicking the item’s “Buy Now” button.
Once your shopping cart contains all of the items you wish to order, view your cart by clicking the cart icon in the top right corner, below the red 'find a dealer' button, and click Secure Checkout.
Order Status
To check the status of your order, you must first create an account on gravely.com prior to purchasing. Once logged into your account, any purchases you’ve made while logged into that account, will be available by clicking on your name in the top right corner, next to the cart icon, and clicking on “My Orders & Wishlist”.
Ship Time
All orders received can expect to be received within 2 business days from ship date unless it is a make-on-order part*. Orders placed on Saturday or Sunday will not be processed until the following business day.
*Make-on-order parts are items that will be manufactured to lead time after order entry if no stock is available and includes items such as snow housings, frames, and other low volume parts. Made to order parts must be ordered from an authorized Gravely dealer.
RETURNS
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CUSTOMER DIRECT AND E-COMMERCE PARTS ORDERS
This policy reflects only parts sold directly through gravely.com. Parts sold through authorized Ariens/Gravely independent dealerships, including drop shipped orders, must be handled through the authorized dealers from which they were ordered.
CANCELLATION OF ARIENSCO DIRECT CUSTOMER PART ORDERS
Cancellation of an order cannot occur if it has already been picked or shipped from the Gravely Distribution Centers. If a picked and/or shipped order is cancelled, the customer is responsible for the outbound and return shipping charges, in addition to any restocking charge.
HOW TO RETURN AN GRAVELY.COM DIRECT CUSTOMER PARTS ORDER
A Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) from Gravely Customer Service is required on all returns. To request and initiate an RMA, log into your Gravely.com account, click on 'my orders and wishlist' Find the order containing the part you wish to return and click the button labeld  "Return" and fill out the online form.
A Gravely Customer Service representative will respond via email within 2 business days with instructions for processing your return (hours of operation are Monday thru Friday from 7:00 A.M. to 4:30 P.M. Central Time). A copy of your RMA must be included with all parts returns. Any return received without a RMA is at your own risk and Gravely assumes no responsibility for the item(s).
PLEASE NOTE
Returns received for the following reasons will not incur a restocking fee – incorrect determination of part numbers as a result of errors in parts drawings, Gravely agent information, duplication of orders, and certain shipping errors determined by Gravely.
Returns are subject to a restocking fee of 15%. Shipping and handling charges are not refundable. The customer is responsible for all return shipping charges.
Return of parts must be made within 30 days of the order’s receipt. No returns are accepted after 30 days.
No returns accepted on electrical components, paints, oils, chemicals, belts, tires, gaskets, gasket sets or seals. All these  sales are final.
No returns accepted on parts which have been installed and/or used and removed, or removed from a kit or assembly. All these sales are final.
REFUNDS
Return refunds can be only credited back to the credit or debit card on which the order was placed. If the card is later invalid, a credit may be issued by check within 30 days after RECEIPT OF PARTS return to Gravely.
PLEASE NOTE
The returns are determined, in whole, at the discretion of Gravely.
Damaged shipping boxes which result in damaged parts must immediately be reported to Gravely.
For additional questions reply through your original order confirmation email or contact Gravely Customer Service at 877.904.4069.
FAQ
How do I create an account?
Click the “Register” link at the top right side of our site and click the “Register” button.
Enter your contact information and create a password.
From the My Account screen, you can manage your profile, shipping, and past orders.
How do I edit my account information?
Log into your gravely.com account
Click the first box, “Profile & Password”
Here you can edit your account email, name, password and stored shipping addresses.
How do I reset my password?
If you DO know your current password:
Click the Sign In link at the top right corner of the Parts page.
Log into your account
Click the first box, “Profile and Password”
Click the red text link, “Change Password”
Enter your current password and then your new password twice to verify it.
Click the red Save button
If you DO NOT know your current password:
Click the Sign In link at the top right corner of the Parts page.
Click the red ‘Forgot Password’ text link
Enter the email used for the account and click the red Submit button
Follow the instructions in the email you receive to reset your account password
How much is shipping?
Please review our  shipping policy.
How do I return my product?
Please review our  return policy.
When will a credit from a return appear on my account?
Credits usually take 7-10 business days from the time we receive your item(s).
How can I get a copy of my receipt/invoice?
Click the Sign In link at the top right side of the gravely.com site.
Under My Orders, click the Print Invoices link.
Select your desired invoice and click Print
Will Gravely sell my name and address to other companies?
We do not sell information to other companies. This information will only be used by Ariens Company. To learn more please read our Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
Hours
The Ariens Customer Service team is available during the following hours:
Monday through Friday: 7:00 A.M. to 4:30 P.M. Central Standard Time (CST)
Closed Saturday and Sunday
Telephone
Contact Ariens Customer Service at 877-904.4069
Email
You may contact the Gravely support team using the Gravely support portal.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Visit the Ariens Company Terms and Conditions page to learn more.
PRIVACY POLICY
Visit the Ariens Company Privacy Policy page to learn more.
Get out ahead with the latest news and promotions from Gravely
Sign Up