http://www.eventadv.com/pages/privacy-policy
Email: info@eventadv.com
Tel: +44 (0)20 7613 5890
Quick enquiry
Name:
Company:
Email:
Phone:
Message:
This form collects your name, company, email and phone number so that our team can communicate with you and provide assistance. Please check our Privacy Policy to see how we protect and manage your submitted data.
By completing and submitting this form you give consent to have EAS Registration collect your details via this form
Home
>
Privacy Policy
At Event Advantage Solutions, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website. We are not in the business of selling, renting or trading our databases with other companies and business for sales or marketing purposes. In this Privacy Policy we’ve provided detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
Types of data we collect
Website Cookies
Like most websites, EAS websites use cookies to collect information.  Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website.  They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites and collect information about browsing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device so that we can continue to develop and improve this website.  This includes statistical information regarding the use of our website and does not collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details.
Kentico
ASP.NET_SessionId
Keeps the user session ID for security reasons.
CMSCsrfCookie
Store's a security token that the system uses to validate all form data submitted via POST requests. Helps protect against Cross site request forgery.
CMSCurrentTheme
Stores the name of the current visual theme to provide proper design to the dialog windows.
CMSLandingPageLoaded
Indicates that the landing page has already been visited and the Landing page activity is not logged again for the current visitor. Expires after 20 minutes and the expiration period of the key is renewed every time the website is accessed again.
CMSPreferredCulture
Stores the visitor's preferred content culture.
CMSUserPage
Stores the IDs (DocumentID, NodeID) of the last visited page. Used for logging landing and exit page web analytics and activities.
VisitorStatus
Indicates if the visitor is new or returning. Used for tracking the visitors statistic in Web analytics.
Website analytics
_ga
Used to distinguish users.
_gat
Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_.
_gid
Used to distinguish users.
HotJar
_hjIncludedInSample
This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate Heatmaps, Funnels, Recordings, etc.
Twitter
Our twitter feed sets up a cookie using the OAuth platform. The OAuth platform is an open protocol to allow secure API authorization in a simple and standard method from desktop and web applications.
You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit, doing this may reduce your browsing quality and some features of the site may not function properly.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.eventadv.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not allow Google to make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
Lead Forensics
We use Lead Forensics to identify the public IP address of visitors to our website via a line of Java script inserted into webpages. Lead Forensics uses the IP address to tell us the corporate information of the organisation registered to that IP address (individuals are not identified.) Lead Forensics also records the activities undertaken by these visitors on our websites. This information may be used by our businesses for follow up marketing with relevant individuals at the organisations.
Mailing Lists
As part of the sign-up process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to send you the information that you have requested, to contact you if you have a legitimate interest in our products and services, we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with third party organisations and businesses.
We use MailChimp and SendBlaster to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing Nicky Hale.
Links To Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to Nicky Hale at nicky@eventadv.com
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018.