https://www.rugdoctor.com/privacy-policy/
×
FOLLOW US @
Sign up to get special offers, coupons, tips & more.
Skip to content
RENT
FIND A LOCATION
CARPET & INDOOR MACHINES
OUTDOOR MACHINES
FORMULAS
BUY
SHOP
MACHINES
SOLUTIONS
PARTS & ACCESSORIES
SUPPORT
OFFERS
BLOG
Find A Rental Location:
RENT
BUY
SUPPORT
OFFERS
BLOG
Find A Rental Location:
close
No products in the cart.
home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 30, 2020
Your Privacy Matters To Us
At Rug Doctor, LLC, including its subsidiaries (Rug Doctor Limited and Easy-Way Ltd.) and licensees (collectively, “Rug Doctor”), we respect and are committed to protecting your privacy in all aspects of our business, and we hope you will take the time to read this Privacy Policy, which explains what personal information we collect from you and how we use and disclose that information. “Personal information” is any information that identifies you or would enable someone to contact you, which may include your name, email address, phone number and other non-public information that is associated with such information. It does not include publicly available information from government records, de-identified or aggregated consumer information, aggregate information, anonymous information or any other non-personally identifiable information. The following is Rug Doctor’s Privacy Policy:
Information We Collect Or Track
Rug Doctor collects Personal Information that you provide to us directly when you conduct business with us, including via telephone, fax, email, upon completion of a rental form or product registration/warranty form, participation in giveaways/events/contests/offers/questionnaires/newsletters, or through your use of and interaction with us on the Rug Doctor websites (rugdoctor.com, rdrent.com, flexclean.com, rugdoctorcommercial.com, and rugdoctor.co.uk, collectively “Websites”), or our in-store rental kiosks. We access the Personal Information internally on source repositories such as our Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Customer Relationship Management (CRM), document databases, billing platforms, or via other technology.
Rug Doctor may use information collected through the Rug Doctor platforms, including Usage Information and Personal Information, to: 1) allow you to participate in features we offer or to provide related customer services, including to communicate with you about any inquiries or requests you submit to us; 2) recognize you across the Rug Doctor platforms and across devices; 3) tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you, including location-based offers, both on the Rug Doctor platforms and elsewhere online; 4) process a rental, purchase, or other transaction; 5) provide you with information, products, or services that you have requested or that we think may interest you, including through email, text message, and notifications on your device; 6) investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies; 7) process your rental and warranty registration, including verifying your information is active and valid; 8) improve the Rug Doctor platforms or our services for internal business purposes; 9) contact you with regard to your use of the Rug Doctor platforms or any Rug Doctor service and, in our discretion, changes to the Rug Doctor platform policies; and 10) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent. We may also use and share non-personal information at our discretion and we may use non-personal information, including information that has been de-identified (typically by using a mathematical process known as a “hash”), to make inferences about you and offers and content you may be interested in, to serve you with relevant advertising, and to allow others to do so.
Purpose of Data Use
Rug Doctor is committed to providing you an outstanding experience with our products, our brand and our people. The information that we collect helps us to create more relevant communication, improve processes/service, improve current products and generate ideas for new innovation.
Customers provide us with Personal Information through a variety of touchpoints – when you fill out a rental form, place an order to purchase products online, complete a warranty registration form, apply for a special offer, participate in a give-away/contest/event, contact our customer service team via phone, chat or email, complete a questionnaire, review one of our products on our website, or update your account information/preferences.
We may ask you to provide information when you interact with us, including contact information and other Personal Information, payment information (for example, credit or debit card information), demographic information (for example, your name, age, address, email address, contact phone number, time/date/location of rental, or similar information.) We also ask you provide us with information about your household – whether you own pets, have children at home or have moved or are moving. Answering those questions is optional – but it helps us better understand your cleaning needs and interests for future products. We may also collect Personal Information from you when you interact with our customer service team over the phone or though chat or if you respond to our text messages.
Rug Doctor uses the Personal Information you share with us in a number of ways that make your experience with Rug Doctor products effective and efficient. Specifically, Rug Doctor collects Personal Information for customers, employees, and vendors for an assortment of business related purposes that most frequently support customer use of our products and services, enable us to manage employees, or adhere to multinational regulations where we conduct business. For example, we provide customer service/support for our products, we answer questions and respond to requests, we remind you about rental due dates/time, and we provide customer account management, fraud prevention, watch list screening, and customer issue resolution. With your permission we send emails with offers/a notification that it has been 1 year since your last rental/cleaning tips, newsletters with other product announcements. Your feedback on questionnaires enable us to identify improvements to products and services – and we will sometimes send you a thank you with offers/coupons via mail or email. Your input also helps us personalize and enhance the way you shop/use our products – and we might share content/products/offers that we think you might like via email, on our website, and on social media platforms.
Rug Doctor uses the Personal Information provided to us in order to improve the quality of the Websites, provide you with customized content according to your preferences, and provide anonymous aggregate reporting for customers, including disclosing some aggregate information and user statistics to current and prospective customers, advertisers, and content partners in order to describe our products and services.
Rug Doctor may also use e-mail addresses and other information, like your telephone number, to respond to users who communicate with us for support purposes or otherwise. If you choose to correspond with Rug Doctor through e-mail or phone, Rug Doctor may retain the content of the correspondences, the e-mail addresses, and its responses.
Rug Doctor may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain information whenever you visit any Rug Doctor kiosk or otherwise interact with us or our content (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include the hardware model, browser, and operating system you are using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to the Rug Doctor kiosk you are visiting, all of the areas within the Rug Doctor platforms that you visit, your time zone, location information, and mobile network (if applicable), among other information, In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for any computer, mobile phone or other device you use to access our Rug Doctor platforms. In some cases, we may directly collect location information through your device. You may be able to turn off the collection of location information through the settings on your device. Usage is generally non-identifying, but if Rug Doctor associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person, Rug Doctor treats it as Personal Information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
We collect non-personally identifiable traffic data (“Non-PII”) from our Websites. Non-PII includes, but is not limited to, information such as your IP address, web pages on the Websites which have been viewed by you, date and time, domain type, and the URL of the website from which you entered the Website. This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and web beacons. Rug Doctor uses Non-PII to help diagnose problems with its server, analyze trends, and administer the Websites.
Your IP address is not linked by Rug Doctor to PII, but it is used to gather broad demographic data and to monitor statistics to improve our products and services. IP addresses are also used to provide an audit trail in the case of any attempted illegal or unauthorized use of the Websites and to improve how we purchase media and target our communications.
Cookies and Web Beacons
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk to enable saving of your website preferences and for other record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to enjoy certain features of the Websites. You will need to check your browser’s settings for further information.
A “web beacon” consists of a small string of software code that represents an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1-pixel x 1-pixel, that is placed on a website or in an e-mail.
Rug Doctor uses cookies to deliver content specific to end user interests and, with user permission, to save passwords to prevent the need for you to re-enter your password each time you visit that Website. Rug Doctor uses cookies or web beacons to collect anonymous data such as site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising auditing and reporting, and personalization. Cookies and web beacons help Rug Doctor understand, report, and enhance your experience while on the Websites. The cookie transmits this information back to the website’s computer (or server). You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or to limit the type of cookies you allow. For more information, please see the FTC’s guidance on cookies and other forms of online tracking here.
Flash LSOs
We use local storage objects (LSOs) to store content information and preferences. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use LSOs to collect and store information.
Various browsers may offer their management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here.
Third Parties and the Advertising Service
Rug Doctor works with advertising companies who deliver ads for us on the Websites or through content that is accessible via the Websites. Such advertising companies may use cookies and/or web beacons to uniquely distinguish your web browser and keep track of information relating to serving ads on your web browser, such as the type of ads shown and the web pages on which the ads appeared. Rug Doctor may, and may allow third parties to, employ cookies or web beacons to compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of the promotional campaigns or other operations of the Websites. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. We do not grant any third parties the right to collect or access your Personal Information using cookies or web beacons, but these companies collect and use information under their privacy policies. Rug Doctor encourages you to be aware of the privacy policies of these companies before you choose to allow them to place a cookie or web beacon for your web browser. You should also consult these companies’ privacy policies if you wish to opt-out of receiving cookies or web beacons from these companies. Rug Doctor has no access to or control over these third parties’ cookies or web beacons.
Sweepstakes, Contests, And Promotions
Rug Doctor may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules that govern the Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you (including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, as required by law, or as permitted by the Promotion’s terms or official rules (such as on a winners list).
Employment Applications
If you apply for a job through the Rug Doctor platforms, we or our service provider(s) may ask you to provide self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender, and ethnicity) in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide such information, we and/or our service provider may submit that information to the appropriate government or regulatory agencies to fulfill reporting requirements and use that information to defend against employment-related complaints.
Please note that we may utilize a career portal that is operated by a third-party, in which case your use of the career portal will be subject to the third party’s privacy practices as disclosed on the portal, and not to this party.
Sharing Of Information
Sharing of Information by Rug Doctor
Rug Doctor will not share, sell, rent or trade Personal Information collected on the Websites or from our customer. We will not share your Personal Information with any individuals or non-affiliate companies except in the following circumstances:
Legal Compliance. We may share your data if required or necessary by law. We may also do so to exercise, defend, or protect our, your, or others’ rights. Rug Doctor will cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, other government agency inquiries and requests, and criminal or civil subpoenas. Rug Doctor will also disclose your Personal Information when necessary to comply with state and federal laws and regulations. Rug Doctor may also disclose information to exercise or defend our legal rights, to protect the security of our Services and business, to investigate and prevent illegal or tortious activity, to protect the property or safety of Rug Doctor or others, to respond to an emergency, to enforce Rug Doctor agreements or other policies, and to otherwise protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of Rug Doctor, our customers, or a third party.
Sale or Other Transfer. We may share your data if some or all of our business is sold, acquired, or merged with another company. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell some or all of our assets and, depending on the transaction, your Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets. Similarly, if Rug Doctor should ever merge with or be acquired by another company, we may share your Personal Information with any entity resulting from such transaction. Any entity that acquires your data in this manner will have the right to use your data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Separately, if Rug Doctor should ever file for bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee has the right to sell the information you provide to us to a third party. By providing your information, you understand and agree that we may transfer such information to the acquiring entity without your further consent.
Aggregation. Rug Doctor may share aggregated usage and demographic information collected. However, no Personal Information will be included in these aggregations.
Affiliated Business We Do Not Control. We are affiliated with a variety of businesses that jointly provide products or services with Rug Doctor. When an affiliated business is associated with your transaction, we will share information that is related to such transactions with that affiliated business.
Sharing Your Own Information with Others
If you choose to post comments to blogs, forums, or other editorial sections of the Websites, any information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of such website. So, when using blogs, forums, newsletters, other editorial sections of the Websites, or otherwise posting information online, we urge you to think carefully about including any information (name, address, passwords, medical information, or otherwise) that might be used to identify you or your family members. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit through these features.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone, you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Disclaimer
We cannot guarantee the security of your data. Please see the measures we take in the “Security” section below.
We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal data will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be required to disclose Personal Information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmission of private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your Personal Information that they collect from the Websites.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets
The Websites may include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on the Websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Additional Information
Rug Doctor’s Websites may contain links to other sites. Rug Doctor is not responsible for the privacy practices, the content or the products and services offered by such websites. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your PII by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as Rug Doctor. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to the Websites, you should read that site’s privacy statement before providing any Personal Information.
Age Restrictions; Children’s Privacy
Rug Doctor’s Websites are not for use of anyone under the age of 13.
Rug Doctor’s Websites are not for use for anybody under the age of 13. By using Rug Doctor’s Websites, you verify that you are over the age of 13 and in compliance with this provision. Rug Doctor will not knowingly collect or use Personal Information from anyone under 13 years of age. If Rug Doctor obtains actual knowledge that it has obtained Personal Information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be permanently deleted from our records. Children under the age of 13 should not post in any of the blogs, forums, or other editorial sections of the Rug Doctor Websites.
Choice / Opt Out
You have choices about how your data is collected, the ability to delete certain data, and the ability to close your account. Depending upon your choices to opt-out, it may limit your ability to use or rent Rug Doctor products.
Cookies. You may be able to delete and/or turn off cookies as your browser or device permits. Unless you block or control cookies going forward, deleting cookies will only address cookies on your device at that moment. If you disable cookies entirely, Rug Doctor’s Websites may not function properly. Please note that other tracking technologies, such as device fingerprinting, are not stopped or impacted by turning off or deleting cookies.
FlashSome newer versions of browsers will let you control and/or delete Flash cookies. If you use a browser or device that does not let you delete Flash cookies, then try Adobe’s Website Storage Settings. Similar to regular cookies, deleting Flash cookies will only address the Flash cookies on your device at that moment. Please note that other tracking technologies, such as device fingerprinting, are not stopped or impacted by turning off or deleting Flash cookies.
Other Tracking Technologies.You may be able to turn off and/or delete some scripting functionality as your browser or device permits. If you disable scripting functionality, Rug Doctor’s Websites may not function properly. Please note that other tracking technologies, such as device fingerprinting, are not stopped or impacted by turning off some script functionality.
Opting Out from Interest-Based Ads. US residents may visit aboutads.info/choices to opt out of interest-based advertising by companies participating in the DAA self-regulatory program and European Union residents may opt-out of interest-based advertising by companies participating in the EDAA at www.youronlinechoices.com. Your browser must accept third-party cookies before opting out. You can also express your choices through the following platforms: IAB opt-out platform, Network Advertising Initiative opt-out platform, Digital Advertising Alliance platform that provide options to express your choices for all companies that are registered in this platform. Please note that if you disable the display of personalized ads from Rug Doctor and other advertising partners, you will continue to receive ads that are less relevant to your interests/browsing behavior.
Opting Out for Application Data. To opt out of interest-based advertising on mobile apps, US residents may download the DAA’s AppChoices application from the Android or Apple app store.
Opting Out for Location Data.You may opt out of precise location data by using the location services controls in your mobile device’s settings. Please note that this does not impact geolocation inferences, which may be possible through IP address information.
Opting out of push / local notifications. We may send push or local notifications to your device to provide updates and relevant messages. You may be able to manage notifications from the Websites, apps or through your device.
Effect of Opting Out. You will need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a different device, use a different browser, or erase cookies from your browser.
Unsubscribing from emails. You may opt out at any time by using the Opt-Out or Unsubscribe option at the bottom of most of our mass email communications, or by visiting https://www.rugdoctor.com/unsubscribe/.
You may also choose to close your account at any time.
Security
Although we work to protect your data, we cannot warrant or ensure its ultimate security.
Rug Doctor has implemented a variety of security measures to protect Personal Information received by Rug Doctor, including containing all Personal Information behind its secured server network and limiting its accessibility to a limited number of authorized persons who have special access rights to such systems. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. So, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We use what we believe to be appropriate procedures to protect information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, information you elect to post on Rug Doctor’s Websites, emails and other information you send to us are not encrypted and such transmissions cannot be considered a secure means of transmitting sensitive information.
You should be aware of the limitations of security, authentication, encryption, and privacy measures used in connection with the Internet and that any information you transmit through Rug Doctor’s Websites may be damaged, corrupted, “sniffed” and/or accessed by another person without your permission. Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your Personal Information that they collect from Rug Doctor’s Websites. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information or private communications will always remain private. We cannot ensure or warrant the ultimate security of any information you transmit.
File A Complaint
If for some reason you believe Rug Doctor has not adhered to the principles of this Privacy Policy, please notify us at privacy@rugdoctor.com. For those in the EU / EEA, also send complaints or questions to privacy@rugdoctor.com.
Users In The European Union And European Economic Area
If you are in the EU / EEA, then this section applies to you.
Personal Data
“Personal Data” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person in the European Union (“EU”) and European Economic Area (“EEA”).
Data Controller
Rug Doctor is the data controller of Personal Data you provide on our Websites. You may contact Rug Doctor via email at privacy@rugdoctor.com or by mail at:
Rug Doctor, LLC
ATTN: Data Privacy Team/Legal Department 2201 West Plano Parkway Suite 100 Plano, TX 75075
Purposes of Processing and Legal Basis for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use, and share your data.
As explained above, we process Personal Data in various ways depending upon your use of Rug Doctor’s Websites. We process Personal Data on the following bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform a contract when you request services through our Websites; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing you with our Rug Doctor Websites (including products and services), enhancing and customizing our Rug Doctor Websites, and conducting analytics and delivering relevant advertising as set forth above.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
If you are in the EU / EEA, then you have certain rights relating to your personal data.
Access and Confirmation: You have the right to ask us if we process Personal Data about you, and in some circumstances, to obtain a copy of your Personal Data.
Deletion and Blocking: Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to have your Personal Data deleted or blocked without undue delay.
Direct: You have the right to object to our processing of Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Consent: To the extent we are processing Personal Data on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
Data: Under certain circumstances, to the extent we are processing your Personal Data on the basis of consent, or that it is necessary to perform a contract with you, and the processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive the Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
To exercise those rights, please contact us via email at privacy@rugdoctor.com or by mail at:
Rug Doctor, LLC
Attn: Data Privacy Team/Legal Department
2201 West Plano Parkway Suite 100 Plano, TX 75075
Right to Lodge a Complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority in your country.
Transfers
We may transfer, store, and process your data outside your country.
We are headquartered in the United States of America. Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States. The European Commission has not determined that the United States ensures an adequate level of protection for Personal Data. By providing us with Personal Data, you consent to this transfer. We will protect the privacy and security of Personal Data according to this Privacy Policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
By providing us with Personal Data, you consent to the storage or processing of Personal Data in the United States and acknowledge that the Personal Data will be subject to the laws of the United States, including the ability of governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of the United States to obtain disclosure of your Personal Data.
Retention Of Personal Data
The Personal Data we obtain about you may be retained up to seven years.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide customer service. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information contact us at privacy@rugdoctor.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Modifications And Updates To This Privacy Policy
Rug Doctor may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will post those changes on this page and indicate the new Privacy Policy’s effective date so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. For changes to this Privacy Policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of Personal Information you have provided to us, we will notify you before implementing the change. Unless we receive your express consent, we will only use and disclose your information in a manner consistent with the version of the Privacy Policy that was in effect at the time we collected that information. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the information we collect from you.
Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personal Information
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of a rental, purchase, inquiry, or complaint. Note that when you edit your Personal Information or change your preferences on a Rug Doctor platform, information that you remove may persist internally for Rug Doctor’s administrative purposes or within backup media. If you have made any public postings on a Rug Doctor platform, these communications cannot generally be removed.
If you are a user of a Website and would like us to update, correct, delete, or deactivate any Personal Information that you have provided to us on such website, please send your request to us at privacy@rugdoctor.com and we will process your request within a reasonable period after receipt, not to exceed ninety (90) days or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Contact Us
You can contact us for complaints or questions.
Any notices or communication sent to you by Rug Doctor will be sent to your email address on file with Rug Doctor, which may be updated by you in writing at any time. It is your responsibility for ensuring that Rug Doctor has your current email address at all times. Any notice sent to you via such email address by Rug Doctor shall be deemed given, received, and read by you, whether or not it actually is received and/or read.
Any notices or communications sent by you to Rug Doctor pursuant to this Privacy Policy must be in writing and sent to the address specified herein or such other address as Rug Doctor may specify in writing.
All notices will be sent to:
Rug Doctor
ATTN: Data Privacy Team/Legal Department
2201 West Plano Parkway
Suite 100
Plano, TX 75075
Email: privacy@rugdoctor.com
For those in the EU / EEA, send complaints or questions to privacy@rugdoctor.com.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Sign up to get special offers, coupons, tips & more.
follow us @
Support
Contact
Careers
Our Story
Newsroom
SDS & Ingredients
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Incident Report
Find a Repair Location
© 2019 Rug Doctor, LLC. All Rights Reserved.