http://www.amt-mep.org/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Your privacy is valued! Any personal information we receive from you will be kept confidential and will not be redistributed or shared with any third parties.
Personal Data Collected
We collect and retain any information submitted via forms on our website.
We do not collect any financial information via this website.
We do use PayPal for online payments, but do not collect any PayPal financial or credit card information from these transactions on the website.
You can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We use information collected from the web forms to contact you and to fulfill specific requests.
By submitting these forms, you are giving your consent for us to contact you. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
The following forms can be submitted from this site.
Contact UsSubscribe to Our Newsletter Become an AssociateRegister for an Event
Secure Website
Our website uses a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL/https) certificate between our web hosting server and visitor’s browsers.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Website Content
We list our team, board of director members, company names, and company logos associated with AM&T.
You may request to have your information removed at any time.
Social Media Buttons
We have standard html links to our AM&T FaceBook page and AM&T LinkedIn company page.
The homepage popup also allows the visitor to choose to follow AM&T on LinkedIn.
The follow button uses a LinkedIn script that does not collect any other information (see Cookies below regarding the Popup).
Analytics
We collect anonymous web statistics through Google Analytics.
This information is used to improve the user experience and assess website visitors’ needs.
Cookies
The homepage popup creates an anonymous cookie to prevent users from seeing the same popup repetitively in an attempt to make our users experience more pleasant while still delivering time sensitive messaging.
The Popup Maker does not send any user data outside of our site.
Cookie NameUsageTimepum-2789Cookie used to prevent popup from displaying repeatedly.1 second
If you have any questions or requests regarding this privacy statement, you can submit them in writing, email, call or use the contact form.
See the contact page for details.
– AM&T
Client TestimonialsBuckingham Manufacturing“Through AM&T’s efforts, Buckingham Manufacturing was able to develop and implement an effective ISO 9001 quality management system, which produced significant improvements in our product yields and provided access to increased numbers of customers both domestically and overseas.”Golden Artist Colors“The training and support that was provided to Golden Artist Colors by AM&T was perfect. During the very first site visit I gained the confidence that they really cared about providing us with a proposal that was going to meet our needs. The project manager/trainer provided us with the tools, resources and understanding of Lean with a model that keeps focus on sustaining our efforts and the continued development of our program. Three years into our program we continue to learn and engage our employee owners along the way and continue to reduce costs and increase throughput. We have been provided with the building blocks to have a sustainable Continuous Improvement program and value the relationship that we have established with AM&T. Thank you to Carol Miller and the AM&T team for being so dedicated and mindful to our company and our needs.”
— Matt Asma, Training & Development Specialist, Golden Artist ColorsCrowley Fabricating & Machining Co., Inc. “The goals we have reached as a small company would not have been possible without the help of AM&T. We are lucky to have an organization like AM&T to help small companies. Their staff are very knowledgeable and easy to work with. I always recommend AM&T to any company I talk to that might need help.” – Tom Crowley, Crowley Fabricating & Machining Co., Inc.Norwich Pharma Services“We very much appreciated the professionalism and business-friendly approach of the AM&T team as they supported us not only in finding a provider who could address our Leadership training needs, but also in helping us find a grant that helped fund a program that otherwise would not have been held.”– Norwich Pharma ServicesSoutherntier Custom Fabricators“I would highly recommend working with AM&T to any manufacturing operation looking to improve their productivity.” – Ian Morrell, President, Southerntier Custom FabricatorsCameron Manufacturing & Design“AM&T has been very helpful to Cameron Manufacturing & Design on a wide variety of tasks. … They understand our business and can operate as an extended staff. As a result of their efforts, we feel that we have better control over the future.”Samscreen Inc.“Every metric we measure is trending in the correct direction.
Whilst you can’t eat off the floor yet, you can now find everything on it.” – Davis Fleming, Director, Samscreen Inc.C&D Assembly“AM&T has been (and still is) a valuable asset in helping C&D Assembly to overcome some major growing pains. Having them available has helped us to stay on track, keep ISO certified and continually improve our overall business by winning new contracts and keeping existing ones. AM&T has been a valuable resource in a variety of tasks over the last several years.”Transonic Systems“We were able to successfully ship to the customer almost five times as many of these units in one month. This was a fantastic way to close out the year!” – Laurie Moore, production manager, Transonic Systems
Scroll to Top
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap