http://www.skyworld.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for skyworld.com, This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, submitting information on this site or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Remarketing
We use a tool provided by Google as part of their Adwords product portfolio called Remarketing. Remarketing allows us to target ads to you on other websites based on you having visited skyworld.com. A cookie is set on your browser when you visit this site. This cookie allows us to know that a skyworld.com ad is relevant to you on other websites. You can opt out of how Google uses cookies by visiting: www.google.com/settings/ads.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the phone number given on our website or by email at: info@skyworld.com:
• See what data we have about you, if any.
• Change/correct any data we have about you.
• Have us delete any data we have about you.
• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 781.569.1400
or info@skyworld.com.
Contact Us