http://www.itt.com/privacy/
This site uses cookies to enable basic functionality, provide an enhanced user experience and collect performance data. Read more about this site's
cookies levels
and
Privacy Policy.
To experience the full functionality of the site, click the Performance button. Closing this banner will set system cookies only, which may result in some pages not functioning as expected.
x
Privacy Policy
ITT Inc. is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, which governs the transfer of personal data between the US and EU Member States. Download a PDF of
ITT Inc.'s full Global Privacy Policy.
Click here for information on
ITT Inc.'s California Consumer Privacy Policy.
ITT Inc. and its operating divisions and subsidiaries (collectively, "ITT") maintain and operate this and other web sites (collectively, the "ITT Sites") and are sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. Accordingly, ITT believes that you should know our online information practices, the kinds of information we may collect and how we intend to use this information.
For each visitor to an ITT Site, we automatically collect the visitor's domain name and/or their IP address.
If you communicate with us by e-mail, we will collect your e-mail address; otherwise, personally identifiable information is only collected on ITT Sites if you voluntarily choose to provide it. Such personally identifiable information may include your name and/or that of your employer, address, telephone number and e-mail address. If we are requesting personally identifiable information, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect it from you, but before you provide it to us.
The information collected may be aggregated to analyze what pages visitors access, the number of visits, average time spent on the site, etc. The aggregated information is utilized to improve the design and content of the ITT Sites. Usually, the personally identifiable information we collect is used to respond to the visitor's inquiry, but in some instances it may be used for market research or to provide you with information about our own or related goods or services that we believe support your business needs. We may make this information available to our distributors, sales representatives or other business affiliates so that they may respond to a visitor's inquiry or provide information about our own or related goods or services that we believe support your business needs. Alternatively, ITT Sites may provide links to the websites of our distributors, sales representatives or other business affiliates and while we believe they have high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices they employ.
ITT will not sell to third parties any personally identifiable information derived from a visitor's visit to or use of an ITT Site except as part of the sale of a subsidiary or of all or substantially all of the assets of an operating division which subsidiary or division collected or uses such information in the ordinary course of business.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, and customize web page content based on visitor's browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
If ITT's Privacy Policy changes or, if in the future, we intend to use information collected at an ITT Site in a new manner not previously disclosed to you, we will post such changes on our sites. Only information collected after such posting shall be subject to the new Policy or will be put to the new use.
With respect to security: We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of any such information.
If you feel that an ITT Site is not following this Privacy Policy, please contact us immediately at +1 914 641 2000 and ask for the office of the General Counsel.