http://www.mcandrewphoto.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS for www.mcandrewphoto.co.uk
These terms of use govern your use of our site. These website terms of use have been provided and, approved by the solicitors at legal documents resource DIY Legals. Please read these terms in full before you use this Website. If you do not accept these terms of use, please do not use this Website. Your continued use of this site confirms your acceptance of these terms.
WEB SITE  ACCESS
1.1            It is not necessary to register with us in order to use most parts of this Website. [However, particular areas of this Website will only be accessible only if you have registered.]
USE OF WEBSITE
1.2            This Website may be used for your own private purposes and in accordance with these terms of use.
1.3            You may not print and download material from this Website or reproduce any content without our prior written consent. All content is the copyright of Chris McAndrew Photography Ltd
SITE UPTIME
1.4            All reasonable measures are taken by us to ensure that this Website is operational al day, every day. However, occasionally technical issues may result in some downtime and accordingly we will not be liable if this website is unavailable at any time.
1.5            Where possible we always try to give advance warning of maintenance issues that may result in Website down time but we shall not be obliged to provide such notice.
VISITOR PROVIDED MATERIAL
1.6            Any material that a visitor to this Website sends or posts to this Website shall be considered non-proprietary and non confidential. We shall be entitled to copy, disclose, distribute or use for such other purpose as we deem appropriate all material provided to us, with the exception of personal information, the use of which is covered under our Privacy Policy .
1.7            When using this website you shall not post or send to or from this Website any material:
(a)         for which you have not obtained all necessary consents;
(b)         that is discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred, in breach of confidentiality or privacy, which may cause annoyance or inconvenience to others, which encourages or constitutes conduct that would be deemed a criminal offence, give rise to a civil liability, or otherwise is contrary to the law in the United Kingdom;
(c)         which is harmful in nature including, and without limitation, computer viruses, Trojan horses, corrupted data, or other potentially harmful software or data.
1.8            [We will fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requiring us to disclose the identity or other details of any person posting material to this website in breach of Paragraph 1.7.]
LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
1.9            Throughout this Website you may find links to third party websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse that website. If you visit any website via a link on this Website you do so at your own risk.
1.10         Any party wishing to link to this website is entitled to do so provided that the conditions below are observed:
(a)         you do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing;
(b)         you do not misrepresent your relationship with this website; and
(c)         the website from which you link to this Website does not contain offensive or otherwise controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.
1.11         By linking to this Website in breach of clause 5.2 you shall indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered to this Website as a result of such linking.
DISCLAIMER
1.12         Whilst we do take all reasonable steps to make sure that the information on this website is up to date and accurate at all times we do not guarantee that all material is accurate and ,or up to date.
1.13         All material contained on this Website is provided without any or warranty of any kind. You use the material on this Website at your own discretion.
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
1.14         We do not accept liability for any loss or damage that you suffer as a result of using this Website.
1.15         Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence which cannot be excluded or under the law of the United Kingdom.
LAW and JURISDICTION
These terms of use are governed by English law. Any dispute arising in connection with these terms of use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
OUR DETAILS
CHRIS MCANDREW PHOTOGRPHY LTD
chris@mcandrewphoto.co.uk
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.