https://www.MovingInsurance.com/privacy.asp
Our Affiliates|Self Storage|Affiliate Login
|       Terms and Conditions       |       News       |       About Us       |       Join Our Network       |
Purchase Insurance
Quick Quote
Home
FAQs
Moving Resources
Insurance Products
Ask The Expert
Customer Login
Submit A Claim
Affiliate Login
MovingInsurance.com Privacy Notice
Last updated: September 2006
MovingInsurance.com LLC (“MovingInsurance.com”) is committed to protecting the personal privacy rights of all our users. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on http://www.movinginsurance.com (“our website”). By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does MovingInsurance.com Gather?
The information we learn from you helps us personalize and continually improve your experience on our website. Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our website, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our website. Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; and cookie number.
Email and Other Communications:
To help us make emails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open email from MovingInsurance.com if your computer supports such capabilities.
More About Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as logging on more easily to sign up for events and other activities.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our website's most useful features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does MovingInsurance.com Share The Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries MovingInsurance.com controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control:
We work closely with our affiliated businesses, such as insurance brokerage firms, moving companies and other relocation service providers. In the future, we may also operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. You will be aware when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.
Agents:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling reservation orders, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers:
Sometimes we may send offers to selected groups of MovingInsurance.com customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not disclose to that business your name or address.
Demographic Information:
The demographic information that we collect may be used to tailor your experience at this site, showing content that we think you might be interested in, and displaying the content according to your preferences. Your demographic information will also be used to aid us in planning offline events geared toward your interests. Demographic and other information we collect may be shared with our advertisers and sponsors to help them better understand our services and monitor the reach of their advertising and/or sponsorship of our website or our events. However, we will never share your individual demographic information.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that MovingInsurance.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of MovingInsurance.com and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of MovingInsurance.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing customers' personally identifiable information for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We do not reveal your credit card information when confirming an order. We must transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
Children
Protecting children's privacy is especially important to MovingInsurance.com. For that reason, we never collect or maintain any information at our website from those we actually know are under age 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under age 13.
Conditions Of Use, Notices, And Revisions
If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of New York.
If you have any concern about privacy at our website, please Contact us and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will also change. We may email periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies or any other matter, please fill out our contact form.
Most accidents occur when you least expect them or when you're not covered for them.
More...
Certified Affiliate Program
Proud Member Of:
Privacy|Terms and Conditions|Contact Us|Join Our Team|Site Map
Visit our Moving Insurance hub
© Copyright Moving Insurance, LLC 2003-2020.
All rights reserved.