http://www.apqc.org/privacy
Breadcrumb
Home
The American Productivity & Quality Center (APQC) recognizes that your privacy and the protection of your personal information are important. We have developed this Digital Privacy Statement to help you understand how we collect and use your personal information in connection with APQC’s Online Resources (which consist of the APQC website, Knowledge Base, Benchmarking Portal, Open Standards Benchmarking Database, MosaiQ, the APQC Events app, and all content, software, databases and associated services provided in connection therewith). This statement also describes the administrative, physical, and technical measures we use to protect your personal information associated with APQC’s Online Resources.
As a further measure, APQC has successfully met the requirements set forth in the below industry-standard audit, as conducted by a certified third-party, of service commitments and system requirements relevant to security, availability, and confidentiality set forth in TSP 100, 2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security, Availability, Processing Integrity, Confidentiality, and Privacy  (AICPA, Trust Services Criteria).
SOC 1®, Type II
SOC 2®, Type II
Your use of APQC’s Online Resources is subject to APQC’s Online Resources Terms of Service and applicable law. Questions regarding this Digital Privacy Statement should be directed to privacy@apqc.org or by calling +1-713-681-4020.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
During Registration
When you register for APQC’s Online Resources, APQC collects three kinds of information from you:
1. Personally identifiable information
This is information, such as your name and corporate email address, that either personally identifies you or allows others to contact you. The personally identifiable information collected by APQC includes your corporate email address, because your level of access to the APQC Web Site varies based on whether you are employed by an organization that is an APQC member and your corporate email address is used to communicate vital APQC Web Site account activation information. APQC may also collect other personal information, such as your telephone number and billing and shipping addresses.
Your IP address is logged. Depending on your ISP and the way you access the internet, your IP address may be used to personally identify you.
Your credit card number is used to process online purchases.
2. Non-personally identifiable or "demographic" information
This is information that by itself does not identify you or allow others to contact you, but which does associate you with general demographic groups. The non-personally identifiable information that APQC collects may include, but is not limited to, your country, state/region, and ZIP/Postal Code.
3. Non-personally identifiable personal interest information
This is information that helps us personalize your experience using APQC’s Online Resources, but which is not personally identifiable. This information includes personalization for providing content, access to other users, and developing communities on the APQC Web Site.
When Signing In
When you sign in to APQC’s Online Resources, APQC will ask you to provide your username and password.
Your IP address is logged. Depending on your ISP and the way you access the internet, your IP address may be used to personally identify you.
While Using APQC’s Online Resources
While you use APQC’s Online Resources, the following types of information are collected about you:
The pages you visit
The links you click
The information you type in to search fields.
Your IP address is logged. Depending on your ISP and the way you access the internet, your IP address may be used to personally identify you.
If you participate in an online survey through our OSB Database or otherwise upload information to any part of APQC’s Online Resources, that information is associated with you by virtue of your login.
Survey responses are handled in accordance with the terms and conditions presented to you at the start of the applicable survey
All other information you upload or provide is governed by APQC’s Online Resources Terms of Service and this Digital Privacy Statement.
While using the APQC Events mobile app, the following additional information may be collected:
Mobile device identifiers such as the IMEI and UDID numbers of your device.
Any photo or other media that you upload through the app.
Approximate geographic location (via Google Analytics).
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information to:
Control access to APQC’s Online Resources
Your login information is used to determine which of APQC’s Online Resources you are authorized to access and to prevent unauthorized users from accessing our systems using your personal information.
Customize your user experience
We customize your online experience to bring you the information we believe will be most relevant to you and to help you get the most out of our Online Resources.
Allow you to obtain the full benefits of your organization’s APQC membership
During the term of your organization’s APQC’s membership, new or different products and services may be available to you. Your personal information may be used to ensure you receive the full benefits of the membership.
Develop new products and services
Understanding our users, their preferences, and their interests helps us develop new products and services and improve the user experience.
Complete online purchases made by you
Account, shopping cart, shipping, and billing information is used to process your online orders.
Communicate with you
APQC sends you a welcome e-mail message when you first register, informing you about the APQC Web Site and telling you how to activate and manage your APQC account. APQC may also send you periodic reactivation messages, updates, or surveys related to the APQC Web Site. If you do not respond to the reactivation messages in the communicated timeframe, your access level to the APQC Web Site may be changed. These e-mails are considered essential to the provision of the service you have requested. You are not able to choose to unsubscribe to these administrative messages, but you may choose not to participate in the other messages (e.g., surveys).
In connection with the APQC Events app, and If enabled by you, your name and email address are exchanged with other registered attendees of the event who have also enabled in-app chat.
Provide user support
Some of the information we collect about you helps us support your use of our Online Resources.
APQC occasionally hires other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as answering customer support inquiries or performing statistical analyses of our services. APQC will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the services, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Compile survey responses
If you complete a survey through our OSB Database, your responses will be aggregated with all other responses and handled in accordance with the terms and conditions presented at the start of the survey and APQC’s Online Resources Terms of Service.
Perform statistical analysis
We regularly monitor usage data, logins, page activity, database queries, and other usage statistics to better understand how our members use our Online Resources.
Provide Member feedback
From time to time, APQC may report aggregate user activity statistics to our members. These reports help our members understand how their employees use our Online Resources. These reports may include personally identifiable information, although it is never our intention to report user-specific activity and the information is always reported in the aggregate.
Maintain the security of our systems
In addition to login information, we monitor access to and use of our systems to prevent or respond to potential security breaches.
Investigate unauthorized access to or use of our Online Resources
From time to time, we perform security audits in response to investigate whether any part of our systems may have been improperly accessed or used.
Comply with the law
Where required by law, we may report user activity to law enforcement or in response to a civil process request.
We do NOT:
Sell, rent, or market your personally identifiable information to third parties for any reason
Allow third parties to use or access your personal information for any reason other than to assist us in developing, maintaining, improving, and securing our Online Resources and the APQC Membership
Sell or market any products and services to you that are not germane to APQC’s non-profit mission to promote knowledge management and process improvement.
CONTROL OF AND ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Who has access to your personal information:
Your personal information can only be accessed by you, APQC staff as needed, and certain third party vendors who supply services to APQC subject to industry-standard confidentiality and data protection requirements.
Where your personal information is stored:
Although your interaction with our Online Resources is not always through a secure connection, we always use 256-bit encryption whenever you
Register for our Online Resources
Log in with your email and password
Enter your credit card or other payment information.
Generally, your personal information is stored on servers maintained by APQC.
However, portions of our Online Resources may be maintained on third-party servers (e.g. Amazon Web Services) with whom we have contracted for specific services.
Services associated with the APQC Events mobile app are hosted by a third-party provider (EventMobi) pursuant to a contract with APQC.
How you can update your personal information:
You can always add, update, or make other changes to the information in your APQC Web Site profile by visiting the profile section of the APQC Web Site.
To update your communication preferences and/or opt out of solicitation emails from APQC, visit this page.
OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR USE OF APQC’S ONLINE RESOURCES
In addition to the foregoing, we gather some additional technical information about you and your use of our Online Resources in order to provide you with a personalized user experience and to ensure the proper operation of our Online Resources. This technical information does not include the personal information that you provide as part of your registration, but nevertheless may be personally identifiable depending upon how, when, and from where you access our Online Resources.
The technical information we gather includes:
Session identifying information to ensure your user sessions are uninterrupted and to assist your navigation of the APQC Web Site.
Browser/PC information such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login/username; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, cookie data, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; pages you viewed or searched for; and your browse history.
During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
SPECIAL NOTICE ABOUT THE USE OF COOKIES
What it is:
A cookie is a very small text file that a web site requests to save to your computer's hard disk to store information that you provide about yourself or your current session on that web site. APQC uses cookies whenever you sign in. The cookie allows you to access the APQC Web Site without having to sign in again on each page. Cookies also improve your user experience by aiding in site navigation, menu displays, saved pages, data caching, and contextual information.
How to decline using cookies:
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies using the settings on your browser.
If you choose to decline cookies, you will have to provide your username and password each time you sign in to the APQC Web Site. In addition, you will not enjoy the optimum user experience, as we will not be able to customize the presentation of our Online Resources.
MINORS
Our Online Resources are not intended to be used by persons under the age of 13. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
CHANGES TO THIS DIGITAL PRIVACY STATEMENT
APQC will occasionally update this Digital Privacy Statement to reflect changes in our products and services and the technical operation of our systems, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the bottom of this statement.
For material changes to this Digital Privacy Statement, APQC will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the APQC Web Site. APQC encourages you to periodically review this Digital Privacy Statement to stay informed about how we are protecting your information. Your continued use of APQC’s Online Resources constitutes your agreement to this Digital Privacy Statement.
ENFORCEMENT OF THIS DIGITAL PRIVACY STATEMENT
We take your privacy seriously. Accordingly, we reserve the right to:
Suspend or terminate access to our Online Resources for any reason
Make changes to the manner in which our Online Resources may be accessed or used
Report illegal activity to the proper authorities.
In upholding our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, APQC will promptly respond to reasonable inquiries about this Digital Privacy Statement and our compliance with it. If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact APQC by sending an e-mail message to privacy@apqc.org or by calling +1-713-681-4020.
Last Updated: 08/21/2018
icon-check-star
Membership matters
APQC membership provides you—and every employee in your organization—access to research-based best practices and business drivers, benchmarking tools and data, and expertise so you can discover, understand, and implement the most effective methods for process and performance improvement.
Want to take the next step?
Learn more about our membership icon--arrow--right
Already have an account?
Sign in.