https://www.newgate.uk.com/terms-and-policies/corruption-and-bribery-policy/
Home  /  Terms and Policies  /  Corruption and Bribery PolicyCorruption and Bribery PolicyNewgate (Newark) Limited recognises that bribery and corruption have an adverse effect on business. Failure to identify and act upon bribery or corruption can break laws and basic human freedoms, distorting free trade and competition.
Our definitions of bribery and corruption are below:
Bribery The act of taking or receiving something with the intention of influencing the recipient in some way favourable to the party providing the bribe;
Corruption Giving or obtaining advantage through means which are illegitimate, immoral, and/or inconsistent with one’s duty or the rights of others.
31.1 Company statement
Newgate (Newark) Limited will not tolerate any form of Bribery or Corruption and seeks to act with honesty and integrity in all of its business dealings. We will immediately and thoroughly investigate any allegations of bribery or corruption, and will take the strongest action. Any breach of policy by any employee will be considered as grounds for disciplinary action, and may be considered to be gross misconduct. A breach by a contractor or consultant will be considered grounds to terminate any contract or agreement with that individual or company.
31.2 Laws and regulations
Newgate (Newark) Limited is committed to applying high standards of honesty and integrity across our business. Our Bribery and Corruption Policy mirrors the statutory requirements applicable in the UK.
31.3 Policy and practices
Newgate (Newark) Limited Bribery and Corruption Policy applies to all employees, agency workers, consultants, sub-contractors and contractors, irrespective of their level or function they perform within the company. Newgate (Newark) Limited expects our business partners, suppliers, sub-contractors and contractors to act with the utmost integrity and without actions or thoughts involving bribery and/or corruption.
31.4 Responsibilities
All employees, consultants, sub-contractors, contractors and agency workers; and any other individual working directly for the business (including agents) are required and agree to operate within the following guidelines:
To always act with honesty and integrity and support Newgate (Newark) Limited policy relating to bribery and corruption;
Not to offer or make any bribe, outlandish or unauthorised payment or incentive of any kind to anyone;
Not to solicit business by offering any bribe, unorthodox or unofficial payment to customers or potential customers.
Not to accept any kind of bribe, unorthodox or unusual payment or inducement that would not be authorised by Newgate (Newark) Limited in the ordinary course of business.
To refuse any bribe or outlandish payment and to do so in a manner that is not open to misunderstanding or giving rise to false expectations; and to report any such offers.
Not to make facilitation payments. These are payments used by businesses or individuals to secure or accelerate a service or product. Newgate (Newark) Limited will not tolerate or overlook such payments being made.
To report any breaches of the policy,
31.5 What to do if you become aware or suspect there is a breach of the policy
If you become aware of Bribery or Corruption or if you suspect Bribery or Corruption has occurred previously you should report this to a director of the company without delay.
31.6 Preventative measures
Any expenditure by the company to third parties in excess of £50.00 relating to gifts or entertainment must be authorised in advance by a director.
All gifts and gratuities (of any value) must be declared by employees.
Employees must not receive any gifts or gratuities at their home address.
Gifts and gratuities include: physical gifts; entertainment; corporate hospitality; vouchers; free or discounted goods or services; free or discounted use of facilities, property or any other items from suppliers, clients or third parties.
Our telephone contact details are shown below, alternatively email us at sales@newgate.uk.com or use our contact us page.
Related LinksTerms and Conditions of Sale
Terms and Conditions of Installation
General Statement of Intent
Health & Safety Signage
Gate Safety
Unsafe and Poorly Maintained Gates
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Corruption and Bribery Policy
Equal Opportunities Policy
Contact Us
Please leave this field empty.
-- Enquiry Type --General EnquirySalesService
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Our ProductsSecurity BarriersSecurity GatesTurnstilesDrive UnitsRoad BlockersAccess Control SystemsAccessoriesCan't find what you're looking for?
Our team can design and build truly unique products, tailored to your exact specifications. If you have a specialist requirement, please contact the team at Newgate today.
Contact the TeamMenuHomepage
Contact Us
Barriers
Barriers Overview
Rising Arm Barriers
Automatic Rising Arm Barriers
Manual Rising Arm Barriers
Rising Arm Bridge Barriers
Height Restriction Barriers
Manual Swing Arm Barriers
Smart Parking Barrier
Gates
Gates Overview
Swing Gates
Automatic Swing Gates
Manual Swing Gates
Bi-folding Swing Gates
Sliding Security Gates
Manual Sliding Gates
Automatic Sliding Gates
Pedestrian Gates
Manual Pedestrian Gates
Semi Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Fully Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Road Blockers
Turnstiles
Turnstiles Overview
Single Rotor Turnstiles
Twin Rotor Turnstiles
Tripod Turnstiles
Drive Units
Drive Units Overview
Drive Units for Swing Gates
Drive Units for Sliding Gates
Access Control Systems
Accessories
About Us
Our Profile
Our Team
Job Vacancies
Accreditations
Credit Account Application
Insurance Details
Distributors Wanted
Guarantees & Warranties
Maintenance
Product Servicing
Product Repairs
Product Maintenance
Request an Engineer
Custom Security Solutions
Custom Barrier Design
Custom Gate Design
Specialist Market Sectors
Airports
Caravan and Holiday Parks
Car Parks
Council Parks
Industrial
Ports and Harbours
Retail
Schools and Education
Stadiums and Sports Grounds
Supermarkets
Theme Parks
Resources
FAQs
Gate Safety Guide
RAL Colour Chart
Maintenance Manuals
Gate Force Testing
Case Studies
News & Events
Blog
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you