https://www.pizzadelight.com/legal
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Pizza Delight, a division of Imvescor Restaurants group Inc. and its affiliated companies (“Pizza Delight”, “we” or “us”) collect, process, use, disclose and protect your Personal Information (as defined below) in connection with your use of the Pizza Delight website (the “Website”) and the services we provide through the Web (the “Services”). By using the Website or the Services, you consent to the collection, processing, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as set out in this Privacy Policy.1. How we collect Personal InformationPersonal Information generallySome of the information that we collect about you in connection with the Website or the Services will be your personal information, meaning information which relates to you and which may be used to personally identify you (“Personal Information”).You can use certain parts of the Website or the Services without giving us any Personal Information.When you register a user account through the Website , we may request you to provide us with Personal Information about you which may include your name, address, email address, details about your use of the Services or other information reasonably required to offer the Services to you. We may also collect Personal Information regarding your location and your continued use of the Services, including your feedback and product preferences.Passive collection of informationSome pages of the website used to access the Website or the Services may use “cookies”, which are small data files that the website may place on your system for identification purposes. These files are used for site registration and customization the next time you visit us. Your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. You can choose whether or not to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. By not accepting cookies, some pages of the website may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information.2. How we use Personal InformationWe use your Personal Information to provide you with the Website and the Services, to maintain and improve the Website and the Services, to resolve technical issues relating to the Website or Services and to respond to your requests. We also use your Personal Information so that we can administer, improve, support, and develop our business and for statistical or analytical purposes.In particular, we may use your Personal Information for any of the following purposes:To register you and to enable you to use the Services;To send you confirmation emails and electronic receipts;To better serve you by providing relevant information (i.e. restaurants that cater to your preferences and profile, location information to determine restaurants closest to you);To enable us to monitor, review and improve the Services;For internal record keeping;To comply with our legal obligations;Otherwise with your consent or as required or permitted by law.We will not retain your Personal Information for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or as required under any contract with you or by applicable law. We will delete your Personal Information once you inform us that you will no longer be using our Services, unless and to the extent we are required to retain your Personal Information for legitimate reasons (e.g. due to legal requirements or if we still need your Personal Information to process our contractual relationship with you, such as for billing or accounting purposes) or if the deletion of your Personal Information would entail unreasonable efforts, in which case we will store your Personal Information in a secure environment instead of a deleting this information.We may use your location information to the extent you allow the Website to share your location with us. We will use this information for the purposes of providing you with information regarding certain Services (such as Restaurants which are closest to you). You may stop sharing location information with us at any time by updating your device or Website settings. However, by doing so, certain functionalities of the Services may no longer be available to you.We may use your Personal Information to review the third party services you have used and to recommend similar services to you, and to assess and analyze our market, customers, products and services, including by asking you for your opinions on our products and services and carrying out customer surveys. We may also use your Personal Information to send you emails regarding products, services and promotions which may be of interest to you, subject to you providing us with your consent to receive such emails. You may opt out of the use of your Personal Information for these purposes at any time by contacting us as outlined below.3. How we share Personal InformationWe have engaged certain third party service providers to process information on our behalf. These include entities which provide credit card payment processing services and customers support services.In addition, we may provide your Personal Information to restaurants or to which you place an order through the Website or our affiliated partners (“Delivery Restaurants”). By submitting your Personal Information, you agree to the transfer of your Personal Information to Delivery Restaurants and to the storage and processing of your Personal Information by Delivery Restaurants.The Website processes Personal Information on our servers and those of our service providers in many countries around the world. The collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information as contemplated by this Privacy Policy may therefore involve a transfer of your Personal Information to jurisdictions located outside your country of residence. Your Personal Information is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country.If our business enters into a joint venture with, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your Personal Information may be disclosed or transferred to the purchasing company, our new business partners or owners or their advisors.We may disclose the Personal Information that you provide to us if we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any applicable legal obligation, or in order to enforce our Terms of Service and any other agreement we have with you, or otherwise as permitted by law. This includes exchanging Personal Information with other companies and other organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention.We take reasonable physical, electronic and procedural steps to protect any of your Personal Information which is shared with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including by ensuring that these third parties are contractually required to comply with this Privacy Policy.4. Our advertising practicesSome of our third party service providers or business partners are advertising networks, marketing partners, publishers and other entities that perform analytics and advertise our products and services on websites not affiliated with us (“Advertising Service Providers”). In connection with these advertising services, we or our Advertising Service Providers, like Google Analytics (as further detailed below) may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect behavioral information about how you use our Website , the Services, or other websites in order to perform tracking and marketing analytics or serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you (“Interest-Based Advertisements”). Our Advertising Service Providers may permit you to opt out of all or some Interest-Based Advertisements on designated websites. For example, many of our Advertising Service Providers participate in the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out program or the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out program.In addition to services from other Advertising Service Providers, we use the following Google Analytics Advertising Features as part of our marketing analytics and advertising: Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Platform integrations and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. We may also use other services provided by Google Analytics from time to time. Google provides users an opportunity to opt out of the Google Analytics Features through Google’s Ads Settings and their web browser opt-out plugin. For additional information on opting out of interest-based ads by Google, visit here. 5. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your Personal Information is kept and stored securely. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural measures to safeguard and secure the information we collect through the Website and the Services. This has been done with a view to preventing unauthorized or unlawful processing of your Personal Information and accidental, unauthorized or unlawful access, use, processing, copying, alteration, transfer, loss or destruction of, or damage to your Personal Information.We protect the security of your Personal Information by doing the following:Encryption of our services where appropriate using SSL;Reviewing information collection, storage and processing practices (this includes physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems); andLimiting access to Personal Information (for example, only our staff or employees, or those of our service providers, who require access to Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy will have access to Personal Information).6. Scope of applicationThis Privacy Policy applies to all the Website and the Services offered by IRG, but does not apply to any applications, services or Website provided by IRG which are governed by separate privacy policies.Occasionally we provide links to other third party websites for your convenience. These sites operate independently from the App and are not under our control. These sites may have their own privacy practices, notices or policies in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them. Without limitation, we are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites or any other use of these sites, nor for any Personal Information processing and privacy practices associated with such sites.This Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services, and that may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.7. Accessing and updating your Personal InformationThe file containing your personal information will be kept in our offices or on our servers or those of our service providers and staff or employees that require it for the purposes of their duties will have access to this information.You can access, review and edit your Personal Information at any time by logging into your user account and visiting your user profile. Once you have access to your user profile, you can review and edit any Personal Information you provided to us when you register a user account through the Website.Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your Personal Information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or delete it. We reserve the right to reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical.8. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may change or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes or additions to this Privacy Policy and will provide you with a copy of the amended Privacy Policy, either on our website or the Website, or by sending you an email to the email address provided to us or by any other suitable means which ensure that you will be able to take notice of the changes to this Privacy Policy.9. ContactYou can contact us to learn more about our commitment to privacy and this Privacy Policy. Under certain jurisdictions and data protection laws, you may have the right to request details of Personal Information that we hold about you or to request the correction or deletion of your Personal Information.Please help us to ensure that the information that we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date. If you think that any information we have stored about you is incorrect, have any other comments, queries or requests, or would like to opt out of the use of your Personal Information as outlined above, please contact us at Contactus@pizzadelight.ca
Our website uses cookies to optimize your browsing experience and map website usability. If you agree to proceed using cookies, please click on ‘ACCEPT’. Otherwise, go to your browser settings to disable the functionality. Read MTY’s Privacy Policy to find out more.
Accept