http://www.gouldfast.ca/aboutus/terms
English
|
Française
More than 41 years of caring for our customers
Toll Free: 800-267-8997
Tel: 905-677-8253
Fax:
905-677-8767
Email: email@gouldfast.ca
Gould Fasteners is a full service distributor of all varieties of fasteners,electronic parts and military spec hardware since 1979.
Quality is at the core of all our operations.
We understand that quality cannot be compromised. Ever.
At Gould Fasteners quality is our way of doing business.
Our product line has been growing for more than 41 years. Whatever your fastener requirements, Gould has the products to meet them. We make it easy. Call us.
Gould Fasteners continually raises the bar on the quality of service we deliver.
Whatever your supply chain requirements, we have a customizable program to help your business grow and prosper.
Quality products come from quality manufacturers.
At Gould Fasteners all of our
suppliers must adhere to strict standards of excellence.
We simply want the best for our customers.
Everyday.
Home
Services
Products
Manufacturers
Quality
About Us
Contact Us
Latest News
Our History
Outstanding Service
Customizable Systems
Customer Satisfaction
Our People
Mission
Authorized Distributor
Competitive Pricing
Environmental Policy
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
of Sale of Products
Terms : Net 30.
Prices
The seller reserves the right to increase prices when increasing costs necessitate an increase in price.
Shipping
Method of shipping is to be designated by the seller unless specified by purchaser.
Delivery
Unless specified otherwise, delivery is F.O.B. our plant. Although shipping dates are approximate, we will strive to honour them. However, we shall not be held responsible for delay in delivery caused by circumstances beyond our control.
Cancellation
An order shall be deemed a covenant between purchaser
and seller. Consequently, the seller's consent is required for any cancellation, change to or reduction in the amount of an order. The seller may at his discretion levy a cancellation fee. Goods manufactured to the purchaser's specifications cannot be cancelled.
Patents
Any expense or loss resulting from the infringement of patents or trademarks arising from compliance with the purchaser's designs, specifications or instructions rests with the purchaser.
Quantity
Reasonable attempts will be made to ship quantities requested by the purchaser. Custom parts shipments may deviate by ±10% order quantity variation. The seller reserves the right to allocate sales and limit quantities of selected products among its customers at its sole discretion.
Returned Goods Policy
Goods will be accepted for return only :
within a 30 day period from date of shipment;
with an authorization number from the Seller; and
if the parts are found to deviate from the initial order requirements.
Warranty
The purchaser acknowledges that it has not relied on the seller's skill or judgment in furnishing goods for any particular purpose and the seller does not warrant the goods furnished hereunder to be fit for any particular purpose. In particular, where the goods furnished hereunder are only a constituent element or component part of a finished product, the seller does not warrant the goods finished hereunder to be suitable for such application.
Limitation of Liability
Unless specifically agreed to in writing, the seller will not be liable for any incidental or consequential damages, contingent liability, or labour costs, for any cause whatsoever, in respect of standard inventory parts or special parts supplied. The seller's liability arising out of any sale of products to the Purchaser is expressly limited to either:
A Refund of the purchase price paid by the purchaser for such products, or
Repair and/or replacement of such products, at the seller's election, and such remedies shall be exclusive and in lieu of all others.
Purchaser Shall Indemnify, Defend and Hold Seller Harmless from Any Claims brought by any party regarding products supplied by seller and incorporated into the purchaser's product or resold by the purchaser.
Ownership of Goods
Title of goods remains with the seller until payment is received.
Dispute Resolution
All disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with or in relation to the contract, shall be submitted to and be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario (located in the City of Toronto) which shall have exclusive jurisdiction in the event of any dispute hereunder. The parties hereby irrevocably submit and attorn to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts to finally adjudicate or determine any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
Seller RoHS Compliance
It is the policy of the seller to identify and offer certain products to the purchaser as RoHS Compliant. RoHS refers to the European Union's Directive 2002/95/EC, entitled Restrictions of Hazardous Substances and the seller defines the term RoHS Compliance, as supplier declared compliance to all restricted hazardous substance regulations under the RoHS EU directives, regulations or laws. The seller performs no testing of product and relies solely on the manufacturer or distributor of the product for identification of RoHS Compliance. Further the seller makes no warranty, certification or declaration of RoHS Compliance concerning said products. Product is advertised or offered as meeting RoHS Compliance only after written evidence is received from the component manufacturer or distributor, that any inventory, either in a bin or on order, has been determined to be RoHS compliant by the manufacturer or distributor. Any relevant evidence will be kept with the seller's office, either in original form or electronically, and maintained for at least 7 years from the date of receipt. Copies of such evidence can be provided by seller for the seller's standard fee, if any. All statements by the seller of RoHS compliance is based on producer or distributor documentation.
Any purchase order or order with terms or conditions that conflict with outlined above are considered void by Gould Fasteners Limited.
Home
Products
Manufacturers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Gould Fasteners accepts payment by:
Services
Just-In-Time
Dock-To-Stock
KanBan
EDI
Tailored Applications
Efficient Service
Bar Coding
Terms of Payment
Comprehensive Fastener Guide
Contact Us
Sales Representative
Map to Head Office
Contact Us Form
About Us
Latest News
Our History
Outstanding Service
Customizable Systems
Customer Satisfaction
Mission
Authorized Distributor
Competitive Pricing
Environmental Policy
Terms and Conditions
Quality
Quality Assurance
About ISO
CGP Certificate
Quality Suppliers
Zero Tolerance
Intensive Training
Copyright 2017 © Gould Fasteners Limited. All rights reserved.
X
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service.
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide will only be used
to send you information and updates pertaining to the Gould Fasteners.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into the site and going to the 'Account' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on April 16, 2017.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at email@gouldfast.ca
X