http://www.predictum.com/privacy
1.416.398.8900Schedule a Call
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
Last modified: August 27, 2019
Predictum Inc. (hereafter known as “Predictum”) takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy provides you with information about how we collect, use and disclose your personal information.
Predictum reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new Privacy Policy at www.predictum.com.
Personal Information
The term “personal information” broadly means any information about an identifiable individual that is not publicly available.
Accountability
Predictum is responsible for maintaining and protecting the personal information under its control. We have designated an individual (“Privacy Officer”) who is responsible for compliance with this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Officer can be reached at info [at] predictum.com.
Identifying Purposes
Predictum collects, uses and discloses personal information to communicate with you, to provide you with the product or service you have requested and to offer you additional products and services we believe you might be interested in. The purposes for which we collect personal information will be identified before or at the time we collect the information. In certain circumstances, the purposes for which information is collected may be clear, and consent may be implied, such as where your name, address and payment information is provided as part of the order process.
Consent and Limitations
Providing us with your personal Information is always your choice. However, your decision not to provide certain information may limit our ability to provide you with our products or services. We will not require you to consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of information as a condition to the supply of a product or service, except as required to be able to supply the product or service. Personal Information may only be used or disclosed for the purpose for which it was collected unless you have otherwise consented, or when it is required or permitted by law. Personal Information will only be retained for the period of time required to fulfill the purpose for which we collected it or as may be required by law.
Accuracy
Personal information will be maintained in as accurate, complete and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is to be used.
Safeguarding Client Information
Personal information will be protected by security safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information. We take all reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from any loss or unauthorized use, access or disclosure.
Openness
The most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy is available in its entirety at www.predictum.com or by contacting our Privacy Officer at info [at] predictum.com.
Client Access
Upon request, you will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of your personal information, and will be given access to it. You may verify the accuracy and completeness of your personal information, and may request that it be amended, if appropriate. However, in certain circumstances permitted by law, we will not disclose certain information to you. For example, we may not disclose information relating to you if other individuals are referenced or if there are legal, security or commercial proprietary restrictions.
Handling Client Complaints and Suggestions
You may direct any questions or enquiries with respect to our privacy policy or our practices by contacting:
Privacy Officer
Predictum Inc.
150 Eglinton Avenue East, Suite 805
Toronto, ON M4P 1E8
Canada
info [at] predictum.com
Additional Information
Cookies Notice
A cookie is a small computer file or piece of information that may be stored in your computer’s hard drive when you visit our website. We may use cookies to improve our website’s functionality and in some cases, to provide visitors with a customized online experience.
Cookies are widely used and most web browsers are configured initially to accept cookies automatically. You may change your Internet browser settings to prevent your computer from accepting cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie so that you may decline its acceptance. Please note, however, if you disable cookies, you may not experience optimal performance of our website.
Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this privacy policy. Although we endeavor to only link to sites with high privacy standards, our privacy policy will no longer apply once you leave our website. Additionally, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by third-party websites. Therefore, we suggest that you examine the privacy policies of those sites to learn how your information may be collected, used, shared and disclosed.
ServicesTraining
Integrated Analytical Systems Development
QbD
LinkedIn
Twitter
ProductsCoBase
SashLAB
CompanyAbout Us
Leadership
ResourcesBlog
Case Studies
Webinars / Events
Videos
Contact Us +1 416.398.8900
info [at] predictum.com
USA Headquarters 2375 East Camelback Road,
Suite 600
Phoenix, AZ  85016
Canada Headquarters 150 Eglinton Avenue East, Suite 805
Toronto, Ontario M4P 1E8
© 2020 Predictum Inc..
All Rights Reserved. Website: Cactus. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Site Map
We use cookies to enhance the performance and functionality of our website. If you continue to use this site or click Accept, you consent to the use of cookies.AcceptPrivacy Policy