https://www.toruspower.com/terms-of-sale/
1-877-337-9480 sales@toruspower.com
Contact Us
North AmericanTorus Power Dealers and Integrators International Distributors Meet the Torus Power Team Contact Us
Torus Power Direct
Select USA or Canada Terms of Sale
Torus Power Terms of Sale For Online Direct Purchases
Torus Power E Commerce Terms and Conditions of Sale Torus Power Toroidal Isolation transformers are the world’s finest clean power source for audio, video, and control systems. Built to a no-compromise standard of quality, performance, and reliability, Torus Power isolation transformers are engineered to perform and protect like no other. Warranty All Torus Power products come with a 5 YEAR parts and labor warranty on the isolation transformer and 2 YEAR parts and labor warranty on all other internal components. The terms of the warranty are as follows: • This Warranty only applies to the original purchaser of the transformer. This Warranty ONLY applies to repair or replacement of the Torus Power product. The product must be used only in the manner for which it was designed. The warranty covers materials and workmanship. This Warranty does not apply to any ancillary installation expenses. • Torus Power is not liable for any personal injury or consequential damage of any kind resulting from malfunctions, defects, misuse, or improper installation of the product. • Torus Power reserves the right to determine if the warranty will apply, and if its inspection determines that the Torus Power unit has been modified in any way, then the warranty will be null and void. • Operating or using the Torus Power isolation transformer under conditions not suitable for the unit will render this warranty void. • Before returning this product, please call Torus Power customer service at 1(877) 337-9480 to obtain instructions and a customer return authorization number. • This warranty gives you specific rights. The provisions of this warranty are in addition to, and not a modification of, or a subtraction from, the statutory warranties and other remedies contained in any applicable legislation. To the extent that any provision of this warranty is inconsistent with any applicable law, the provision shall be deemed void or amended to comply with such law. Representations There are no representations or warranties made outside this agreement regarding terms of sale. Any changes to this agreement must be made in writing. Shipping Please see individual catalog items for lead times. Torus Power products are shipped using UPS. Shipping costs are calculated using UPS zone-based lookup from the UPS site. Defective and Returned Goods Customer should contact Torus Power to obtain an “Authorization to Return Goods” and return Products to Torus Power prepaid. Products covered by Torus Power under warranty will be returned prepaid and insured. In case where no fault is found, goods will be returned to Customer at customer expense. Payment Payment by Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express credit cards are accepted. Terms Torus Power does not necessarily stock all products. Many Torus Power products are built when orders are placed. Please be certain before your place an order, as we cannot accept any cancellations once an order is in production. Products may not be returned for reasons of unsuitability. Copyright Statement All documents from this web site including white papers, press releases, and all other publications are copyrighted and may not be used without the express written permission of Torus Power Inc. In addition, all documents are not to be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any medium. Use for any unauthorized purpose is expressly prohibited by International laws, and may result in civil and criminal penalties. In addition, many components of this web site including its design and layout are protected and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. The use of all our properties as described above for any purpose is strictly prohibited without Torus Power’s express consent. Further, no logo, graphic, sound or image from this web site may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by Torus Power in writing. All documents and graphics contained in our web site are provided on an “as is” basis and Torus Power makes no representations about the suitability of the information for any purpose. Data in this web site is subject to change at any time and the risk of use of this information remains with the recipient. Torus Power and its suppliers will in no event be liable for any direct, or non-direct, punitive or other damages including without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, or loss of information even if Torus Power has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Privacy Disclosure of Information We declare that no information volunteered to us will be divulged to ANY third party, and that all information will be used solely for our own customer service purposes. As a customer of ours, you will find that we are secure, reliable, and discreet. We do not distribute our customer’s email addresses to anyone. You will never receive spam, junk email or any other unsolicited advertising from anyone who was given your email address from us. Information Collected Our system will record the date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed and any information downloaded. However, our systems will not record any personally identifiable information. If you decide to complete an online order, the information that you enter into the online form will only be collected by us if you submit your order. If your e-mail address is submitted, and you choose to subscribe, we will occasionally forward you information regarding Torus Power and our product range. Cookies We use “cookies” only if you come from an external source. A “cookie” is a small text file placed on your computer by our web page server. A cookie can later be retrieved by our web page servers. No personal information is collected with this cookie. Cookies are frequently used on Web Sites and you can choose if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your preferences and options in your browser. We do not store any personal information in a cookie. Cookies are used by the web server to store information in session variables. Session variables reside on the web server for a short period of time (about 10 minutes). Accordingly, if you wish place an order, it is required that you accept cookies. You may still be able to use some information-only pages even if you do not accept cookies. How we handle E-mail We will preserve the content of any e-mail that you send us, if we believe that we have a legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by our employees for security issues including where e-mail abuse is suspected; our response to you may be monitored for quality assurance issues. Acceptance and Changes to Security and Privacy Statement You acknowledge and accept that your use of the Torus Power Web Site indicates your acceptance of the Torus Power Terms of Use and the Security and Privacy Statement. This is the current Security and Privacy Statement. It replaces any other Security and Privacy Statement for the Web Site.