http://www.vtxauto.com/privacy-policies
Services
Industrial Automation Systems
PLC & HMI Programming
Systems Integration
Environmental & Equipment Monitoring
Building Automation Systems
Consulting & Design Services
Maintenance & Repair
|
Applications/Markets
Food & Beverage
Data Centers
Water & Waste Treatment
Pharma Environmental Control & Monitoring
Manufacturing
Government
Schools & Education
|
Quality
Food & Beverage
Water Remediation
Biopharm R&D
Education Facility
|
About
|
Contact
|
Privacy and Policies
Vortechs Website Policies
Navigation Errors
Please report navigation errors and other website maintenance problems and/or comments to webmaster@vtxauto.com. We appreciate your assistance in helping us maintain an error-free website.
Privacy
Your contact information, if provided from this website, will not be shared with anyone other than Vortechs and the appropriate sales and/or internet marketing partners.
Website Development
This website was designed and developed by Praxis Communications, Inc., a Philadelphia area BtoB marketing communications firm.
Vortechs Is Committed To Protecting Your Privacy
The following privacy statement describes our practice with respect to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information (personal information) on this website. By using this website, you consent to the terms of our privacy statement.
Vortechs may require you to provide us with personal information if you would like to participate in some activities available on or benefit from services offered on this website. We endeavor to limit our requests for personal information to information we believe is minimally necessary to achieve our stated collection purposes.
Please note that any comments or materials sent to us, including feedback data, are deemed to be non-confidential. We have no obligation with respect to such responses, and Vortechs shall be free to use, reproduce, distribute and publicly display such comments and materials without reference to you personally. Vortechs is also free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such responses for any purpose whatsoever unless otherwise specified.
Vortechs may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on this website, protect and defend the rights or property of Vortechs or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Vortechs employees, users of Vortechs products or services, or members of the public. Vortechs reserves the right to transfer personal information to third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets. Vortechs does not use, sell, rent, share or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third parties.
Opt-Out
Vortechs provides you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive emails from us.