http://www.ektelon.com/terms-and-conditions/
Products
New Products
Racquets
Balls
Gloves
Eyewear
Bags
Accessories
Footwear
Ektelon is the leading manufacturer of premium performance racquetball products, including racquets, balls, gloves, footwear and accessories.
View Products Now
Athletes
IRT Pros
LPRT Pros
Outdoor Pros
Collegiate
Military
International
Juniors
Team Ektelon
Sponsorship
More of the top racquetball athletes in the world choose to use Ektelon products than any other brand.
Learn More
Inside Ektelon
Ektelon History
Partners
About Us
Photo Gallery
Find a Retailer
Online Retailers
Contact Us
Careers
Interested in the history of the game and why Ektelon is synonomous with its growth?
Learn More
Join
Club Ektelon
Product Registration
Join the Ektelon Club to recevie special offers, learn about new products and receive information on upcoming events.
Sign Up Now
Play
Choose the Racquet for Your Game
Getting Ready to Play
Request a Demo
Stringing Instructions
Racquet Innovations
Events
Join in one of the nation's fastest growing sports and find the Ektelon racquet that's perfect for you.
Choose A Racquet
News
Dealer Login
Warranty
Find A Retailer
Terms and Conditions
Ektelon is committed to protecting your privacy. In this policy we explain how and why we collect your information, what we do with it and what controls you have over our use of it.
Your Acceptance of These Privacy Statement Terms By using any of the sites owned or operated by Ektelon (referred to as "Web Sites"), you unconditionally agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
From time to time, we may add or change functions, features or products to our "Web Sites" or add or change services. This, and our commitment to protecting the privacy of your personal information, may result in periodic changes to this Privacy Policy. As a result, please remember to refer back to this Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments.
What Data Do We Collect and How Do We Use It? Ektelon collects and processes information about you in order to:
identify you each time you visit a Web Site or wish to have a Service provided;
process orders or applications submitted by you;
improve our Services and Web Sites;
customize your experience, for example, provide advertisements that we think are relevant to you and which support any specific requests for information you may make through keyword searches;
carry out research on the demographics, interests and behavior of all of our customers;
send you information we think you may find useful, including information about new products and/or services.
You may be asked, either when you register with us, or at other times, for information about yourself, such as your name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number. You may also be asked to share with us your interests, hobbies and preferences. In addition, when you order certain goods or services from our Web Sites, we will need to know your credit card number and expiration date.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but if you do not, we may not be able to process your order, provide you with certain services or personalize your experience and tailor our Services for you.
Log Files/IP Addresses When you visit our Web Sites, we automatically log your IP address (the unique address which identifies your computer on the internet) which is automatically recognized by our web server. We use IP addresses to help us administer our Web Sites and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
Non Personal Information We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites. We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link to our Web Sites with information relating to the number of users linking to our Web Sites from their sites. You cannot be identified from this information.
Use of Cookies Cookies are pieces of information that a Web Site transfers to your hard drive to store and sometimes track information about you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web Site if you do so. Cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means they cannot be used to track your movements around the web. Although they do identify a user's computer, cookies do not personally identify customers or passwords. Credit card information is not stored in cookies.
We may use cookies for the following reasons:
To identify who you are and to access your account information;
To estimate our audience size and patterns;To ensure that you are not asked to register twice;
To control how often visitors see similar ads;
To track preferences and to improve and update our Web Site;
To track the progress and number of entries in some of our promotions and contests.
With Whom Is the Information Shared? Ektelon will not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties. However, we may disclose your personal information to third party suppliers who provide services on our behalf.
Ektelon may disclose aggregate statistics about our sales and/or Web Site traffic statistics in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
Ektelon may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of Ektelon and its Web Sites, visitors to the Web Sites and customers of our Services.
We will only sell or rent your personal information to a third party either as part of a sale of the assets of a Ektelon company or having ensured that steps have been taken to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Links to Third Party Web Sites Our Web Site may contain links to the sites of third parties. When you visit these sites, we suggest that you read their privacy policies. Ektelon is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information about Products and Services It is very important to us that we provide you with the highest level of service. In order to help us do this, from time to time we may send you details of our products and services which we think may be of interest to you. If at any time you do not wish to receive these details, please contact us via the methods listed below.
SecurityEktelon places a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. With regard to our Web Sites, when requesting sensitive financial information, we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt transmissions between your computer and our Web Sites. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Comments Please e-mail any questions, concerns or comments you have about our Privacy Policy to us by using our online contact form.
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Register
Contact Us
Site Terms
Site Map
Support
© 2020 Ektelon LLC.