http://www.wessex-resins.com/legal/disclaimer
Wessex Resin - disclaimer
Contact us
Home
About
Applications
Specialist underwater epoxies
Specialist flooring epoxies
Specialist mould making epoxies
Manufacturing
Products
Wessex Resins and Adhesives products
WEST SYSTEM products
PRO-SET products
Clients
Resources
News
DisclaimerWelcome to the Wessex Resins and Adhesives website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which, together with our privacy policy, govern Wessex Resins and Adhesives Limited's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The terms Wessex Resins and Adhesives Limited, 'us' and 'we' refer to the owner of the website whose registered office is Cupernham House, Cupernham Lane, Romsey, Hampshire, SO51 7LF. Our company registration number is 01607313 and is registered in England. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of this website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. We acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we pressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Wessex Resins and Adhesives Limited's prior written consent.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
Privacy    Disclaimer    Site map    ©
Wessex Resins & Adhesives Ltd.
Website by Marine Ad Agency
Our site uses cookies and similar technologies.
By clicking on the button below you agree to the cookies being used on this site.
Learn more
I understand
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer fin order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie.  Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish.  This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.
Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.  Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
See our Privacy policy for more information