http://www.wirebelt.com/terms-conditions
Toggle navigation
English
Spanish
Products
Help Center
About Us
Contact Us
The Trusted Metal Conveyor Belt Manufacturer™
Call Me Now
Find a Local Rep
(603) 644-2500
English
Spanish
Filter By:
BASIC VIEW
DETAIL VIEW
Search for:
Terms & Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Agreement", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using http://www.wirebelt.com ("the Site") operated by The Wire Belt Company of America ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at http://www.wirebelt.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by The Wire Belt Company of America and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Wire Belt Company of America. The Wire Belt Company of America has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Maryland, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
This Agreement was last modified on July 9, 2014.
North & South America
Change Region
Product & Support information on this site is intended for North America, South America, and the Caribbean. For other areas, please visit the appropriate site below:
Wire Belt Company Osterloh GmbH
Serving Germany, Austria, Switzerland, Russia, and Eastern Europe
wirebelt.de
Wire Belt Co. Ltd.
Serving the United Kingdom, Western Europe, Africa, Asia, and Australasia
wirebelt.co.uk
Products
Conveyor Belts
Conveyors
Drive Components
Weldless Jack Chains
Accessories
Help Center
12 Potential Causes of Downtime
Conveyor Frame
Belt Drive Best Practices
Inspection and Installation Check List
Belt Cleaning Fundamentals
Reverse Bends
Typical Conveyor Layouts
About Us
News & Events
Our History
Our Culture and People
Certifications, Policies, & Awards
Careers
Contact Us
Request a Quote
Contact Support
Find a Local Representative
© 2020 Wire Belt Company of America • 154 Harvey Road, Londonderry, NH 03053
ISO 9001:14001 Registered • Phone: 603-644-2500 | Fax: 603-644-3600
Privacy Shield Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
By using this Website, and/or requesting further information or a quote on this Website or through other means, or checking the terms and conditions box, you agree to the WBCA and HB Terms and Conditions set forth below, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube