https://www.airpower-usa.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is very important to us. When you choose to provide us with information about yourself, we recognize that you trust us to act in a responsible manner. It is our belief that this information should only be used to help us provide you with better products and services. Future modifications to this policy will be posted at this same location. At times our privacy policy might change, but the usage of the information we collect and the policies regarding the sharing of that information will not.
It is our objective to be your resource of choice for industrial supplies by providing you with the information and services that are most relevant to you. To achieve this goal, we need to collect information to understand what differentiates you from each of our other unique users. We collect this information in a few ways.
Registration
First, you may provide us with certain information such as your name, e-mail address, and postal addresses when registering for certain services such as online account access. This information is used for purposes such as personalization and verification.
Cookies
Second, we may track your visit to our site by giving you a “cookie” when you enter. Cookies are pieces of information that websites transfer to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Air Power uses cookies to make visiting our sites easier. Cookies allow us to save passwords and preferences for you so that you won’t have to re-enter them the next time you visit. Cookies help us to collect anonymous data for tracking site usage and errors. The use of cookies is now an industry standard, and you’ll find them used on most major websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you’ve received a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that areas of certain sites will not function properly if you set your browser not to accept cookies.
Use of Information
Any information you provide to Air Power over this website is maintained and accessible only by Air Power. Air Power may use this information to send you information such as product updates and special offers. Air Power will not disclose any information about any individual user to outside entities except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process.
Sharing of Information
The individually identifiable information that you provide will be used extensively within Air Power to provide a personalized experience for you. Air Power maintains strict controls over information you provide to us.
Opt-Out
Although many of our feedback forms allow you to opt out (elect not to participate in certain communications) of Air Power, there are still some that do not. We are currently in the process of updating the remaining forms to have this capability. However, at any time you may request to be removed from our mailing database and we will honor such requests. You may send an e-mail to our webmaster for this request. Note: If possible, please include a copy of the communication you received to help facilitate a timely and accurate removal. We welcome any questions or comments you have; please e-mail our webmaster. It is very important to us that your experience using airpower-usa.com is positive. We respect your rights.
Contact Us Email Us
1-800-334-1001
Credit App
Repair Form
Corporate Office
AirPower Inc.
1430 Trinity Ave.
High Point, NC 27260
See all locations
AirPower LocationsOur ProductsShop OnlineTranslate
Scroll to top
Translate