http://www.enerconind.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Enercon Industries Corporation
262.255.6070
Contact Us
Cap Sealing
Web Treating
Object Plasma Treating
Enercon Industries Corporation (“Enercon,” “we”, “our,” or “us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy applies to any website on which this Policy is posted (the “Site”), and describes the information we collect through your interaction with the Site, via communications with you, and Offline. By using and/or submitting information to the Site, you consent to the practices described in this document. It is recommended that you review the Privacy Policies of any website you visit, including those on websites that you access from links on this Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices on third party websites, nor does this Policy apply to those third party websites.
Information We Collect:
Enercon collects personal information about you when you provide it to us on the Site, including, your name, email address and phone number, as well as additional information necessary to properly serve your account . In some cases, Enercon will also ask for your opinion via a survey.
We also collect information automatically when you browse the Site, including information regarding your computer, your IP address, browser type, and your use of the site.
The ways we may collect information include:
Through the Site: We collect information when, for example, you request information, register for a webinar, contact us, subscribe to our email newsletter, and download content (e.g. whitepapers).
Offline: We collect information from you offline; at industry events, when you visit or call us, and when you are in contact with Enercon representatives.
Other Sources: In order to help us provide relevant content, services and offers, we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint partners, social media platforms, as well as from other third parties.
Automatic Collection of Information
When you use or interact with our Site, we or third parties may use a variety of technologies that collect information automatically, including cookies, web beacons, flash cookies, and third party applications. Those technologies may collect, among other things, your IP address, device type, date and time of visit, operating system, browser type, what webpage you visit immediately prior to or after visiting the Site and activities on the website. The information may also be collected or received by or shared with third party vendors who assist us with these activities. We use this information to help make the Site more useful and appealing to you and to better understand our users.
We also collect management information on our email campaigns, such as whether you have read an email sent by us, when and how many times you have opened an email, etc. We will use this information to improve content and services, in addition to informing groups of users about relevant products and services.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies on our websites for a number of purposes. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive by a website. They help our website run properly, allow us to provide you with a good experience and help us improve our websites.
We use the following types of cookies:
Necessary cookies.
These cookies are required for the operation of our website.
Analytical Cookies
These cookies allow us to recognize and count visitors and understand how they navigate through our website. This helps us to improve the way our website works and our visitors’ experience.
Functional cookies
These cookies help our website recognize you when you visit our website. We link the information we store in cookies to any personal information you have shared with us. We process this data so that we can provide you with timely and relevant content.
At any time, you may disable cookies (other than flash cookies) by activating the appropriate settings on your internet browser. You may refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the website may operate as intended.
Do Not Track: The Site does respond to “do not track” requests. All traffic is treated as equal and processed the same. If you desire to have your browsing be private, we suggest that you use your web browser’s private or incognito function, or similar options.
Use of Information
Enercon uses the information that it collects about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, in order to: (a) confirm and complete transactions requested by you, (b) provide customer support, (c) resolve problems and disputes with the Site, (d) contact you to verify the information you provide to us, (e) protect the security and integrity of the Site, (f) comply with and monitor compliance with and enforce this Policy and any other applicable agreements and policies, (g) notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide through it, (h) in any other way we may describe when you provide the information, (i) to improve the Site and any services offered through it, (j) for any other purpose with your consent, or (k) for purposes as generally permitted under applicable law. We keep the information that we collect about you or that you provide to us only as long as it remains valuable to serve your interests properly.
Sharing of Information
We do not rent, sell or lease information to third parties.
We will share your information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, our subcontractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and the Site. For example, we use third parties such as credit card processing, webinar & virtual meeting programs, analytics software and a marketing automation provider to manage campaigns and send out emails on our behalf. We also use third party suppliers to fulfil your orders and requests. When you sign up for information or services, we will share the personal information you provide only as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
We will also share your information with a buyer or other successor in the event of or during a merger, divestiture, restructuring, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Enercon’s assets or equity, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Enercon is among the assets transferred.
We may also share information for any other purposes disclosed by us when you provide us the information (and consent to such disclosure). This may include sharing with our representatives who may use the information to follow up with you in a timely and relevant manner, information with industry associates, such as those who present a webinar with us, in order for them to provide you with relevant information that you have expressed an interest in.
We may also share your personal information to comply with any court order or legal obligation, including responding to any lawful government or regulatory request, or if we believe disclosure is necessary to enforce or protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of our users or third parties.
Security
Enercon strives to use reasonable security measures to protect your information including to prevent unauthorized access to our systems. However, please keep in mind that the transmission of information over the Internet and on mobile platforms is not always secure, which means we cannot and do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of any personal information your provide to us. Given this reality, your use of our Site, and your decision to provide personal information to us, is at your own risk.
International Transfers
The United States, European Economic Area (“EEA”) Member States, and other countries all have different privacy laws. When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. Personal information that is submitted to the Site may be transferred to the United States, and by submitting personal information to the Site, you agree and consent to any such transfer of information.
Children
Our Site is not intended for anyone under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, without parental consent, we will delete that information and otherwise comply with the requirements of any applicable law including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Choices Regarding Our Communications and Processing of Personal Information
You may opt-out of receiving e-mail marketing communications by contacting us or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any e-mail from us. If you would like us to delete your personal information, wish to object to our processing of your personal information, would like a copy of the personal information we have about you, or would like to modify your personal information, please contact us using the methods provided in the “Contact Us” section, below.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to, and may update this Policy to reflect material changes in the manner in which we deal with personal information, including complying with law or self-regulatory standards, or for business purposes. The Policy posted here will always be current. We encourage you to review it regularly. If we make a material change to the Policy, we will post a notice of the change on the Site.
Date of Last Update: May 24, 2018
Contact Us
To ask questions or comment about this Policy, or to remove or change your personal information, or to not receive future mailings or other communications, as well as other inquiries, please contact us at any time using one of the options below:
Via Internet Contact Us form: https://www.enerconind.com
Via telephone: +1 262 255-6070
Via mail:
Enercon Industries Corporation
Attn: Data Privacy Officer
W140 N9572 Fountain Blvd.
Menomonee Falls, WI 53051
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Enercon’s website, click on an icon below for Enercon's translated websites.
Enercon Induction Sealing
Enercon Web Treating
Enercon Object Treating
Dyne Pens
Careers
Sitemap
Enercon Industries Corporation
W140 N9572 Fountain Blvd. | Menomonee Falls, WI 53051 | 262.255.6070
Copyright © 1996-2020. All rights reserved. Do not duplicate or redistribute in any form.Privacy Policy