http://www.gold-eagle.com/privacy-policy
Jump to Content
December 11, 2020
Advertise |
Contact Us |
About Us | Sign In
Search Gold Articles
Search Gold-Eagle
Home
Gold Price
Gold IRAs
Editorials
Charts
Analysis
Gold Forecasts
Authors
Silver
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 2, 2013
Welcome to Gold-Eagle.com, a service provided by Gold5000, LLC (“Gold-Eagle”). Gold-Eagle has adopted this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to inform You that it collects non-personal, personal and personally identifiable information when You use www.Gold-Eagle.com (“Website”) and to explain how this personal and personally identifiable information is used. Gold-Eagle has also adopted this Privacy Policy because it respects Your privacy and believes that it should clearly and transparently disclose its privacy practices to the You, the user.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites, and You visit such third party sites at Your own risk, consistent with their privacy policies, if any.
GOLD-EAGLE MAY CHANGE, MODIFY, AMEND, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, OR REPLACE THIS PRIVACY POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME AND WITHIN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. IN THE EVENT LEGAL ADVICE CHANGES, MODIFIES, AMENDS, OR REPLACES THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THE EFFECTIVE DATE, LOCATED ABOVE, WILL CHANGE. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE AFTER A CHANGE IN THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY CONSTITUTES YOUR MANIFESTATION OF ASSENT TO THE CHANGE, MODIFICATION, AMENDMENT, OR REPLACEMENT CONTAINED WITHIN.
Gold-Eagle may Collect the Following Personally Identifiable Information (PII) from You:
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) is information that can be used to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a single person or can be used with other sources to uniquely identify a single individual. Gold-Eagle collects PII from You only when You voluntarily provide it to us, as provided herein or in instances in which You must provide such information to use features of the Website. Gold-Eagle may collect this personal information from You through various channels, including, but not limited to, through Your voluntary submission of information to the Website, through requests initiated by You through the Website.
We may share PII with our parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates or as part of any sale, merger or acquisition.  Your PII will not be sold to unaffiliated third parties without your approval at the time of collection.  You agree to inform Gold-Eagle of any changes to Your PII, and protect the security of Your username, password and PII.
Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide You with the services made available through the Website, including to communicate with You, and to manage and improve the Website. Here is the PII that Gold-Eagle may collect from You:
Any information that You voluntarily submit/input to the Website, for example, without limitation;
First and last name;
Email address;
Social media account logins;
Business name, business website, business email address;
Contacts;
Gold-Eagle preferences; and
Other required account or other information to utilize the service.
If You purchase business advertising, or other Gold-Eagle services online, Gold-Eagle may collect and store Your billing and credit card information. This includes any information You input or store including without limitation, credit/debit card, merchant account, payment amount, transaction history or other payment information.  This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to processing Your payment. When You submit credit card numbers, Gold-Eagle encrypts that information using industry standard technology.
Payment methods may include credit card or credit transactions through:  1) the Website, via wire transfers; 2) the Website, via PayPal or a similar service; 3) the Website, via credit/debit card set up merchant services; 4) in person by a field agent or similar service and/or 5) a manual charge over the phone.  You agree to the all terms and privacy policies of any vendor Gold-Eagle uses to process Your payment.
Anyone seeking employment or to become an independent contractor as a Contributing Editor is required to provide basic information to Gold-Eagle. This basic information may include name, email, postal address, telephone numbers, education and work history, etc. By filling out an application, You consent to the collection and storing of your PII with us.
Your MAC and/or IP address.
Gold-Eagle may allow advertisers or other third party service providers to collect the same types of PII and acquire the same from such third party service providers.
Gold-Eagle May Also Collect the Following Non-PII from You:
Your computer, mobile device and browsing activities may also be stored through the use of cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, Google Analytics, and through other sources permitted by law.
1)      Your geolocation and that of Your access devices;
2)      Your use of the Website, including, without limitation, frequency of use, statistics, functionality utilized, and pages visited;
3)      Information stored in cookies, pixel tags, or web beacons as well as log files;
4)      Analytic data from Google Analytics or similar service; and
5)      Any other additional analytic data that You voluntarily submit to the Website.
6)      Your MAC and/or IP address.
Gold-Eagle Uses this PII and Non-PII Information To:
Provide You with the Website, communicate with You, identify and fix problems with the Website, update You on changes to the Website, communicate with You concerning Your account, to complete a transaction You initiated, and to update You on Gold-Eagle’s services offered through the Website or the services of third parties.
Advertisements appearing on this Website may be delivered to You by Gold-Eagle or one of our web advertising partners. We allow third parties who provide advertising services to use Cookies, as defined above, in connection with your use of the Website. Doing this allows the advertising partners to recognize your computer each time they send You an advertisement. In this manner, they may compile information about where You, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. This information allows an advertising partner to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to You. We do not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party servers of advertisers.  This privacy statement only covers the use of cookies by Gold-Eagle and does not cover the use of cookies by any of its advertisers.
Gold-Eagle may outsource or subcontract some of our technical support, tracking and reporting functions, payment processing functions, and other services to third parties. We may share information from or about You with them so that they can perform their services as long as they comply with this Privacy Policy.
Gold-Eagle may share or disclose non-private, aggregated or otherwise Non-PII in the aggregate with third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors.
You understand and agree that Gold-Eagle will not be held responsible for any third party communications sent by entities that Gold-Eagle does not own or control or for any third party links (including advertisements).  You are encouraged to review any third party privacy policies before utilizing any such third party service.
Gold-Eagle stores Your PII and Non-PII in the Following Manner:
If Gold-Eagle is using a vendor, all data storage by the vendor is consistent with the vendor’s policies.  All data storage by Gold-Eagle of Your PII or Non-PII is stored and processed on computers in the United States and, through Your use of the Website, You unequivocally consent to the processing and storage of Your information within the United States.  You understand and agree that Gold-Eagle may continue to store Your information after You cease use of the service or disable Your Account.
Gold-Eagle uses commercially reasonable and standard technology to help prevent against the unauthorized disclosure of Your personal or personally identifiable information. Though it undertakes commercially reasonable efforts to protect Your personal and personally identifiable information, no Website is completely safe. Accordingly, You provide all such personal or personally identifiable information at Your own risk.
Gold-Eagle May Share Your Information with Third Parties in the Following Circumstances:
Where Gold-Eagle has obtained Your consent, where sharing or disclosure of Your personal or personally identifiable information is necessary to provide You with the Website and/or services associated therewith, where sharing or disclosure of Your personal or personally identifiable information is necessary to share personal or personally identifiable information with Gold-Eagle’s parents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns, licensees, affiliates, or business partners, where Gold-Eagle has been purchased by a third party, where sharing or disclosure of Your personal or personally identifiable information is necessary to respond to requests by government authorities, where Your personal or personally identifiable information is demanded by a court order or subpoena, where sharing or disclosure of Your personal or personally identifiable information is needed to protect the employees, independent contractors, officers, directors, members, users, or shareholders of Gold-Eagle, and where sharing or disclosure of Your personal or personally identifiable information is needed to help prevent against fraud or the violation of any applicable law, statute, regulation, ordinance, or treaty.  You understand and agree that Gold-Eagle may specifically share Your information with mobile service providers, search engine providers, payment processors, web merchants, and online retailers in order to complete the services offered through the Website.
Gold-Eagle may share information with any Insurance Provider, and any governmental authority.
You May Limit or Stop Gold-Eagle from collecting Your Information By:
In some circumstances, You can adjust your web browser settings, limiting cookies or other tracking techniques, deleting Your Account, or by ceasing Your use of the Website in order to preclude any further capture of Your information.  You may contact Gold-Eagle with any requests regarding Your information, but Gold-Eagle reserves the right to act or not act upon such requests.
California Residents
California residents have the right to receive information that identifies any third party companies or individuals that Gold-Eagle, has shared Your Personal Information with in the previous calendar year, as well as a description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed to that third party. You may obtain this information once a year and free of charge by contacting Gold-Eagle at the address below.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Policy
The Website is not intended for or directed to users under the age of 18, and Gold-Eagle does not knowingly or intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 or other minors. Where appropriate, Gold-Eagle takes reasonable measures to determine that users are adults of legal age and to inform minors not to submit such information to the Website or in response to advertisements. If You are concerned that personal information may have been inadvertently provided to or collected by Gold-Eagle, please contact us immediately so appropriate steps may be taken to remove such information from Gold-Eagle’s database.
Contact and Notices
Questions and concerns regarding this Privacy Policy may be submitted to Resident Agent, Gold5000, LLC, C/O Traverse Legal, PLC, 810 Cottageview Dr, G20, Traverse City, MI 49684. with a copy sent via email to info@gold-eagle.com or info@silver-phoenix500.com
This Privacy Policy is developed with Gold-Eagle by the Internet law firm at www.TraverseLegal.com.
Recent Articles
Gold Price Forecast: Gold Stocks Flash A Clear Signal For Gold Investors
Gold Price Forecast 2021
Gold Price Forecast:
Gold 2200 May Come Sooner Than You Think
Gold Price Exclusive Update
Gold Price Forecast: Gold’s Bounce – Much Ado About Nothing
Barrick and Buffett; Gold and Goldman
Gold Price Forecast: Gold's Cyclic Status And U.S. Stocks Update
Free Gold-Eagle Newsletter!
Fresh insights on Gold, precious metals, & the economy
Leading analysts from around the world
Always FREE
Stay informed, sign up now!
The periodic symbol for gold is AU which come from the Latin for gold aurum.
x
Free Gold-Eagle Newsletter!
Fresh insights on Gold, precious metals, and the economy
Leading analysts from around the world
Always FREE
Stay informed, sign up now!
Home | About Us | Gold Price | Editorials | Charts | Analysis | Gold Forecast | Analysts
| Silver Phoenix 500 | Gold Trading
Visitors to Gold-Eagle
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Visit us on Facebook
-
Follow Us on Twitter