http://www.presstek.com/privacy.htm
Home
•
Contact Us
Please note: Effective April 29, 2013, we changed our online order system.
Visit store.presstek.com to order:
Service and Repair Parts for the following brands:
Presstek, ABDick, Multigraphics, Ryobi, Itek, Epson,select post-press & finishing equipment brands
Presstek Aeon CTP plates
Presstek Aeon chemistry
Presstek Aurora Pro/EXP CTP plates
Please note: Effective April 29, 2013, we changed our online order system.
Visit shop.markandy.com to order:
Presstek DI plates
Presstek Freedom Pro CTP plates
Presstek Anthem Pro CTP plates
Analog plates
Shop supplies (inks, press chemistry, and other consumables)
Post-press products
Small format or tabletop CTP systems
Search
Mark Andy,Inc. Acquires PresstekCompany OverviewContact UsPrivacy Policy
|
OverviewCommercial PrintersIn PlantsPackaging PrintersDigital PrintersFranchise Printers
|
OverviewDI Presses
Presstek DI LED-UVPresstek 52DI-AC Presstek 52DIPresstek 34DIFactory Remanufactured DI PressesPresstek 75DI
DI PlatesCTP systems
Thermal CTPInkjet CTP
Offset Plates
Anthem Elite 2Anthem Elite DOP (Europe)
Workflow
Navigator GPS & GPS EliteNavigator RIPDynagram inpO2EFI Fiery XFSierra Pre-press Workflow
Finishing EquipmentOnline Order Center
Order CTP PlatesOrder DI plates, Inks, Blankets, and related SuppliesSDS LibraryTech Tips & ArticlesEnvironmentally Friendly Supply Products
|
Services OfferedSDS SheetsOrder Parts
|
Press ReleasesEventsNews Articles
|
myDI University
Mark Andy Privacy Policy
Personal Data
As of March 2018 Assets of Presstek were acquired by Mark Andy Inc.
Under some circumstances, i.e. when requesting Presstek or other product information, Mark Andy may provide you with a form to enter personal information about yourself. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities. We need your personal information only to process your inquiry correctly. All data will be treated confidentially.
Mark Andy
does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists or data to third parties. Mark Andy may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number or other data) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Mark Andy may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Mark Andy or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Mark Andy, Inc; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Mark Andy services or members of the public.
Cookies
Mark Andy may use cookies to follow the preferences of our visitors and optimize our Web sites accordingly. A cookie is a small text file, which is placed with your permission on your computer's hard drive. You can activate or deactivate the use of cookies any time. However, we have made every possible effort to ensure that our web site will work just the same, even when you do not use cookies. Not all cookies are the same. There are two variations of cookies: temporary and log cookies. Temporary cookies are used to maintain the users session and to tell the server which page to call up next. Log cookies tell us which pages are being used. Cookies help us to improve our web site to better meet your needs. However, a cookie holds only technical data; it does not tell us your email-address or who you are.
General Data Protection Regulation - European Union
In accordance with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) effective May 25, 2018 Mark Andy Print Products wants you to know what personal information we collect and how we protect and use it.
This Privacy Policy spells out the specific personal information we may collect when you choose to do business with us. Customers are given the opportunity to view the Privacy Policy at time of User registration or any time by visiting https://shop.markandy.com/privacy . It is to be understood that by registering on our SHOP website or ordering without registration customers agree to the site Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy as indicated on the site.
Customer Rights: As a customer of Mark Andy Print Products you have the right opt out of general email communications and marketing and/or request that Personal information be erased. To request that your information be erased please email webhelp@markandy.com. Please note that while personal information such as individual name can be erased. Some general information not tied to a personal name may be retained as part of legal accounting regulations for product sales history.
Resolution of issues: Should you have concerns questions or concerns about how your personal information is being collected, used, stored or secured, please contact webhelp@markandy.com
To read more on the GDPR visit European Union General Data Protection Regulation
Mark Andy Print Products reserves the right to modify this policy and statement as we evolve our privacy policy and terms of business to further protect our customer’s information.
Site Map
|
Legal Notice
|
Privacy Policy