http://www.sgia.org/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Home
In This Section
About
Membership
Privacy Policy
DO NOT SELL
Cookie Policy
Contact
How SGIA Uses CookiesThe SGIA.org website (the “Site”) uses cookies to provide you a safer, customized, and efficient experience.When you first access the Site from certain jurisdictions, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “accept cookies”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this Cookie Policy.You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time (see How to Control Cookies, below). You can change your browser settings to refuse or restrict cookies, and you may delete them after they have been placed on your device at any time. If you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of the Site that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly.What Are CookiesCookies are small amounts of information that we may store on your local computer or mobile device when you visit the Site. When you visit the Site again, the cookies allow us to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.Cookies set by a website owner (in this case, SGIA) are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable us to provide third party features or functionality through the Site (i.e. advertising, social media functions and analytics).How to Control CookiesYou can delete cookies on your computer at any time by checking the delete cookies option in your browser of choice. Please note that after you delete your cookies, you may be asked to login again on many websites where you may have stored a login cookie. And, on the SGIA.org site, you may be prompted to re-consent to our cookie usage to continue your visit.Please follow the links below to helpful information for the most popular browsers:Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesGoogle Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform3DDesktop&hl=enMozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferencesApple Safari:  https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/macIn addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/,http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/; orhttp://www.youronlinechoices.com/SGIA.Org CookiesCookies make the use of the Site easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our cookies may enable us to relate your use of the Site to personal information that you previously provided.The information that we collect with cookies allows us to statistically analyze usage of the Site, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, we only disclose information collected with cookies to third parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.We’ve listed specific cookies you’ll receive on the SGIA.org site by category to give you details about the cookies we’re using and their role in your site usage experience.Strictly Necessary CookiesThese are cookies that are required for the operation of the Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing. These cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site and therefore cannot be refused.Specific strictly necessary cookies include, all cookies are deleted at the end of the session:ASP.NET_SessionId: Session cookie that tracks an active session.__RequestVerificationToken: This protects against cross-site request forgery (CSRF) attacks in an effort to give you a secure experience.__cfduid: This cookie identifies computers behind a shared IP address and applies security settings. This helps us separate trusted machines from infected machines.JSESSIONID: Tracks information about your visit for the site’s application and performance monitoring platform, New Relic, in an effort to provide a more stable and reliable experience.Sitename#lang: This cookie determines what language you view the site in.SGIA-SSO-SOA: Handles Single Sign On with SGIA’s AMS (Nimble)..ASPXAUTH: Indicates whether you have logged in.Analytics and Performance CookiesSGIA.org uses tracking cookies through Google Analytics and HubSpot. These cookies are designed to deliver information that is of most interest to you during your visit and beyond.The Google Analytics cookie allows us to track, in aggregate, but in no personally identifiable way and without using personal data, traffic patterns on the site so we can optimize our web development and content efforts to better meet your needs.Types of data that Google Analytics track includes (but is not limited to):Pages visited and number of pages visited per sessionDevice type, operating system, and browser type and versionReferring website or URLSite search keywords (Google Analytics only)Specific tracking cookies include:
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE: This cookie is part of SGIA’s CMS (Drupal) analytics functionality. It tracks multiple site visits for a user over time, and that data can be used to make improvements to the site._ga: Google Analytics cookie to randomly generated value to track unique visitors to the site._gat: This Google Analytics cookie is used to throttle request rate (GA).The impact is that that the site doesn’t have to send as much data improving the overall experience._utma: Google Analytics cookie used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics._utmz: Google Analytics cookie that stores the traffic source or campaign that explains you reached our site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics._gali: This Google Analytics cookie is used to support the enhanced link attribution plugin for google analytics, which allows us to distinguish between links to the same URL by appending a unique ID._unam: Tracks page usage data unless you have separately signed up with Share This which is governed by their terms and privacy.Advertising CookiesThese cookies are used to make the advertising displayed on the Sites more relevant to you. These cookies prevent ads reappearing and ensure that ads are properly displayed. Certain third party cookies may track users over different websites are will provide ads relevant to your interests.Specific advertising cookies include:id, ide, __gads, id, dsid, ged_playlist_activity, _drt_: All of those cookies except for aid are set up by doubleclick.net. Doubleclick uses cookies to improve advertising. Some common applications are to target advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance and to avoid showing ads that the user has already seen._dc_gtm: This cookie is used to help identify the visitors by either age, gender, or interests by DoubleClick - Google Tag Manager.We display interest-based advertising using information gathered about you over time across multiple websites or other platforms. This might include apps. Interest-based advertising or "online behavioral advertising" includes ads served to you after you leave our website, encouraging you to return. They also include ads we think are relevant based on your shopping habits or online activities. These ads might be served on websites or on apps. They might also be served in emails. We might serve these ads, or third parties may serve ads. They might be about our products. Where legally required, such as in the EU, we get consent to engage in interest-based advertising.Our retargeting cookie allows for you to receive advertisements for SGIA’s programs, products, and services as you visit other websites such as CNN or The Washington Post.
To decide what is relevant to you, we use information you make available to us when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties. We gather this information using the tracking tools described above. For example, we or our partners might look at your purchases or browsing behaviors. We might look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others. We work with third parties who help gather this information. These third parties might link your name or email address to other information they collect. That might include past purchases made offline or online. Or, it might include online usage information. These activities are all based on your consent. If you have not consented to the use of such analytical and advertising tracking tools, the information in this section does not apply to you.You can opt-out of online behavioral advertising.The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising program provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes. To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes, visit www.aboutads.info/choices and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choice for companies participating in this tool, download the AppChoices app here:
https://youradchoices.com/appchoicesYou may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences or by vising NAI’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.To learn more about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, the DAA’s resources at www.aboutads.info/choices and/or Your Online Choices at www.youronlinechoices.com/uk. Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s or Your Online Choices online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use.Choices you make are both browser and device-specific. Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.Google Analytics and other Google toolsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as "Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the USA.In the event IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances a full IP address will be saved to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP anonymization is active on this website. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of this website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing us with other services relating to the use of this website and the internet.The IP-address that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.By using this website, you agree to the processing of any data collected from you by Google, as well as the aforementioned method of data processing and purpose. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your web browser. However, doing so may result in many of the features on our website not functioning correctly. You can also block the cookie’s collection of data regarding your use of this website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser add-on found under the following link: (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).You can find more information on Google’s user provisions and data protection under the following links: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or https://www.google.de/intl/gb/policies/.We may also use certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Universal Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to our Services.Social Media CookiesThese cookies allow us to integrate social media functions into the Site and may also be used for advertising purposes.
Specific social media cookies include:Datr, fr, lu: These cookies are provided by Facebook and collects data on the interests of users via widgets such as the 'Like' button. This is used to serve targeted advertising to its users when logged into its services.Web BeaconsAs well as cookies, we use other technologies to recognize and track visitors to the Site. A web beacon (also known as a “tracking pixel” or “clear GIF”) is a clear graphic image (typically a one-pixel tag) that is delivered through a web browser or HTML e-mail, typically in conjunction with a cookie.Web beacons allows us, for example, to monitor how users move from one page within our websites to another, to track access to our communications, to understand whether users have come to our websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to measure how ads have been viewed and to improve site performance.Do Not Track SignalsWe do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. As such, your navigation of our Site may be tracked as part of the gathering of quantitative user information described above. If you arrive at our Site by way of a link from a third party site that does respond to “do not track” requests, the recognition of any “do not track” request you have initiated will end as soon as you reach our Site.Questions?Should you have any question about how this website is using cookies that is not addressed above, please contact Christine Cachuela,
at ccachuela@printing.org or 703.359.1315.