http://www.hydramotion.com/en/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy covers Hydramotion Limited and its website.
Access to the website
You can access and browse our site freely without disclosing your personal data. Registration is not required.
Downloads
Documents or files offered for download will be freely available without requiring registration or the disclosure of personal data.
Cookies
This website collects cookies. Cookie data is gathered with the view to monitor user behaviour, improve the user experience and ensure proper running of the site. This may include statistical monitoring and analysis of data, relating to; page visits, interactions, languages, browsers, search queries, entry/exit pages etc.
We do not sell or share any information collected by our cookies, or use our cookies for advertising purposes. We only use a first-party cookie, which means we don’t store sensitive information, nor do we have the capability to track users across different websites or devices. We also cannot link any cookie information to a specific individual.
If you wish to opt out of all cookies, the most effective way is to enable your browser to ‘Disable cookies’. Please bear in mind that if you disable cookies for this site, some sections may not function properly.
This website uses the Google Analytics service. It is possible to opt out of Google Analytics tracking for all websites you visit by installing an add-on to your browser. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on is available for Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Opera.
The add-on can be downloaded here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
This website also uses a web analytics service provided by Lucky Orange.
Lucky Orange uses first-party cookies for one or more of the following purposes: providing users with live chat box, assessing usage patterns, content heatmaps, traffic analysis, page usability, error page detection etc.
Our website is configured so that this collected data is anonymised, meaning each user’s individual privacy is maintained. However, for more information regarding Lucky Orange and your data privacy, please visit: https://privacy.luckyorange.com/
To opt-out of Lucky Orange for all websites that you visit, please visit:
https://privacy.luckyorange.com/
This website also uses a web analytics service provided by AFS Analytics. AFS Analytics uses first-party cookies for one or more of the following purposes: assessing usage patterns, page visits, countries, languages, traffic analysis, site referrals, search engine referrals etc. AFS Analytics does not share, sell, or claim any rights to this data, and any data collected is encrypted and kept secure.
This service complies with the general data protection regulations, however if you wish to opt-out please visit:
Click here to opt out of AFS Analytics cookies.
Data collection
We collect only the limited personal data that you may volunteer when you request further information about our products. We will not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than that indicated at the point on the site where the data is collected.
Log files
Access to and use of our website is logged for statistical and traffic monitoring purposes only.
Disclosure
In some cases, we may need to pass your contact details to a third party in order to fulfil your order. This could include a delivery company, or in some cases, a local distributor. This information would only be shared if completely necessary to meet the conditions of your enquiry. All our distribution partners are carefully selected by us and have an obligation to keep your data secure. In these cases, your details would only be used for the purposes authorised by us.
We may also work with third parties who pass data to us. These third parties include our business partners, sub-contractors, distributors or logistics companies. These companies may forward personal data to us under the premise of legitimate interest. In some circumstances, we may use this data to contact you. In these cases, you are entitled to refuse consent for future communications, or revoke your consent at any time.
We will not disclose your personal data to other organisations that are not relevant to the completion of your order, including State institutions and authorities unless required to do so by law or other statutory regulation or by a Court order specifically ordering such disclosure.
Access to personal data
You can ask us whether we have any personal data about you by sending an email to datacontroller@hydramotion.com. We will require proof of your identity before we can supply any information. Our response will normally be sent by email, but if you so request we can provide you with a hardcopy of the personal data we hold about you.
You may challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data erased, rectified / amended or completed.
Privacy Compliance
Our privacy policy is compliant with the Data Protection Act 1998. Specifically, the data we collect is:
fairly and lawfully processed
processed for limited purposes
adequate, relevant and not excessive
accurate
not kept longer than necessary
processed in accordance with the rights of the individual(s) concerned
secure
not transferred to countries without adequate protection.
Links
Our website does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others.
Our website contains some links to third party websites. As the content of these websites is outside our control, Hydramotion Ltd specifically disclaims any responsibility for such content.
Changes to the policy
Updates or changes to this policy will be deemed to take effect from the date they are posted on this page.
Enquiries
If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact Hydramotion Data Protection by email to datacontroller@hydramotion.com.
Since the viscometers were installed they have proved to be 100% reliable, with no fluctuation on the measurement of our liquids. We would definitely recommend them to other companies considering buying them. We design for the worst case.
We go beyond basic compliance to make sure our equipment still gives outstanding performance in the most hostile industrial environments.	 The performance has been excellent. We have not had any issues with the viscometers. The operators have come to trust them and use them to optimise the process.
Our products shape modern viscosity measurement. We are always stretching the limits of what is possible.										 Every component is considered in meticulous detail. We are obsessed with detail. Success at this level needs that obsession.												 With this viscometer we can now get the data we need to tune our mathematical models and correlations and increase the accuracy of our viscosity predictions. We question everything and copy nobody.
Every product is unique.
It is flattering to see others mimic some of what we do, but innovation is in Hydramotion’s DNA and you can’t copy that. We chose Hydramotion because they could offer us an intrinsically safe instrument that’s easy to use and low maintenance, not only that, the Hydramotion viscometer was very competitive pricewise against other machines.
Matt Surmacz, Ricoh Japan Steve Sutherland - Senior Electronic EngineerPaul Chappell, Technical Manager John Gallagher - CEOOliver Brown - Principal Product DesignerAsphWax, IncJohn Gallagher - CEOJason Laws, Senior Process Engineer