http://www.rohde-schwarz.com/us/general-information/statement-of-privacy_101515.html
Looks like you're from the United States.
Home
General information
Statement of Privacy / Data Protection
Rohde & Schwarz USA, Inc. (hereinafter "Rohde & Schwarz") is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of your data. This statement of privacy informs you how Rohde & Schwarz handles your data after it is collected on Rohde & Schwarz websites and how this data is processed. We also explain how you can influence the collection and use of your personal information.
If you pass personal data on to us, you can be sure that this information is used solely to maintain your business relationship with Rohde & Schwarz or in one of the ways set out in this statement.
Table of Content:
1. Name and address of the responsible controller / data protection officer
2. Collection, use and processing of the data
3. Disclosure of data to service providers
4. Cookies
5. Creation of user profiles
6. Newsletters
7. Accessing, changing and deleting data
8. Links to third-party websites
9. Contact form and email traffic
10. Storage period of personal data
11. Changes to the statement of privacy
1. Name and address of the responsible controller / data protection officer
The responsible controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation, other data protection laws in the Member States of the European Union and other provisions of a data protection character is:
Rohde & Schwarz USA, Inc. 6821 Benjamin Franklin DriveColumbia, MD 21046
Phone: +410-910-7800Fax: +410-910-7801E-mail: Info@rsa.rohde-schwarz.comWebsite: www.rohde-schwarz.com/us
The data protection officer is:
Stephan MetzgerRohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KGMühldorfstraße 1581671 MunichGermany
Phone: 49-89-4129-0Email: dataprotection@rohde-schwarz.com
2. Collection, use and processing of data
2.1 Notes on log files when visiting websites
When you visit a Rohde & Schwarz website, the default is that the information transmitted by your Internet provider (e.g. the domains from which you are accessing the Rohde & Schwarz websites, your IP address, the operating system, date and time, browser type, language and configurations, hyperlinks followed within Rohde & Schwarz websites and your activities on these websites) is collected automatically to enable technical operation of the websites. This information is recorded in the form of log files.
2.2 Exclusive use of the publicly accessible area
You can visit the publicly accessible Rohde & Schwarz websites without revealing any personal data. The information listed in 2.1 is analyzed in anonymous form for statistical purposes and cannot be used by Rohde & Schwarz to identify you as an individual. The IP address and other characteristics that we could use to identify you are removed before analysis. This anonymous information is only analyzed at an aggregate level to help Rohde & Schwarz understand trends and patterns in order to improve its website.
2.3 Use of websites with registration functionality
2.3.1 Use of GLORIS and RSCS-Service-Portal (Rohde & Schwarz B2B portals)
In order to register in GLORIS, you have to provide personal data such as your title, first and last name, address, email address, phone number, fax number and company name. We need this data to provide relevant service and support applications with the necessary contact information and especially to determine whether or not someone is authorized to access certain restricted-access areas of our website (user authentication).
2.3.2 Use of web stores
You can visit Rohde & Schwarz web stores without personal data being entered or saved.
However, if you wish to set up a customer account, request a quotation or place an order, then you will need to register, specifying personal data such as your title, first name, last name, company name, address, phone number and email address. When placing an order, you will also have to provide a VAT identification number. Rohde & Schwarz does not collect payment data. Depending on the method of payment you select, this data might be collected by the payment service provider.
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.22-24 Boulevard RoyalL-2449 Luxembourg
https://www.paypal.com/
2.3.3 Using the application portal in the careers section of the webpage
If you wish to apply for a job at Rohde & Schwarz through our webpages, you will need to provide certain personal data. Before the submission of a specific application, this data is used for the technical administration of the webpages, but only to the extent that is absolutely necessary.
Further information on data protection when applying for jobs is available here:
Data protection in the application process
The careers webpage and the Rohde & Schwarz application portal with the integrated application wizard are operated by Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG for its own purposes and on behalf of its affiliated companies.
We process your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and all other applicable laws.
Within the careers webpage and the linked application portal, Rohde & Schwarz uses your personal information for technical administration only to the necessary extent.
If you send us an unsolicited or a job-specific application, your data collected in the application portal can be seen by the employees involved in the recruitment process.
If you apply for a job posting at an affiliated company, your data will be transferred to the affiliated company. Unsolicited applications may also be viewed by employees of affiliated companies.
It may be necessary to forward personal data to service providers working for Rohde & Schwarz to enable them to perform their services. In such cases, all service providers are committed by Rohde & Schwarz to comply with all applicable data protection standards.
If you apply for an advertised position, your data will be processed only as necessary in the application process for the specific position. By releasing your profile in the application portal, you grant us your consent to use your personal data above and beyond a specific application to assess suitability for other positions. We will contact you to inform you of relevant job postings or recruitment events. You can revoke this consent at any time by blocking your profile.
If you are not hired, we reserve the right to delete your data after a six-month retention period if you have not updated your profile in the meantime.
The personal data of candidates in our talent pool are stored for a three-year period following a candidate's inclusion in the pool unless consent is revoked at an earlier date.
To exercise your right to information, rectification and erasure, you can access your profile in our application portal at any time.
Information
You can view your current application processes and your profile in our application portal.
Alternatively, you can assert your right to information by submitting a request to us by email: career@rohde-schwarz.com.
Rectification / Completion
You can edit or withdraw your current application processes by accessing your profile in our application portal . You can make changes to your profile at any time.
Alternatively, you can assert your right to rectification/completion of data by submitting a request to us by email: career@rohde-schwarz.com.
Erasure
You can withdraw your current applications and delete your profile and your registration in our application portal. This will have no effect on our compliance with the retention period indicated above.
Alternatively, you can assert your right to deletion by submitting a request to us by email: career@rohde-schwarz.com.
Further information on the application process is available in our FAQ section.
For further information regarding data protection, please refer to the general Rohde & Schwarz Statement of Privacy.
Valid as of 2020-10-12
2.4 Use and processing
Your personal data will be used solely for the purposes of business relationships with you or for other purposes mentioned on the Rohde & Schwarz websites or for any other stated purpose (e.g. consulting services, information about products and services, etc.). Pursuant to section 3 below, service providers engaged by Rohde & Schwarz only receive the information that is absolutely necessary for them to provide the service. If your consent is required to use the data for purposes other than those specified above, such use will only be made if you have given your consent.
Rohde & Schwarz has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures, such as the use of encryption when transmitting data, to keep your data secure, up-to-date, complete and protected from access by unauthorized third parties.
3. Disclosure of data to service providers
It may be necessary to transfer personal data to Rohde & Schwarz service providers so that they can provide services for Rohde & Schwarz. This includes, but is not limited to, answering your questions about products and services, processing event registrations, processing orders, and personalizing Rohde & Schwarz websites in line with your preferences (see section 5 Creation of user profiles). All service providers are subject to the applicable Rohde & Schwarz data protection provisions.
For service providers with a place of business in a third country outside the EU/EEA, if required by law, appropriate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the EU Parliament and of the Council of April 27, 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR) must be provided prior to transferring data.
Registration and collection of data in the ALOOM MICE marketplace
We will collect personal data concerning you as part of the registration and login process. This data is, and will be, stored and used exclusively to create and manage a user account, possibly to create booking contracts and for the purposes of the associated technical administration. If booking contracts are generated, only the data required to generate the specific individual agreement will be forwarded to the relevant contractual partner.
The legal basis for the processing the data is the consent you have given to the collection and storage of the data pursuant to Article 6 (1) a) GDPR and our legitimate interest in the generation of a fully functional user account pursuant to Article 6 (1) f) GDPR as well as the generation of booking contracts. Since the creation of a user account on ALOOM is often aimed at the conclusion of booking contracts, Article 6 (1) b) GDPR is also a legal basis for the collection and processing of the data.
After each completed event, Rohde & Schwarz will delete the customer data from the Aloom registration tool.
If you wish to have your customer data deleted immediately, please send an email to: events@rohde-schwarz.com.
4. Cookies
Rohde & Schwarz uses various technologies, in particular cookies, to collect information when its websites are visited. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on your computer by your web browser.
There are four main types of cookies: (1) Site functionality cookies, (2) Site analytics cookies, (3) Customer preference cookies, (4) Targeting or advertising cookies.
For the technical operation of the websites, Rohde & Schwarz uses site functionality cookies, which are required cookies that do not contain any personal information and are used to maintain the basic website functions and to operate the website. These cookies are not combined with any personal data you have provided.
Rohde & Schwarz also uses tracking cookies, including site analytics cookies, customer preference cookies, and targeting or advertising cookies. These cookies are used in the following ways:
Site analytics cookies – these cookies are used to analyze how the website is used by visitors, in order to improve its functionality and service offering.
Customer preference cookies – when you are browsing on rohde-schwarz.com, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your language or location) and personalize Rohde & Schwarz websites as well as optimize website functions to them. If you enter personal data in a form, this data can be saved in a cookie so that you do not have to enter the data again every time.
Targeting or advertising cookies – these are used to help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We use advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you and to limit the number of times ads are seen.
By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. However, you can directly control the storage of tracking cookies specifically for Rohde & Schwarz websites. By making the appropriate cookie setting, you can control whether or not tracking cookies are saved. Note that certain functions may no longer be available if you do not allow cookies to be saved.
You can also set up your browser to have it notify you whenever it receives a cookie or to generally prevent cookies from being saved. See your browser's help function for more information.
You can prevent the use of cookies by specific providers through their opt-out links in Section 5 below.
5. Creation of user profiles
In order to optimize the Rohde & Schwarz websites and adapt their design to customer needs, pseudonymized user data is collected and saved at an aggregate level. This data is used to create user profiles under a pseudonym. Rohde & Schwarz uses the following tracking and analysis technologies provided by the third-party providers mentioned in this section. All of these technologies use tracking cookies, but only if you have consented to them as outlined in the preceding section.
On behalf of Rohde & Schwarz, the third-party providers will use this information to record your use of the Rohde & Schwarz websites in a pseudonymous form. This information will be used to compile reports on your website activities (such as when you purchased what products in Rohde & Schwarz web stores) in order to provide Rohde & Schwarz with other services related to website use. Rohde & Schwarz also records which website functions you used and how you used them. For this purpose, Rohde & Schwarz uses the following technologies to link the data collected to your user account, provided you logged on to the website with your login data.
Rohde & Schwarz uses the above-mentioned data to analyze how you use the websites in order to
better understand how you use these websites
provide you with content and offers that may be of interest to you
improve its products and services
The IP address transmitted by your browser within the context of the following technologies is not combined with other data from the following third-party providers.
For GLORIS users, pseudonymous identifiers in the form of cryptographic hash values are used. This allows us to get an overview of your activities so that we can personalize our website to your specific needs.
Third-party providers
intelliAd
Technologies from intelliAd Media GmbH, Sendlinger Str. 7, 80331 Munich, Germany, are used on the website to collect and save data for marketing and optimization purposes. Your IP address is not used; user behavior is explicitly analyzed without using the full IP address.
You have the right to object to future collection and saving of data at any time. Please use the following link: http://login.intelliad.com/optout.php.
Adobe Analytics
Rohde & Schwarz websites use the technologies of Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Ireland, to gather information about how users interact with the website and its content. Rohde & Schwarz uses this information to make sure that the website offers visitors added value, for example by adapting the content to your personal interests.
The data is collected by Adobe Analytics and anonymized, processed and stored in Adobe computer centers in Europe.
You may opt out of tracking from this provider here:http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
Facebook
This US and Canadian version of the Rohde & Schwarz websites use Facebook to track all website traffic to allow remarketing to users on Facebook. Facebook allows the websites to track valuable actions including button clicks and form submissions that do not have a confirmation page; it further allows conversions to be tracked via defined rules (typically the URL string of the confirmation page).
You may find more information on Facebook’s tracking here (https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/)
You may opt-out of tracking by this provider here: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
Google Ads
This US and Canadian version of the Rohde & Schwarz websites use the technologies of Google Ads to track website activity to allow remarketing to users on Google Search and Display networks. These providers also track conversion actions with a confirmation page by applying the tag to the confirmation page itself and allows conversions to be tracked via defined rules (typically the URL string of the confirmation page) and convert for advanced optimization of the user experience.
You may find more information on Google Ads here (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en)
You may opt-out of tracking by this provider here: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
Hotjar
Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting our site. This is done to provide our users with a better experience, and to facilitate the use of certain functions. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar does not process this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting the ‘about Hotjar’ section (https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/categories/115001323967-About-Hotjar) of the Hotjar website. Hotjar assists us in providing our end users with a better experience and service as well as in diagnosing technical problems and analyzing user trends.
You may opt-out from having Hotjar collect your information at any time by visiting the Opt-out page (https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out) and clicking ‘Disable Hotjar’ or enabling Do Not Track (DNT) in your browser.
Hotjar Ltd, Level 2St Julians Business Centre,3, Elia Zammit StreetSt Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe+1 (855) 464-6788support@hotjar.com
LinkedIn
This US and Canadian version of the the Rohde & Schwarz websites use LinkedIn to track all website activity to allow remarketing to users on LinkedIn. This tool also allows user conversions to be tracked via a defined rule (confirmation page URL string).
You may find more information about LinkedIn ads here (https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy).
You may opt-out of tracking by this provider here: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
Mautic
(1) We use Mautic, an open source marketing automation tool, on our websites. This analysis and tracking software is also used to assign and save user data (e.g. the browser used, the page last visited, the length of time spent on the website). This allows Rohde & Schwarz to customize its marketing measures and ensure that they are ideally suited to the interests of its website visitors. The software is hosted on a virtual server, and no data is shared with third parties.
We use Mautic to manage our email marketing and our marketing campaigns. The software uses the following mechanisms:
Tracking pixelA tracking pixel loads (from the provider's server) a small GIF image that was previously assigned to an individual user profile.
Landing pagesWebsites provided as target destinations for advertising campaigns according to the individual activities assigned to anonymous profiles. The software uses the mechanisms listed below for this purpose.
Personalized linksMautic adds an identifier to links, for example to determine whether email links that have been sent and assigned to a user profile have been clicked.
CookiesMautic uses cookies to identify returning visitors. Only we can view these cookies, and they are not provided to third parties.
IP addressMautic sends us your IP address so that we can identify the user. The following data is collected:
Your activity on our websiteYour click pathThe number of page views and how long you spent on the websiteLanding pages visitedDownloads of files made available via the websiteProvided business contact details (such as your job title, business, business email address, telephone or fax number)The IP address of the device you used to access the Rohde & Schwarz website.
(2) The legal basis for this is Article 6(1) sentence 1f of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
(3) You can prevent the use of Mautic by switching your browser to private mode. We also recommend that you manually delete your cookies and browser history at regular intervals.
Twitter
This US and Canadian version of the Rohde & Schwarz websites use Twitter to track all website activity to allow remarketing to users on Twitter. Twitter further tracks conversions via a defined rule (confirmation page URL string).
You can find out more about Twitter’s tracking here: (https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads)
You may opt-out of tracking by this provider here: http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
Dynatrace
Our website uses the analysis tool Dynatrace. The application runs exclusively on our own servers and does not transmit any data to Dynatrace. The data can be used to create user profiles under a pseudonym. Cookies are used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your internet browser. Cookies make it possible to recognize your browser again. The collected data will only be used to identify pseudonymized visitors with the separately given consent of the person concerned, and this data will not be combined with other personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym.
Cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Dynatrace cookies are stored in accordance with Article 6 (1f) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the anonymized analysis of user behavior in order to optimize his website.
In addition, by enabling your browser's Do Not Track feature, you can ensure that no personal information is collected. More information is available on the Dynatrace website in the 'Data privacy and security' section: https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/data-privacy-and-security/
Adroll
The US and Canadian version of the Rohde & Schwarz websites use Adroll to allow retargeting to users on various sites outside of rohde-schwarz.com. The data collected does not personally or directly identify you when you visit our website or the websites for which you are served advertisements. Information used may include the content you view, date and time you visit this content, your location information associated with your IP address, and on what sites you saw and/or clicked on an advertisement.
You may find out more about Adroll’s tracking here: https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy
You may opt-out of tracking by this provider at either of these sites: www.aboutads.info, networkadvertising.org/choices
6. Newsletters
You can subscribe to various newsletters at several locations on Rohde & Schwarz websites. You will only receive these newsletters if you have given your explicit consent.
In some newsletters, we use web beacons to analyze how effective the newsletters are. The information collected in this way is anonymized and used for statistical analysis. It is only combined with your personal data to determine what products, solutions and services you are interested in and to advise and inform you accordingly, provided you were informed of this during registration; in such cases, we use either our own technology or the technology offered by Tripicchio AG, Engesserstrasse 4a, 79108 Freiburg, Germany.
The identity of the newsletter recipients is not disclosed to Tripicchio AG.
The text of the consent to receive a newsletter is shown here:
Consent to receive a newsletter
I want to receive information from Rohde & Schwarz via
( ) Email ( ) Post
What does this mean in detail?
I agree that Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co. KG and
a) Rohde & Schwarz Vertriebs-GmbH (for Germany) or
b) the Rohde & Schwarz entity in the imprint of this website (for any other country)
may contact me via the chosen channel (email or postal mail) for marketing and advertising purposes (e.g. information on special offers and discount promotions) related to, but not limited to, products and solutions in the fields of test and measurement, secure communications, monitoring and network testing, broadcast and media, and cybersecurity.
Your rights
This declaration of consent may be withdrawn at any time by sending an email with the subject "Unsubscribe" to news@rohde-schwarz.com. Additionally, a link to unsubscribe from future email advertisements is contained in each email sent. Further details on the use of personal data and the withdrawal procedure are set out in the “Statement of Privacy”
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Simply use the unsubscribe link in the email or, for the GLORIS newsletter, change your profile settings accordingly after login.
7. Accessing, changing and deleting data
You can view, correct and delete the personal data you entered on Rohde & Schwarz websites at any time. You have also the right to object to the continued use of this data and to withdraw the consent you have given us.
To do so, simply sent an email to dataprotection@rohde-schwarz.com or contact the data protection officer (see section 1).
If you have a GLORIS account, you can view and correct the data directly in your profile. To delete data, send an email to Customer Support: customersupport@rohde-schwarz.com.
For the processing of your personal data, you are the data subject as defined in the European General Data Protection Regulation (EU-GDPR) and you have certain rights with respect to the responsible controller.
Rights of the data subject pursuant to the EU-GDPR
7.1 Right of access
7.2 Right to rectification
7.3 Right to restriction of processing7.4 Right to erasure7.5 Notification obligation7.6 Right to data portability7.7 Right to object7.8 Right to withdraw the declaration of consent regarding data protection7.9 Automated individual decision-making, including profiling7.10 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority7.11 Lawfulness of processing
7.1 Right of access
You have the right to obtain from the controller (see section 1) confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
a. the purposes of the processing;b. the categories of personal data concerned;c. the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been disclosed or will be disclosed;d. the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;e. the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning you or to object to such processing;f. the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;g. where the personal data is not collected from the data subject, any available information as to its source;h.the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22 (1) and (4) EU-GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject. You have the right to request information about whether your personal data was transferred to a third country or an international organization. Where this is the case, you can request to be informed of the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Article 46 EU-GDPR relating to the transfer.
7.2 Right to rectification
You have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. You have the right to have incomplete personal data completed.
7.3 Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
a. you contest the accuracy of the personal data, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;b. the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of its use instead;c. the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;d. you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) EU-GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override yours. Where processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data, with the exception of storage, may only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or of a Member State. If you obtained restriction of processing pursuant to the above points, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction of processing is lifted.
7.4 Right to erasure
7.4.1. You have the right to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay, and the controller has the obligation to erase the personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:
a. Your personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.b. You withdraw consent on which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) EU-GDPR and there is no other legal ground for the processing.c. You object to the processing pursuant to to Article 21(1) EU-GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) DS-GVO.d. Your personal data has been unlawfully processed.e. The personal data concerning you has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union law or Member State law to which the controller is subject.f. The personal data concerning you has been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) EU-GDPR.
7.4.2 Where the controller has made the personal data public and is obliged pursuant to paragraph 1 to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, will take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that the data subject has requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, this personal data.
7.4.3 Paragraphs 7.4.1 and 7.4.2 will not apply to the extent that processing is necessary:
a. for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; b. for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; c. for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with points (h) and (i) of Article 9(2) as well as Article 9(3) EU-GDPR; d. for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89(1) in so far as the right referred to in paragraph 7.4.1 is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing; or e. for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.5 Notification obligation
If you have asserted the right of rectification, erasure or restriction of processing to the controller, the controller will communicate any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing to each recipient to whom your personal data has been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
You have the right to request that the controller inform you about those recipients.
7.6 Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data has been provided, where:
a. the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) or point (a) of Article 9(2) or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR; and b. the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible. This shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The right to data portability shall not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
7.7 Right to object
You have the right to object, on grounds relating your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR, including profiling based on those provisions. The controller will no longer process your personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. Where your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes.
In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, you may exercise your right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
7.8 Right to withdraw the declaration of consent regarding data protection
Insofar as you have given your consent for reasons of data protection, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
For details on withdrawal of consent for newsletters see section 6, and for tracking cookies see section 4.
7.9 Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including
profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This will not
apply if the decision:
a. is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between you and a data controller; b. is authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays downsuitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or c. is based on the data subject's explicit consent.
Decisions referred to in the points above are not based on special categories of personal data referred to in Article 9(1), unless point (a) or (g) of Article 9(2) EU GDPR applies and suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests are in place.
In the cases referred to in points (a) and (c) of this section, the controller will implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express your point of view and to contest the decision.
7.10 Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes this Regulation.
The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged will inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 EU-GDPR
7.11. Lawfulness of processing
If we obtain the data subject’s consent to the processing of his or her personal data, point (a) of Article 6(1) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis for processing.
If processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract, point b of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing.
If processing of personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which our company is subject, point (c) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR provides the legal basis.
If processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person, point (d) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR provides the legal basis.
If the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of Rohde & Schwarz or a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, then point (f) of Article 6(1) EU-GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing. The legitimate interest of our company lies in the performance of our business activities.
8. Links to third-party websites
Rohde & Schwarz websites may contain links to other websites. If you follow these links, you will leave the Rohde & Schwarz websites and also the scope of validity of this statement, which does not cover other such websites. Rohde & Schwarz cannot assume any responsibility whatsoever, neither for the privacy policy nor the content of these other websites.
9. Contact form and email traffic
A contact form is available on Rohde & Schwarz websites for electronic contact. The data you enter on the form will be transferred to Rohde & Schwarz and saved.
Data that is transferred:
Title, first name, last name, email address, phone number, company name, country, address and any data you enter in the request.It is also possible to contact us by email instead. In this case, the personal data you send by email will be stored.
10. Storage period of personal data
Your personal data will only be stored by Rohde & Schwarz (and, if applicable, by its service providers) for as long as allowed, in particular as long as the data is required for the agreed purpose or for compliance with legal obligations. When the purpose of the processing no longer exists, the data is erased.
11. Changes to the statement of privacy
Rohde & Schwarz reserves the right to change this statement at any time. We would therefore ask that you check the statement of privacy at regular intervals. If substantial changes are made, a notification to that effect will be published on our homepage.
We inform registered users and customers by email about significant changes to this statement of privacy.