http://www.duvalsearch.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.duvalsearch.com and Duval Search Associates, LLC (hereafter DSA) and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to DSA include www.duvalsearch.com and DSA. The DSA website is a News and Information site. By using the DSA website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site, such as sending us an email message. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services you have requested from us.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
DSA does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
DSA may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to DSA, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
DSA may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on DSA or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of DSA; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of DSA, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by DSA. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the DSA website.
Children Under Thirteen
DSA does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, DSA may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted. Any breach of information related to the contracted company servers is the sole legal responsibility of the third party vendors, and DSA is exonerated from any liability of that data.
Changes to this Statement
DSA reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information either by sending a notice to the primary email address you have provided to DSA, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
DSA welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that DSA has not adhered to this Statement, please contact DSA at:
Duval Search Associates, LLC
3104 Edgewater Drive
Charlottesville, VA 22911
Email Address:  derek@duvalsearch.com
Telephone number: 434-981-2910
Effective as of May 24, 2018
Navigation
Job Seekers
Current Openings
Hiring Managers
Why Duval Search?
Testimonials
Derek Duval
Resources
Articles
Videos
Contact
Recently Published
Inside Look at Duval Search
Making Your Company Work for You
Interview Preparation
The Value of Smart IT Governance
IT Audit Guy
Duval Search specializes in searches for:
- Technology Audit
- IT Risk Management
- IT Compliance
- Integrated Audit
- Audit Data Analytics
3104 Edgewater Drive
Charlottesville, VA 22911
derek@duvalsearch.com
(434) 981-2910
LinkedIn