http://www.argrov.com/cgi-bin/privacy.cgi
Privacy Policy
Hello, sign in here
Ph: 800-837-1709
Shopping Cart : Total Items: 0 : view cart / checkout
Home
Boxes & Corrugated Products
Packaging Supplies
Custom Packaging Solutions
All About Boxes
Free Samples
Specials & Discounted Items
About Us
Contact Us
Help / FAQ
Home -
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information is requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Argrov Box Web Site.
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials.
The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Personal name
Company name
Billing address
Delivery address
Email address
Phone number
Fax number
Credit/Debit Card information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people.
For example, if you direct us to "drop ship" an order to another party, you will need to submit information about the recipient.
In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Contact Name
Company name
Address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information:
We use only relevant information that you provide about yourself and your company affiliation when placing an order as a means of completing that order.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the order and get it delivered.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order to "drop ship" the product(s) and to confirm delivery.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the order and to ensure proper delivery location.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive.
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can send us a request through our Web Site if you would like to receive our catalog,
updates of our products and prices, apply for credit or request a custom quote.
Information you submit on our Web Site will not be used for any other purpose when you fill out a request form.
For purposes of updating you about changes relative to our products, product offerings and prices, (including new catalogs), we provide your name, title, company affiliation and company address to our direct mail fulfillment supplier.
We encrypt the transmission of that information to protect it and to ensure your privacy.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Web Site and to track the number of Web Site visitors.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in those manners as described above without also providing you with an opportunity to "opt-out" or otherwise prohibit such uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
In order to prevent unauthorized access, maintain date accuracy, and to ensure the correct use of information, we have established appropriate physical, electronic, and operational procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
Online, you can access all of your personally identifiable account information that we collect and maintain by using your exclusive ID and password, both selected by you.
This procedure is used to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that shows the error.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-800-837-1704 or send us an email to privacy@argrov.com.
SSL Certificate
Certified ISO 9001:2015
Site design by DaVindi Design LLC. All rights reserved.
Photography by C. Gatland Photography
Copyright © 2004-2007 Argrov Box   View Privacy PolicyView Return Policy