http://www.zogics.com/privacy-policy
Shop
Services
Industries
Resources
About
Blog
My Account
Login
Register
Orders
Autoship Subscriptions
Addresses
Account Settings
Login
Orders
Autoship Subscriptions
Addresses
Account Settings
Contact
View Quotes
Cart
Privacy Policy
Effective January 1, 2015
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To
better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and
the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice
easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable
information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all
information collected or submitted on the Zogics, LLC website: www.zogics.com. On some of our web
pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive email promotions and
newsletters and promotions. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include
name, address, email address, phone number, credit card information.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide
about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information
with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the
information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to
confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent
necessary to complete that order. We will collect and use individually identifiable
information for billing purposes, to anticipate and resolve problems with your account, or to create
and inform you of products and programs that better meet your needs. This means that Zogics, LLC may
use your individually identifiable information to market new products or programs to you that we
think will be of interest to you, but we will not disclose your individually identifiable
information to third parties who want to market products to you. If you receive a
mailing from us, (a) your address, email address, or fax is either listed with us as someone who has
expressly shared this for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you
have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your
time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings. We use non-identifying
and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we may discover that X number
of individuals visited a certain area on our website, but we would not disclose anything that could
be used to identify individuals. Finally, we never use or share the personally
identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without
also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access,
maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect
online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very
young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our
website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to
attract anyone under 13.
Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally
identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by the Zogics, LLC database. If you
create an online account on www.zogics.com, you can access your account to update your personally
identifiable information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information
by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will
also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making
corrections.
Revisions to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this
Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the
amended Privacy Policy on this website. You should check our website frequently to see the current
Privacy Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. The provisions
contained herein supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our privacy practices that
govern the use of this website.
Privacy Terms & Conditions
By using this website, you agree to
the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of these terms
and conditions, you should not use this website or any Zogics, LLC benefits or services. You agree
that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the
laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this Privacy
Policy or your access to or use of this website shall be instituted in a state or federal court in
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue
is proper in these courts.
Google Ad Network & Other Third Party
Advertising
Zogics, LLC employs the use of
remarketing to advertise online. As such, after visiting our website you may be presented with
online display ads regarding special offers from our company and/or partners as well as events that
we periodically host. Thus, third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites across
the Internet. These third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your
past visits to our website. If you'd like to opt out of Google's use of cookies, please visit their
Ads
Preferences Manager.
Goal uses temporary cookies in order to track our subscriber's behavior on our website.
Contact Us
Should you have other questions or
concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 888.623.0088 or contact us here.
×
OK