http://www.engserv.co.uk/legal.html
Quick Search
Home
Power Search
Postcode Search
List by Company
List by Postcode
Add Your Company
Upgrade Information
Support
User Control Panel
Contact Engserv
About Engserv
Legal
Join the Mail List
Add
Remove
This is an occasional email, with informative content. You can easily remove your address and your privacy is maintained
Find a clear way to track employee claims with Simply Expenses
Legal
The following information relates to the copyright of this site,
explains how we respect your privacy and other legal details:
1. Copyright
The copyright for the material contained in this web site belongs
to Morgan Web. This copyright includes the content, coding, graphics
and all aspects of this web site.
2: Terms and conditions of use
You must read and agree to these Terms and Conditions before you
can use the service provided through the Engserv web site identified
by the URL: www.engserv.co.uk
("Engserv"). Please read this document carefully. By requesting
access to Engserv you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
For the purpose of this agreement, "material" means any material
published on the Engserv web site including, without limitation
all text, images and graphics of any nature whatsoever, regardless
of whether the copyright or any other intellectual property rights
rest with Morgan Web, Engserv or a third party.
You may download and print extracts from the material and make
copies of these for your own personal use only. You are not allowed
to download or print the material, or extracts from it, in a systematic
or regular manner so as to create a database in electronic or paper
form comprising all or part of the material appearing on Engserv.
Morgan Web and Engserv do not give any warranty as to the availability,
accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability of the information
and material published on Engserv and expressly disclaim (to the
maximum extent permitted by law) all liability for any damage or
loss resulting from your use of or reliant on the information and
material published on Engserv.
You can access other sites via links from Engserv. These sites
are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way
for any of their contents.
We give no warranties of any kind concerning Engserv or the material. In particular,
we do not warrant that Engserv or any of its content is virus free. You must take
your precautions in this respect as we accept no responsibility for any infection
by virus or other communication or by anything which has destructive properties.
You will see advertising material submitted by third parties on
Engserv. Individual advertisers are solely responsible for the content
of advertising material which they submit to us, including ensuring
that it compiles with relevant legislation. We accept no responsibility
for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation,
any error, omission or inaccuracy therein.
If you want to advertise on Engserv, please contact us.
3. Personal information
The web server records the number of pages viewed, the number of
unique IP addresses and the time of each visit. This is analysed
to gauge the popularity of the site and pages contained within.
It is not used for any other purpose.
No personal information can be automatically obtained. You are
invited to provide contact details and e-mail addresses which is
only used for the purpose intended.
4. Contact
Should you have any queries regarding this information please use the contact page.
Page Created:08 Oct 2013 at 00:57:27© Copyright 2000 - 2006 EngservAll rights reserved
Home | Power Search | Postcode Search | List by Company | List by Postcode
Add Your Company | Upgrade Information | Support | User Control Panel
Contact Engserv | About Engserv | Legal | A Morgan Web Project