https://www.stagweekends.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Destinations
Activities
Build Your Own
Contact us
Client Login
Quote Me
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
At Off Limits LTD we respect your privacy and we promise to: Use your personal information only to provide you with the information you have requested or agreed to receive. Keep your data safe and secure and only process it in a manner that follows your wishes. Use cookies to improve the quality and relevance of the messages we send you. Assist you to change your mind at any time about the communications you have signed up to receive.About Off Limits LTD
Off Limits LTD's registered address is Eastview Terrace, North Street, Langley Mill, NG16 4DF. Company registration number is 05040108.
Off Limits LTD is committed to ensuring that your privacy and data is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website our service, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to update this policy from time to time by updating this page; you should check back occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy has been updated to comply with GDPR and ePrivacy Regulation.What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information: information about your IP and about your visits and use of this website (including your IP address, location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation) this is all kept within Google analytics and is non-identifiable; information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website or using our services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including name, contact information, email); any other information that you choose to send to us;What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Delivering services to you.
Internal record keeping.
We use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send newsletter emails about new services, latest industry trends or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
To provide information to you that you request relating to our services.
To inform you of any changes to our website or services or to give you any information that we believe is in your best interest.
Disclosing your information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy or in the following circumstances Where we are legally required to disclose your personal information. To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud. Where you have requested a service that requires third party support and you have given us permission to disclose your details.Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.Cookies
Because our website has Google Analytics, our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.What Are Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy/update.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at GDPR@offlimits.co.uk.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. We may also have to send your personal information to third parties to deliver services to you.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Off Limits LTD. Eastview Terrace, North Street, Langley Mill, NG16 4DF
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address or GDPR@offlimits.co.uk. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.Right To Be Forgotten
You have the right to request any/all data we hold on you to be deleted. To raise your right to be forgotten, please email your request to GDPR@offlimits.co.uk. The day of your request will begin a 28 day process in which all information we hold on you will be deleted.Data Retention
In compliance with GDPR 2018 we only hold information for as long as deemed necessary for us. Your data is not held indefinitely if we cease to work together.
Quote Me
×
First Name
Surname
Stag Name
Email Address
Telephone
Ideal Destination
Preferred Activity / Package
Group Size
Travel Dates
Number of Nights
Signup To Recieve Our Monthly Newsletter
Close
Submit
×
Client Login
Going Overseas? Click Here
Staying in the UK? Click Here
We serve cookies on this site to analyse traffic and optimise your experience.
See More Details
Ok