http://www.posicharge.com/privacy-policy/
Customer Service
Log In
REQUEST A QUOTE
HOME
Products
Products
eMHE - Smart Fast Chargers for Electric Material Handling Equipment
ProCoreTM Series
SVS80
SVS200
SVS300
DVS100
DVS150
eGSE - Smart Fast Chargers for Electric Airport Ground Support Equipment
SVS100
DVS300/330/400
MVS400
MVS800
Battery Management Tools
PosiNETTM
Battery RxTM
LP to Electric Assessment Tool
LP Meter
Electric Fleet Optimization Tool
E-Meter
Accessories
Product Resources/ Spec Sheets
SOLUTIONS
SOLUTIONS
eMHE - Smart Fast Charging for Electric Material Handling Equipment
eGSE - Smart Fast Charging for Electric Airport Ground Support Equipment
services
Services
LP to Electric Consultation
Electric Fleet Optimization Consultation
Battery Management
why posicharge
Who We Are
Why Choose PosiCharge?
PosiCharge vs Battery Changing
CONTACT
Customer Service
Log In
REQUEST A QUOTE
Check Out Our New PosiCharge ProCore Series of Premium Intelligent Chargers
LEARN MORE
Privacy Policy
Effective date: June 28, 2019
Webasto Group ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.posicharge.com/ website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.posicharge.com/
Definitions
Service
Service is the https://www.posicharge.com/ website operated by Webasto Group
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Company Name
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
If you choose to provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, organizational affiliation, and contact information, then we may use it to identify you in order to enable you use of particular services that we offer. For example, when you send us a request from our “contact us” page, we may ask you to provide information about yourself, including your name, mailing address, telephone number, email address, and other Personal Information. If you choose not to provide such information, you may not be able to receive the information you requested. If purchasing a product or service you may provide us with additional information when using certain pages and resources on the Site, including login information (user name and password) or billing information (credit card number or other payment information and billing address). We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send. Access by Webasto Group or their respective employees and consultants to any personal information you provide is limited to only information necessary to provide the business service offered and to allow employees or consultants to perform their duties.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Webasto Group uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Webasto Group legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Webasto Group may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Webasto Group Group will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Webasto Group Group will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Germany and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Germany and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Webasto Group Group will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Provision Of Personal Data As Statutory Or Contractual Requirement
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact us here.
The Controller clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Webasto Group Group may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Webasto Group Group may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Webasto Group Group
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Webasto Group aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Webasto Group relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Authorize.net
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: dataprotection@Webasto Group.com
By email for data controller: evscs@webasto.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.posicharge.com/privacy-policy
By phone number: +49 (89) 85794-0
By mail: Krailinger Strabe 5, 82131 Stockdorf, Germany
X
Sign up to receive more information
X
Products
Indoor eMHE Fast Chargers
ProCore
SVS80
SVS200
SVS300
DVS100
DVS150
Outdoor eGSE Fast Chargers
SVS100
DVS300/330/400
MVS400
MVS800
Products
Battery Management Tools
PosiNET
Battery Rx
Fleet Assessment Consulting Tools
LP Meter
E-meter
Battery & Cable Management
Accessories
Product Resources / Spec Sheets
SOLUTIONS
Smart Fast Charging for MHE
Smart Fast Charging for Airport eGSE
SERVICES
LP to Electric Consultation
Electric Fleet Optimization Consultation
Battery Management
WHY POSICHARGE
Why PosiCharge
PosiCharge vs Battery Changing
FAQ
CONTACT US
© 2020 Webasto Charging Systems, Inc. - All rights reserved.
Webasto Charging Systems Inc. A Delaware registered company with offices in California.
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Webasto Charging Systems, Inc. Brands:
Corporate - webasto.com [+] | EV Charging Products & Services
- evsolutions.com [+] | Forklift & GSE Charging Products & Services - posicharge.com [+] | Power Cycling & Test Systems
- evtestsystems.com [+]