http://www.joliet-equipment.com/privacy-policy.html
Powering today’s Rigs for tomorrow’s Energy
Traction Motors
HTM1230 AC Drilling Motor
HTM1500 AC Drilling Motor
HTM1500D AC Drilling Motor
Reconditioned DC Hi-Torque Drilling Motor
Reconditioned EMD79 DC Drilling Motor
Reconditioned 1000HP DC Drilling
New 600HP DC Drilling Motor
More
Electric Motor Rebuilding
Electric Motor Rewinding
Rotating Apparatus Services
Custom Machining
Testing
Sales
Privacy PolicyJoliet Electric Motors, LLC respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@jolietelectricmotors.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Joliet Electric Motors, LLC's website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Joliet Electric Motors, LLC is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
Joliet Electric Motors, LLC's website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Joliet Electric Motors, LLC may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Joliet Electric Motors, LLC reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Joliet Electric Motors, LLC and is effective as of December 30, 2014. This statement does not create an agreement between Joliet Electric Motors, LLC and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:
Joliet Electric Motors, LLC
1 Doris Avenue
Joliet, IL 60433Toll Free: 800.435.9350
Phone: 815.727.6606
Email: info@jolietelectricmotors.com
Website: www.joliet-equipment.com
Tweet
Print This PageEmail This Page