http://www.pneumatech.com/en/data-privacy-statement
Pneumatech Europe homepage
Products
About Pneumatech
Applications
News
Blog
FAQ
More
Close
Our products
Refrigerant dryers
Desiccant dryers
Filters
Gas generators
Condensate management
Breathing air dryers
Measurement equipment
About us
Applications
News
FAQ
Contact us
Contact a sales person
Send us a technical question
Contact
Select your country
Search
Contact
Select your country
Pneumatech
Data Privacy Statement
Data Privacy Statement
Thank you for your visit to and interest in the Pneumatech website!
Name and address of the data controller
This website is operated by PMH Druckluft GmbH (hereinafter also referred to as 'Pneumatech', 'we' or 'us'), which is also the data controller solely responsible for any data processing procedures associated with the visit unless otherwise specified below.
You can reach us by using the following contact information:
PMH Druckluft GmbH
Konrad-Zuse-Str. 12
47445 Moers
Germany
Telephone: +49 (0)2841 788 480
Contact information of the Data Protection Officer
Our company Data Protection Officer can be reached at Email:
daten.schutz@pneumatech.com
Visiting the website
When you visit our website, we can log your IP address. We can also log the type of web browser you are using, the operating system you are using and the domain name of the website from which you reached our website. The data is collected for demographic purposes, e.g. in order to determine the geographic location of visitors and the time they spend on our website. We do not draw any conclusions about you with the use of this information. The logging of this type of data enables us to manage our website, diagnose server problems, analyse trends and statistics and thereby offer you better customer service. The data is also required in order to provide prosecuting authorities with the information necessary for prosecution in the event of a cyberattack.
Our authorisation to the aforementioned data processing results for one from our legitimate interest in operating a website and a web server (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). With regard to the use of data for the provision of data to prosecuting authorities, the authorisation is based on the fact that in the event of a cyberattack we are obligated to provide data to prosecuting authorities (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
The data will not be disclosed to third parties, with the exception of our hosting service provider which hosts the website on our behalf.
We plan to store the personal data specified above for a period of 7 days and then to erase it afterwards.
We do not intend to transmit data to third countries outside of the European Economic Area.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we can send 'cookies' to your computer. A cookie is a small text file or a data fragment which the website you are visiting can store on your computer. Cookies themselves do not contain any data that can be used to personally identify the user. However, if you provide us with personal data (e.g. by registering for one of our Internet services or a password provided by us), this information can be linked with the data stored in the cookie. There are two types of cookies. The first type stores the data for a longer period on your computer and the data are also preserved after the computer is switched off. Such cookies are used in order to inform the user which data on the website have been updated since the user last visited, for example. The second type of cookies are what are known as 'session cookies'. These session cookies are temporarily stored on your computer during your visit to the website. A language selection can thereby be maintained, for example. Session cookies are not store on your computer for a longer period of time but rather are deleted when you close your web browser. We can also contract third parties to log or process cookies data.
We can use cookies for various reasons, e.g.:
•	to create anonymous statistics about surfing patterns and trends;
•	to analyse sales data;
•	to perform market research;
•	to adapt the content or functions of the website to the potential uses;
•	to support users of various Internet services or track the sites visited by them;
•	to prevent users working in password-protected areas from having to enter their information again when they return to the corresponding pages.
Our authorisation to the aforementioned data processing results for one from our legitimate interest in operating and optimising a website and a web server, analysing the data and performing market research for the user-friendly design of our site (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
How to prevent cookies:
Most web browsers can be configured so that cookies are automatically blocked or deleted from the hard drive or that you will be notified that a website contains cookies before a cookie is installed. Further information about these functions can be found in the directions or help menu of your browser. Please note that some of our websites may potentially not function correctly without cookies.
Google Analytics
We have embedded the component of Google Analytics (with anonymisation function) on this website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects data about the website from which a person has come (known as the 'referrer'), which sub-pages were visited or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed, among other things. Web analytics are regularly used for the optimisation of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA (hereinafter referred to as 'Google').
For the web analytics through Google Analytics we use the application '_gat._anonymizeIp'. By means of this extension the IP address of your Internet connection is abridged and anonymised by Google when our web pages are accessed from the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics components is our legitimate interest in analysing traffic on our website (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Google uses the collected data and information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our website for us, among other activities.
Google Analytics installs a cookie on your computer. We explain what cookies are again in detail below in section 4. The installation of the cookie enables an analysis of the use of our website. With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website, the web browser on your computer is automatically triggered by the respective Google Analytics component to transmit data to Google for the purpose of web analytics. During the course of this technical procedure, on our behalf Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as your IP address, which serves Google to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, among other activities.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website by you. With each visit to our website, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by you, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data will be stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
As explained in section 4, the data subject may prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a cookie on your computer. In addition, a cookie already set by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, you have the option to object to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. To do this, you can download a browser add-on from the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and install it. This browser add-on uses a JavaScript to notify Google Analytics that no data and information about the visits to websites is permitted to be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. However, if your computer is later erased or formatted or if the operating system is reinstalled then you must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If you uninstall or disable the browser add-on then there is the option to reinstall or reactivate the browser add-on.
If you disable the use of Google Analytics as described, this will have no affect on the usability of our website.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google can be accessed at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB and at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html. Google Analytics is further explained at https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/.
We do not store any personal data within the context of Google Analytics because the data are always immediately anonymised by Google.
Google Fonts
External fonts from Google Fonts are used on these web pages. Google Fonts is a service of Google. The embedding of these fonts is carried out through a server call, normally to a Google server in the USA. In doing so, information about which of our web pages you have visited is transmitted to the server. The IP address of the browser of the terminal device of the visitor to these web pages is also stored by Google.
The purpose of Google Fonts is the legitimate interest in the presentation of our website in the desired layout (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
You can also prevent the establishment of an automatic connection at any time by adjusting the settings of the web browser you are using accordingly; our website will then still be able to be used, albeit without the Google Fonts.
We do not store any personal data within the context of Google Fonts.
Personal data is not transmitted to other recipients.
Further information and the privacy policy of Google Fonts can be accessed in the Google Privacy Policy.
Google Maps
The Google Maps plugin is embedded on this website. The operator of Google Maps is Google.
Each time the individual pages on which the Google Maps plugin is embedded are accessed, the web browser on your computer is automatically triggered to transmit data to Google for the purpose of providing the Google Maps plugin. During the course of this technical procedure, Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as your IP address, which serves Google to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, among other activities. Specifically, the IP address, device identification, browser features, operating system details, language settings, referrer URLs and geolocation data are transmitted to Google.
The purpose of the Google Maps components is our legitimate interest in being able to provide you with an interactive map graphic with a navigation function (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
You can prevent page elements such as Google Maps from being automatically loaded through the appropriate browser settings or plugins. If you make use such settings or plugins then the map display of Google Maps will not be displayed at all or will only be displayed after you have given explicit approval; it is only then that the aforementioned data transmission to Google will occur.
We do not store any personal data within the context of Google Maps.
Personal data is not transmitted to other recipients.
Google Maps is exclusively responsible for the further processing of data. The terms of service for Google Maps can be found in the Google Maps Terms of Service. Extensive details can be found in the Google Privacy Policy.
Adobe Analytics
We have embedded the component of Adobe Analytics (with anonymisation function) on this website. Adobe Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects data about the website from which a person has come (known as the 'referrer'), which sub-pages were visited or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed, among other things. Web analytics are regularly used for the optimisation of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Adobe Analytics components is Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Ireland (hereinafter referred to as 'Adobe').
The purpose of the Adobe Analytics components is our legitimate interest in analysing traffic on our website (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Adobe uses the collected data and information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our website for us, among other activities.
Adobe Analytics installs a cookie on your computer. We explain what cookies are again in detail below in section 4. The installation of the cookie enables an analysis of the use of our website. With each visit to one of the individual pages of this website, the web browser on your computer is automatically triggered by the Adobe Analytics component to transmit data to Adobe for the purpose of web analytics. During the course of this technical procedure, on our behalf Adobe gains knowledge of personal information, such as your IP address, which serves Adobe to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, among other activities.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits to our website by you. With each visit to our website, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by you, will be transmitted to Adobe. Adobe may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
As explained in section 4, the data subject may prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Adobe from setting a cookie on your computer. In addition, a cookie already set by Adobe Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, you have the option to object to a collection of data that are generated by Adobe Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Adobe and the chance to preclude any such. You can adjust the settings at https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/opt-out.html. However, if your computer is later erased or formatted or if the operating system is reinstalled then you must opt out again in order to disable Adobe Analytics.
If you disable the use of Adobe Analytics as described, this will have no affect on the usability of our website.
Further information and the applicable Adobe Privacy Policy can be accessed at https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/policy.html.
We do not store any personal data within the context of Adobe Analytics because the data are always immediately anonymised by Adobe.
YouTube player
We have embedded components of YouTube on this website. YouTube is an Internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them. YouTube allows you to publish all kinds of videos, so you can access both full film and TV broadcasts, as well as music videos, trailers, and videos made by users via the Internet portal. The purpose of embedding is our legitimate interest in being able to present videos to you on our website (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
The operating company is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA (hereinafter referred to has 'YouTube'). YouTube is a subsidiary of Google.
With each visit to an individual page on which a YouTube component has been embedded, the web browser on your computer is automatically triggered to download the corresponding YouTube components from YouTube. Further information about YouTube can be obtained from https://www.youtube.com/yt/about. During the course of this technical procedure, YouTube and Google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by you.
If you are logged in at the same time on YouTube, YouTube detects which specific sub-site of our website was visited by you each time you visit the website. This information is collected by YouTube and Google and associated with your respective YouTube account.
YouTube and Google will receive information through the YouTube component that you have visited our website if you are logged into YouTube at the same time when you visit our website; this occurs regardless of whether you click on a YouTube video or not. If you do not wish to transmit personal data to YouTube, you can prevent such transmission by logging out of your YouTube account before accessing our website.
You can also prevent the establishment of an automatic connection at any time by adjusting the settings of the web browser you are using accordingly; our website will then still be able to be used, albeit without the videos.
YouTube's privacy policy, available at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by YouTube and Google.
We do not store any personal data within the context of YouTube.
Personal data is not transmitted to other recipients.
Online shop
Within the framework of our online shop we offer you the ability to place orders. The use of the online shop is not required for the use of the rest of our website. If you use our website then we will collect your personal information (title, name), contact information, billing and delivery address as well as information about the purchased product and your selected method of payment (credit card, PayPal, SEPA transfer).
We use these data for the processing the contract concluded with you as well as for the delivery of the ordered goods (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation), to fulfil the legal obligations which apply to us (e.g. obligations to preserve data under commercial law or tax law; Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation) and potentially for marketing purposes in our legitimate interest (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Data transmission to other recipients is carried out to our hosting service provider which hosts the website on our behalf, any service providers we use on our behalf and at our instruction, payment service providers and shippers involved by us. Recipients can also include authorities (e.g. revenue authorities).
We plan to store the data specified above for a period of 10 days and then to erase it afterwards.
We do not intend to transmit data to third countries outside of the European Economic Area.
Your rights
According to the provisions of Articles 15-20 of the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to obtain information about the personal data being stored about you. You also have the right to obtain the correction, erasure or restriction of processing of the personal data stored about you.
Regarding the processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons resulting from your particular situation (Article 21 of the General Data Protection Regulation).
In addition, you have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates applicable data privacy laws.
You can download our data privacy statement in French and German:
PMH Druckluft GmbH Déclaration de confidentialité
439.8 kB, PDF
Datenschutzerklärung PMH Druckluft GmbH
213.4 kB, PDF
Our products
Refrigerant dryers
Desiccant dryers
Filters
Gas generators
Condensate management
Breathing air dryers
Measurement equipment
About us
Applications
News
FAQ
Contact us
Contact a sales person
Send us a technical question
Our Products
Check out our products.
Contact us
Send us a mail
Call us
Follow us on:
LinkedIn
Instagram
Facebook
Legal notice and cookies
Sitemap
© 2020 Pneumatech