https://www.kbgrp.com/about-us/privacy-statement
LoginOn-Line PaymentUpload 8879Upload to Staff
Privacy StatementHome » About Us » Privacy StatementPrint / PDF
Share
Effective Date: January 2, 2014.
Kerkering, Barberio & Co. and its affiliated companies consider the protection of your privacy to be very important. Our goal is to treat any personal information you provide us with the utmost respect and in strict accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any personally identifying information you provide is voluntary. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at .
If you visit our Web site to browse, read, or download information:
You can browse our website without telling us who you are or revealing personal information about yourself. In this case our web servers automatically collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our sites; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our sites.
We may use your IP address to assist in correcting server problems and to administer our website. Additionally, we may use this information for statistical purposes, such as determining user demographics for advertising purposes.
We may use this information only as anonymous aggregate data to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our sites, to ensure the sites are working properly, and to help us make our sites more useful. We do not use it to track or record information about individuals.
If you are browsing, a cookie or tracking mechanism is used to help us measure the number of visits, time spent, pages viewed and other website statistics. This cookie, by itself does not reveal to us your e-mail address, or who you are. If you decide to request information from Kerkering, Barberio & Co. or one of our affiliated companies, we may collect additional information in order to properly respond to your request.
Cookies are small pieces of data stored by your internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. They cannot be used to collect data from your hard drive, obtain your e-mail address or personal information about you. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to prevent cookies from being sent. Please note that when you block the acceptance of cookies you limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our site.
Information Request Forms
Our website’s information request forms may require users to provide us with basic contact information (such as name, e-mail and postal addresses). Contact information from information request forms is used to send the user newsletters, register the user for an event, respond to RFP’s or otherwise contact users when necessary. This data is necessary for the processing of newsletters and registrations and providing quotes, and is used solely for those purposes. Information is never given or sold to third parties for any purpose, except to Kerkering, Barberio & Co.’s affiliated companies and to third-party service providers acting on Kerkering, Barberio & Co.’s behalf.
Kerkering, Barberio & Co. may disclose your personal information among its companies and with third-party service providers acting on Kerkering, Barberio & Co.’s behalf. However, Kerkering, Barberio & Co. will not sell, rent or lease your personal information. The personal information you provide may be transmitted, used, stored and otherwise processed outside of the country where you submitted that information, including jurisdictions that may not have data privacy laws that provide equivalent protection to such laws in your home country.
Security and protection of Information
Kerkering, Barberio & Co. uses encryption and authentication tools to protect your personal information. The information you may provide through our website is secured using industry-standard security matters to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as perfect security on the Internet, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information. In addition our employees are instructed that such information is to be used only in accordance with the principles of this Privacy Policy and the laws applicable to each specific business. Employees who misuse customer information are subject to disciplinary action.
External Links
This site may contain links to other sites not affiliated with Kerkering, Barberio & Co. and/or its affiliated companies. Neither Kerkering, Barberio & Co. nor any of its affiliated companies shall be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such non-affiliated linked websites.
Our LocationsSarasota Office1990 Main Street, Suite 801Sarasota, FL 34236Phone: 941.365.4617Toll Free: 800.966.8676Fax: 941.954.3207Lakewood Ranch Office9423 Town Center ParkwayLakewood Ranch, FL 34202Phone: 941.365.4617Tampa Office4350 West Cypress StreetMeridian One, Suite 930Tampa, FL 33607Phone: 813.675.8800ShareFile LoginLoginUpload Files8879 & State Authorizationsto a Specific KB Staff MemberSocial MediaContact Us
Kerkering Barberio - Lets Get Started.
Footer Contact form
Full Name*
First
Email*
Phone*Message
Copyright © 2020 | Kerkering, Barberio & Co |
Privacy Statement
|
Terms of Use
Our site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, analyze your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts.Privacy StatementAccept & Close
As we start to wind down 2020, please note the following:
Dear Clients and Friends of Kerkering, Barberio & Co.,
Kerkering Barberio would like to notify you that payments made on the on-line portal will cutoff at 8:00 p.m. on 12/24/2020.  The site will be down for maintenance from 8:00 p.m. 12/24/2020 through 8:00 a.m. on 01/04/2021.
If you have any questions please call 941-365-4617.
Thank You
Close
searchuserclosetwitter-squarefacebook-squarelinkedin-squareinstagram