https://www.crouzet.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Terms of use
By using this website, you agree to be bound by Crouzet terms of use set out below, as well as by the specific terms mentioned on certain pages of this website, as updated from time to time. If you do not agree to these terms, you should leave this website immediately.
Unless otherwise specified, this website, its content, and its domain name and urls:https://www.crouzet.com are the sole property of:
Crouzet Automatismes SAS
Head office: 12 rue Jean Jullien-Davin
26902 Valence Cedex 9 – France
Tel:+33 4 75 44 88 44
email
Legal status or form: société par actions simplifiée
Capital stock: €29,110,000 (2004)
Founded on: 01/01/1993 – Crouzet Automatismes SAS (1921 – Crouzet)
Registered with Trade Registry of Romans under B 663 820 413
APE code: 312A
EU VAT code: FR 35 663 820 413
Director of edition:
Benoît Secher
Crouzet Automatismes SAS
12 rue Jean Jullien-Davin
26902 Valence
France
email
Web Host:
Copyright Agent/Amazon Web Services
Amazon.com Legal Department
P.O. Box 81226
Seattle, WA 98108
Tél: (206) 266-4064
fax: (206) 266-7010
e-mail:copyright@amazon.com
The purpose of this site is to provide general information about Crouzet Automatismes SAS.
Trademark and copyright information
The Crouzet brand and any registered trademarks of Crouzet Automatismes SAS referred to on this website are the sole property of Crouzet Automatismes SAS and its subsidiaries. They may not be used for any purpose without the prior written agreement of the owner. This website and its content are protected, within the meaning of the French intellectual property code (Code de la propriété intellectuelle français, referred to hereafter as “the Code”), under the laws of copyright covering texts, drawings and models, as well as by trademark law. You agree not to reproduce, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use as defined in the Code, all or part of this website or its content on any medium whatsoever without the prior written agreement of Crouzet Automatismes SAS. You also agree not to establish any hypertext links to this website or its content. Crouzet Automatismes SAS does not grant any right or licence for the personal and non-commercial use of the website or its content, except for a non-exclusive licence to consult it on an “as is” basis, at your own risk. All other rights are reserved.
For further information, contact the webmaster at the following address: webmaster@crouzet.com
Updating of information
Crouzet Automatismes SAS makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that this website is accessible at all times and that the information contained there-in is kept up to date. You may however be prevented from accessing the site or experience access problems due to technical difficulties or during maintenance work or upgrades.
Cookies
Users should be aware that cookies may be installed automatically in their web browser when they visit this site. Cookies do not identify users but do store information about their browsing history on the website.
Photos
Avant-Première, Crouzet Automation, Shutterstock, Thinkstock.
Contributors
Crazybirds for graphic interface creation, Daventure for UX design, Sutunam for website development and Crouzet for the integration.
Export Compliance
Should you have questions or concerns regarding Crouzet’s Trade Compliance please contact us.
PrivacyThis website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Allow CookiesDismiss Cookie settingsPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.