http://www.acculam.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy PolicyLast modified: September 22, 2016Accurate Plastics respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not sell or rent to third parties any of the information collected via this website.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide on website forms submitted to us. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our products, services or solutions that we feel may benefit you. Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Accurate Plastics's website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Accurate Plastics is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our website visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policies of these other websites.Cookies
This website may set cookies on your computer. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your computer by our web server and helps recall your use of this website. Cookies are uniquely generated and assigned to you.We may also use one or more 3rd party tracking tools that utilize data collected to track and examine the use of www.acculam.com and to prepare reports regarding our website's usage. These 3rd party tracking tools do not collect personally identifiable information.Other Information We Collect
Accurate Plastics may keep track of technical information about your computer or mobile device, such as the browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions and operating system of your computer; the Internet Service Provider (ISP) or other provider you use to access this website, links on this website and certain of our services; and your internet protocol (IP) address, location and time zone setting. To help us understand the use of this website by users, improve your site experience and aid us in marketing and managing this website and our services, we may also collect information as to how you were directed to this website and our services, how you navigate around them, what products or services you browse, which external websites or links you access from this website. This information may be used, among other things, in the reporting, marketing and analysis of this website and its services and features and may be shared with our affiliates, suppliers, providers and/or their and our respective agents and contractors. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information updated, corrected or removed from our records, please us send an Email with "Update/Correct or Remove personal information" in the subject line to sales@acculam.com.Opting Out Of Email
You can choose to opt out of receiving email from Accurate Plastics at any time. Accurate Plastics markets some of its own products and services by email. Every email sent from Accurate Plastics will include appropriate unsubscribe instructions. Opting out of email offers for a specific Accurate Plastics service only opts you out of that service. To opt out of all email marketing messages from Accurate Plastics, you must send an email to sales@acculam.com from the email address you wish to unsubscribe. Please clearly state in your email, "Unsubscribe me from all Accurate Plastics email marketing." This is the only way to assure that you no longer receive email advertising messages from Accurate PlasticsData Security
We use reasonable precautions to keep user information disclosed to us secure. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.We may disclose information we collect to third parties, under contract to us, as required to operate this website, provide certain services or features offered by this website or to perform business functions on our behalf. We will only release this information to those companies that we believe to be responsible. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties who receive the information. Also, once information has been provided to a third party, it is out of the control of Accurate Plastics and subject to the policies of that third party.Children
This website is not intended for use by children, and the terms and conditions governing the use of this website and its features require that you must be at least 18 years old to use them.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Accurate Plastics may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Accurate Plastics reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Accurate Plastics and is effective as of the date last modified as noted above. This statement does not create an agreement between Accurate Plastics and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:
Accurate Plastics
18 Morris Place
Yonkers, New York 10705
Toll Free: 800.431.2274
Phone: 914.476.0700
Fax: 914.931.3137
Email: sales@acculam.com
Website: www.acculam.com
Print This PageEmail This Page
Tubes
Tubes
Epoxyglas™ G10 / FR4 Laminate Tube
Epoxyglas™ G10 nonFR Laminate Tube
Epoxyglas HT G11 / FR5 Laminate Tube
Epoxyglas HT™ G11 nonFR Laminate Tube
Siliglas™ G7 Laminate Tube
Melaglas™ G5 / G9 Laminate Tube
Phenolglas™ G3 Laminate Tube
Phenolfab™ C / CE Laminate Tube
Phenolfab™ L / LE Laminate Tube
Phenolkraft™ XX Laminate Tube
Phenolkraft™ XXX Laminate Tube
Sheets
Sheets Epoxy Fiberglass Sheets Silicone Fiberglass Sheets Melamine Fiberglass Sheets Phenolic Fiberglass Sheets Phenolic Sheets Glass Reinforced Polyester Sheets
Rods
Rods
Epoxyglas™ G10 / FR4 Laminate Rod
Epoxyglas HT™ G11 nonFR Laminate Rod
Siliglas™ G7 Laminate Rod
Melaglas™ G5 / G9 Laminate Rod
Phenolfab™ C / CE Laminate Rod
Phenolfab™ L / LE Laminate Rod
Phenolkraft™ XX Laminate Rod
Phenolkraft™ XXX Laminate Rod
Epoxyglas™ G10 / FR4 Molded Rod
Melaglas™ G5,G9 Molded Rod
Phenolfab™ C / CE Molded Rod
Phenolfab™ L / LE Molded Rod
Angles
Angles
90° Epoxyglas™ G10 / FR4 Laminated Molded Angle
90° Epoxyglas HT G11 / FR5 Laminated Molded Angle
90° Epoxyglas HT G11 nonFR Laminated Molded Angle
90° Melaglas™ G-5 / G-9 Laminated Molded Angle
90° Phenolfab™ C / CE Laminated Molded Angle
90° Phenolfab™ L / LE Laminated Molded Angle
GPO-3 90° Right Angle
Panels
Panels
Epoxyglas™ G10 / FR4 Panel
Epoxyglas HT G11 / FR5 Panel
Siliglas™ G7 Panel
Melaglas™ G5 / G9 Panel
Phenolfab™ C / CE Panel
Phenolfab™ L / LE Panel
Phenolkraft™ XX Panel
Phenolkraft™ XXX Panel
Custom
Products
Thermoset Line Card|Privacy Policy|Sitemap|Catalog Index| Terms & ConditionsFollow On:
© 2017 Accurate Plastics   |   Site created by Thomas Web Solutions and Powered by Navigator Platform
^