http://www.kochtechnology.de/en/103_0_0/privacy/
Header Info
menu
Koch
Company
Products
Machines
In stock
Second-Hand Machines
Technologies
Blowing device for drilling holes
Quick change system
WoodWelding® Technology
Dowel refilling device QUICK
K-System
Service
News
News Blog
YouTube
North America
About Us
KOCH Products
Paul Saws
Dynma Products
Support
Contact
Newsletter
Contact
Contact Persons
Contact Form
language
DE
EN
Privacy Policy
Thank you very much for your interest in our homepage and our company. We would like to draw your attention to the fact that we cannot assume any responsibility for external links to third parties' contents despite our carefully checking such contents
The privacy and protection of your personal data is very important to us when we collect, process and use such data upon your visit to our website. Your data is protected according to the applicable statutory provisions. More information on which data are collected and used during your visit to our homepage is given here below
1. COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF DATA
When you visit our website, our webserver saves temporarily each access to a log file. The following data is collected and will be saved until its automated deletion.
IP address of the recalling computer
Date and time of the recall
Name of the file recalled
Transfered data volume
Message about successful recall
Web browser and recalling domain
Website, from which the access is made
Name of your internet access provider
The purpose of processing these data is allow use the website (connection set up), for system security, for technical administration of the infrastructure of the network as well as for optimizing the internet offer. The IP address will only be evaluated in case of attacks on the infrastructure of the network of the company Koch Technology GmbH & Co. KG.
Personal data exceeding the above mentioned information is collected only if provided by you voluntarily, for instance in the framework of an enquiry or registration.
2. Utilization and Forwarding of Personal Data
If you provide us with personal data or if we collect personal data in conjunction with your visit of our web presence, such data will only be used for implementing contracts, for processing your enquiries and for technical administration purposes. We will forward or otherwise transfer your personal data to third parties only if this is required for the purposes of contract processing - especially with regard to the forwarding of order data to the supplier - for the purposes of invoicing or after we have been given your prior consent.
You are entitled to cancel a consent given at any time with effect for the future. Stored personal data will be deleted as soon as you cancel your consent to its storage, when they are no longer required to serve the purpose it was stored for or if its storage is not permitted due to other statutory reasons.
3. Right to information
Upon your written request we will inform you about all your personal data stored.
4. Safety information
We endeavour to save your personal data in a way that they are not accessable for third parties by using all technical and organisational possibilities available for us. By using our website you agree to the above mentioned privacy policy.
5. Recommendation
If you would like to contact us via e-mail, we kindly inform you that the content unencrypted e-mails can be viewed by third parties. Therefore, we advice you to send us confidential information via mail.
Through the advancement of the content of our website or the implementation of new technologies it may be possible that our privacy policy will be subject to modifications.
6. Privacy policy for the usage of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (https://www.google.de/intl/de/about 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA hereinafter "google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (such as browser type/browser version, operating system used, referrer URL (previously visited page), IP address, time of server request) is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. For these exceptional cases in which personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website and Internet use.
The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.
The website https://www.kochtechnology.de uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp".
IP anonymization is therefore activated at Koch. The IP address is made anonymous, so that an assignment to a certain natural person is not possible. As far as the data collected about you is personal, it will be excluded immediately and the personal data will be deleted immediately.
7. Integration of YouTube videos
We have integrated YouTube videos (videos of the platform “YouTube” the third party provider Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) from Koch machines into our website, which are stored on www.YouTube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated in the "extended data protection mode", i.e. no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the videos, the data mentioned below will be transferred. We have no influence on this data transmission.
By visiting the website, YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data mentioned under IV point 1. of this declaration will be transmitted. This is independent of whether YouTube provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as user profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such evaluation takes place in particular (even for unlogged-in users) to provide demand-oriented advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its use processing by YouTube is described in YouTube's privacy policy. There you will also receive further information on your rights and privacy settings: https://policies.google.com/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
8. Questions about the privacy policy
Please send an e-mail to datenschutz[at]kochtechnology.de if you have questions regarding our privacy policy.
Sources: eRecht24 Disclaimer, Google Analytics Bedingungen, DSGVO_t3n_guide
KOCH Technology GmbH & Co. KG
Industriestraße 18-22
D-33818 Leopoldshöhe
+49(0)5202 - 990-0
info@kochtechnology.de
KOCH .products
Machines for frame productionDrilling and doweling of narrow partsDrilling and dowel insertion machine
KOCH .groups
KOCH Technology · Lehbrink · KOCH LP · KOCH Resale
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter:
Imprint
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
·
KOCH TECHNOLOGY
+49(0)5202 - 990-0
© 2020 extrem beweglich
To optimise your experience on our website we use cookies. Learn more.
Necessary
Statistics
Marketing
accept