https://www.trovan.com/en/terms-use/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of UseSales and Warranty PolicyMission StatementPrivacy Policy
DATA PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. Name and Address of the Processing Controller and the Data Protection Officer:
Registered office / Headquarters TROVAN LTD.:
6th Floor
Victory House
Prospect Hill
Douglas
Isle of Man IM1 1EQ
E-Mail: admin@trovan.com Facsimile: +44 1624 677225
2. Collection and Storage of Personal Data and the Nature and Purpose of its Use
a) During a Visit to the Website
On calling up our website www.trovan.com information is automatically sent to the server of our website by the browser used by your terminal device. This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file. The following information is thereby recorded without your involvement and is stored until its automated deletion:
- the IP address of the visiting computer,
- the date and time of access,
- the name and URL of the file called up,
- the website from which the access took place (referrer URL),
- the browser used and, sometimes, the operating system of your computer and the name of your internet service provider.
The data mentioned is processed by us for the following purposes:
- to ensure seamless connection establishment of the website, - to ensure comfortable use of our website,
- for evaluation of the system’s security and stability, and
- for further administrative purposes.
The legal basis for the data processing is provided by article 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letters a and b of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our legitimate interest arises from the above-listed purposes for data collection. On no account do we use the data collected for purposes of drawing inferences to your person.
In addition to this, during visits to our website we employ cookies and analytic services. More detailed explanations on this can be found under point 4 of this data-protection statement.
b) On contacting us
With enquiries of whatever sort we offer you the possibility of contacting us inter alia via e-mail. Here the disclosure of a valid e-mail address is necessary, so that we know where the enquiry came from and are able to send a reply. Further disclosures can be made voluntarily.
The data processing for purposes of establishing contact with us is undertaken in keeping with article 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter a of GDPR on the basis of your willingly given consent.
The person-specific data collected by us for contacting us is automatically deleted after conclusion of the enquiry made by you or we restrict processing, when statutory storage obligations exist.
3. Passing On of Data
No transfer of your personal data to a third party for purposes other than those listed below takes place. We only give your personal data to a third party if
- you have consented to this, in keeping with article 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter a of GDPR,
- the passing on is necessary for assertion, exercising or defence of legal entitlements and there are no reasons to believe that you might have a predominant legitimate interest in the non-transfer of your data,
- a statutory obligation exists for the transfer, in keeping with article 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter c of GDPR, and
- this is legally permissible, and in keeping with article 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter b of GDPR, is necessary for the processing of contractual relationships with you.
4. Cookies
We make use of cookies on our site. These are small files that your browser creates automatically and that are stored on your terminal device (laptop, tablet, smart phone or similar) when you visit our site. Cookies do not harm your terminal device, they contain no viruses, trojans or other malware.
Information that in each case has to do with the specific terminal device deployed is stored in the cookie. This does not mean, however, that we thereby have direct knowledge of your identity.
The use of cookies serves, on the one hand, to make it easier for you to utilize our offer. To this end we deploy so-called session cookies to see if you have already visited individual pages of our website. These cookies are automatically deleted after you have left our site.
In addition to this, we also make use of temporary cookies, which are stored on your terminal device for a certain fixed period and serve to optimize user-friendliness. When you visit our site again in order to make use of our services it is automatically recognized that you have previously visited us and which input and settings you made use of, i.e. you need not enter these again.
We also employ cookies to statistically record and evaluate the use made of our website and for purposes of optimizing of our offer for you (see point 5). These cookies make it possible for us to automatically recognize, on a renewed visit to our site, that you have previously visited us. These cookies are automatically deleted, in each case, after a stipulated period.
The data processed by cookies is necessary for the specified purposes and for safeguarding our legitimate interests and those of third parties, in keeping with article 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter b of GDPR.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. You can, however, configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer, or that an indication is always given before a new cookie is deployed. Full deactivation of cookies can, however, result in you being unable to make use of all of the functions of our website.
5. Rights of Persons Affected
You have the right:
- in accordance with article 15 of GDPR, to demand information on your personal data processed by us. In particular, you can demand information on the purposes of the processing, the category of the personal data, the categories of recipients with respect to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned period of storage, the existence of a right to correction, deletion, limitation of the processing or objection to it, the existence of a right of objection, the origins of your data, if this has not been collected by us, and about the existence of an automated decision-making process including profiling and, where applicable, meaningful information on the related details;
- in accordance with article 16 of GDPR, to demand the immediate correction of incorrect data, or to have any incomplete personal data of yours stored by us, completed;
- in accordance with article 17 of GDPR, to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, provided the processing is not necessary for the exercising of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfilment of a legal obligation, for reasons that are in the public interest, or for assertion, exercising or defence of legal entitlements;
- in accordance with article 18 of GDPR, to demand limitations on the processing of your personal data, if the correctness of the data is contested by you, if the processing is unlawful but you reject the deletion of the data and we no longer require it, though you need it for assertion, exercising or defence of legal entitlements, or if you have protested against its processing, in accordance with article 21 of GDPR;
- in accordance with article 20 of GDPR, to demand to be sent personal data of yours, that you have provided us with, in a structured, standard and machine-readable format, or to demand its transfer to another controller;
- in accordance with article 7, paragraph 3 of GDPR, to revoke your previously given consent, with respect to us, at any time. This has the consequence that, from then on, we will no longer be entitled to undertake data processing dependent on this consent and
- in accordance with article 77 of GDPR, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. As a rule you can choose, for this purpose, the supervisory authority at your customary place of residence or workplace, or that at the place of registered address of our office.
6. Right of Objection
If your personal data is processed, on the basis of legitimate interests, in accordance with article 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter f of GDPR, you have the right, in accordance with article 21 of GDPR, to protest against the processing of your personal data, provided there are reasons for doing so that arise from your special situation, or the objection is aimed at direct advertising. In the latter case you have a general right of objection that will be implemented by us without the need for details referring to a special situation.
If you wish to make use of your right of revocation or your right of objection, it is sufficient to send an e- mail to: privacy@trovan.com
7. Data Security
During the visit to the website we make use of the much used SSL procedure (secure socket layer) in conjunction with the respective highest encryption level that is supported by your browser. This is normally a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support a 256-bit encryption, we resort instead to 128-bit v3 technology. You can see whether a single page of our Internet presentation can be transferred encrypted from the closed depiction of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
We otherwise make use of appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or deliberate manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in accordance with technological developments.
8. Current Validity of and Amendments to this Data Protection Statement
This data protection statement is currently valid and has the status as of June 2018.
Due to the further development of our website and the offers presented in it, or due to changes in statutory or official specifications, it may prove necessary to alter this data protection statement. The respective, current data protection statement can at any time be accessed and printed by you on the website https://www.trovan.com/en/terms-use/privacy-policy
Contact customer support
inform@trovan.com