https://www.ebranding.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
1 – Our Commitment to protecting your privacy
1.1 – We are committed to protecting your privacy.
1.2 – Any information about you that we collect will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2 – Information Collection and Use
2.1 – When you access our website some information is automatically recorded. These records may include information such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and the date and time that you accessed our website. This is typical of most websites.
2.2 – We use the information gathered from our website statistics to help diagnose any problems and to improve eBranding.com.au for our users.
2.3 – Our website may also use cookies to record purchasing activities and interaction with advertising displayed by third party companies.
3 – Information security
3.1 – Securely hosted in Australia
3.1.1 – The eBranding.com.au website is hosted by VentraIP Australia, the largest privately owned web host and domain name registrar in Australia.
3.1.2 – Our website is hosted from servers located in Australia and is protected by multiple layers of security.
3.2 – SSL encryption
3.2.1 – We use an SSL Certificate to encrypt the connection between your web browser and the eBranding.com.au website.
3.2.2 – You can verify the use of an SSL Certificate by checking that the URL starts with https. For example: https://www.ebranding.com.au. Many browsers will also display a green padlock to signify SSL encryption.
3.2.3 – Most browsers have options to see further information about the SSL Certificate being used.
4 – Links to external websites
4.1 – Our website contains links to websites owned by other individuals, organisations or business entities.
4.2 – Whilst we undertake regular audits of our website, including links to external websites, we cannot be held responsible for the privacy practices or content of other websites.
4.3 – We recommend that you always exercise caution when visiting other websites. It is also prudent to familiarise yourself with their privacy policies.
5 – Third party advertising, products and services
5.1 – Our website uses reputable third party companies to display advertising and to offer products and services to our website users.
5.2 – These third party companies may use cookies and other mechanisms to record user traffic directed from our website and any purchases that are made. The information that these third parties collect is governed by their own privacy policies.
5.3 – As an Amazon Associate eBranding.com.au earns from qualifying purchases.
6 – Cookies
6.1 – A cookie is usually a delicious treat. A web-based ‘cookie’ is much less exciting. It is a small file that is stored on your computer or mobile device.
6.2 – Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual and tailor their operations accordingly, by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
6.3 – If you use the internet on a regular basis, it is highly likely that you will have many cookies on your device.
6.4 – You can choose to accept or decline cookies, although most web browsers will automatically accept cookies from reputable sources.
7 – Declining or removing cookies
7.1 – You can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies altogether. Some websites may not function correctly with those settings in place.
7.2 – Existing cookies on your computer can also often be removed from the settings menu in your browser.
7.3 – Declining to accept cookies or removing existing cookies may affect your experience online.
8 – Updates to our Privacy Policy
8.1 – From time to time we may update our Privacy Policy, to ensure that it continues to reflect our commitment to protecting your privacy.
8.2 – If you have any questions or feedback about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
8.3 – This Privacy Policy was last updated on: 18 May 2018.
Hi, welcome back!
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?