http://www.strategy-business.com/privacy
Privacy StatementLast updated: July, 2020
Introduction
Strategy+business is an offering of PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory Product Sales LLC and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (together, “PwC”), members of the PricewaterhouseCoopers global network of firms.  PwC is committed to protecting your privacy. Please review this privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) for an explanation of our privacy practices in connection with the strategy+business website and its subdomains and mobile versions (collectively, the “Site”).  This Privacy Statement explains the types of information we collect when you access or use the Site and how we use, share, and protect that information.
Note, this privacy statement applies solely to the strategy+business website and does not apply to other PwC websites or applications. Please see our main Privacy Statement for information about our privacy practices unrelated to this Site.  strategy+business is published by certain member firms. Each PricewaterhouseCoopers member firm is a separate legal entity. For further details, please see www.pwc.com/structure.
Information Collection
When you access or otherwise use our Site, we will collect information about you and how you interact with our Site. We collect information about you through: (1) information you provide; (2) automatic tracking technologies; and (3) third parties.
Information You Provide
When you access the Site, you may choose to provide information about yourself such as: identifiers and contact information including your name, address, email address, job function, level, industry, and company name. By way of example, you may choose to provide your information in the following circumstances:
To register or otherwise access the Site
Request support
Subscription or ordering newsletters and/or publications
Participation in "join our mailing list" initiatives
Participation in bulletin boards, discussion, or message forums
Entering surveys, taking quizzes, or taking benchmarking surveys
Registration for events and conferences
Registration for premium online services
Contacting us for further information
Visiting our sites while logged into a social media platform
PwC does not intend to collect sensitive personal information about you through the Site. Sensitive personal information includes a number of types of data relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; trade union membership; physical or mental health; sexual life or criminal record. Please do not submit sensitive personal information through the Site. If you provide sensitive personal information to PwC through the Site, you do so voluntarily and PwC accepts your consent for us to collect, store and use your sensitive personal information in the same ways as other personal information we collect.
Automatically Collected Information
We may use online identification technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, or pixels on some pages of our Site (“Tracking Technologies”). The information we collect using these technologies includes identifiers and internet activity information such as: IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring website. Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing a more customized website experience. For example, a cookie can be used to store registration information in an area of the website so that a user does not need to re-enter it on subsequent visits to that area. PwC may use Tracking Technologies from marketing partners on our Site, third party sites, email messages and social media platforms. These Tracking Technologies aid in measuring the efficacy of our marketing and awareness campaigns and to understand how visitors navigate to our Site from a PwC ad. We use these technologies to compile aggregated statistics about visitors who interact with PwC online content, to gauge the effectiveness of our ads and to better provide more pertinent information to our visitors.
Third-Party Analytics
The collection of your personal data on the Site will be facilitated by Raven Creative, Inc.
PwC also uses website analytics providers which may set cookies in your browser.  Site activity information collected by these analytics providers may be combined with personal information held by PwC. For more information about these third-party tools, please review our Cookie Disclosure.
In order to properly manage the Site we also log anonymous information on our operational systems and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These statistics are reported in the aggregate to our webmasters. This is to ensure that the Site presents the best web experience for visitors and is an effective information resource.
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. In most cases, you may refuse or delete one or more cookies and still access the Site, but Site functionality may be impaired. After you finish browsing the Site, you may delete Site cookies from your system if you wish.
When we send you emails, we may use technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and whether the links contained within the message have been clicked on. We may combine information collected through these means with other information we maintain about you in order to measure interest in our specific offerings and email campaigns, improve our offerings to specific target audiences, and tailor our interactions with you.
Information Use
We use the information we collect as described above for various purposes depending on the context in which we collected such information.  For example, it may be necessary for us to process your information in order to process a transaction or provide a service you have requested or otherwise in accordance with a contract between us, or we may process your information in accordance with your prior consent (where you have provided such consent).
We also use the information we collect for the following business purposes:
Fulfilling your order and/or newsletter email requests;
Operating and improving the Site;
Understanding how the Site is being used;
Maintaining and improving the safety and security of the Site;
Preventing and enhancing protection against fraud, spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime and security risks;
Running our operations;
Complying with law and legal obligations as well as professional and industry standards;
Responding to your inquiries;
Managing your registration and email marketing preferences;
Sending you renewal notifications and/or service notifications;
Conducting customer satisfaction surveys;
Customizing the Site for you;
Exploring ways to develop and grow our business;
Improving our products and services; and
Sending communications about PwC products, services, and events.
The Site does not intend to collect or compile personal information for dissemination or sale to outside parties for consumer marketing purposes, or host mailings on behalf of third parties without your explicit consent.  If you do not want us to use information we collect about you through your use of the Site to provide you with information about our services, you can opt out of receiving these communications by accessing your profile to manage your choices and in the case of the newsletter, following the unsubscribe instructions at the end of the email sent to you.
Information Sharing
We are part of a global network of firms. In common with other professional service providers, PwC may transfer or disclose the information it collects, including your information, to third party contractors, subcontractors, subsidiaries and/or other PwC firms for the purposes for which you have submitted the information and for the administration of our system or Site and/or other internal, administrative purposes. We transfer your information to third party service providers of identity management, website hosting and management, data analysis, data backup, security and storage services.
PwC may also disclose information to third parties under the following circumstances:
As required by applicable law, statute, rule, regulation or professional standard, or through subpoena, search warrant or other legal process
For regulatory compliance purposes
When explicitly requested by a user
When required to deliver publications or reference materials requested by a user
With the user’s consent when required to facilitate conferences or events hosted by a third party
As necessary in connection with a corporate reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or capital
PwC does not sell personal information collected in connection with the Site.
Information Transfer; Privacy Shield Notice
Your information may be transferred outside of the U.S. or your country of residence. This includes to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and to countries that do not have laws that provide the same degree of protection for personal information.  We have taken steps designed to ensure adequate protection for any information so transferred.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and its affiliated U.S. subsidiaries adhere to the EU - U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss - U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information that is transferred from the EEA, its Member States, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland to the United States. PwC has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles within the scope of PwC’s Privacy Shield certification. To learn more, see our Privacy Shield Policy.
Where we transfer personal information outside of the EEA to a country or framework not determined by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, the transfers will be under an agreement which covers European Union requirements for such transfers, such as standard contractual clauses. The European Commission approved standard contractual clauses are available here.
Third Party Sites
This Site may link to other websites which do not operate under PwC's privacy practices. When you link to other websites, PwC's privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage you to review the privacy statement of each website you visit before disclosing any personal information.
Your Choices
Unsubscribe
Should you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, you may do so by updating your profile preferences here; should you wish to delete your Site registration, you may contact us at: strategy-business@ravencreative.com.
Managing Cookies
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers permit individuals to decline cookies. In most cases, you may refuse or delete one or more cookies and still access the Site, but Site functionality may be impaired. After you finish browsing this Site, you may delete Site cookies from your system if you wish. For more information about how to manage your cookie preferences, please review our Cookie Disclosure.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to send a message to the website operator requesting not to be tracked. Currently, we do not respond to these DNT signals. For more information about DNT, visit https://allaboutdnt.com/.
Access
You may review and change your personal information by logging into the Site and visiting your account profile page. If you would like to request to have your account information removed, please contact us at: strategy-business@ravencreative.com.
Rights
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you are located, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information. Subject to applicable law, these rights may include:
the right to know what personal information about you we have collected, disclosed, and/or sold, as applicable;
the right to obtain a copy of your personal information;
the right to have your personal information deleted;
the right to direct us not to sell your personal information (but as noted above, we do not sell personal information collected about you in connection with the Site);
the right to rectify or update your personal information;
the right to restrict the processing of your personal information;
the right to object to the processing of your personal information;
the right to withdraw your consent for processing (where processing is based on your consent). Please note that if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you the services for which it was necessary to process your information based on your consent; and
the right to exercise your privacy rights without discriminatory treatment from us.
To exercise any of the rights described above, please submit a verifiable request to us by either using our request form or calling us at 1-888-438-4427.
The verifiable request must describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it, and provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Please, however, refrain from sending us sensitive personal information.
Where permitted by law, you may use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf if you have provided the authorized agent written and signed permission to do so. We may not be able to fulfill your request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable law. We reserve the right to charge an appropriate fee for complying with a request where permitted by applicable law, and to deny a request where it may be manifestly unfounded, excessive, or unwarranted under applicable law.
We hope that you won’t ever need to, but if you do want to complain about our use of personal information, please send us a message with the details of your complaint using our general contact form. You may also contact our EU Representative, PwC Malta, by completing our EU Representative contact form.  Applicable laws may also give you the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your country.
Security
PwC has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security designed to protect personal information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized PwC personnel and the third parties described in this privacy statement are provided access to personal information and these employees and third parties have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of this information.
Children
PwC understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an online environment. The Site is not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is PwC's policy never to knowingly collect or maintain personal information about children under the age of 13.
Data Retention
We will retain the personal information collected by us through the Site for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected as set out in this Privacy Statement, provided that personal information may be held for longer periods where extended retention periods are required by law, regulation or professional standards, and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Modifications
PwC may update this Privacy Statement at any time by publishing an updated version here. You can access the most current version of this privacy statement at any time on this Site.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or about our privacy practices, please contact us at info@strategy-business.com.
Most Popular
1.How to Cultivate Leadership That Is Honed to Solve Problems
2.Building for the future
3.How to deliver great customer experience at scale
4.Why employee surveys, like political polls, are misleading
5.Lazy leaders and heroic managers
Videos, Galleries, & More
SlideshowTop shelf picks: Best Business Books 2020
InteractiveFavorite s+b covers, 1995–2020
by John Klotnia
PwC insights
The rise of the circular economy: Planning for tomorrow's energy transitions today
Companies in the energy, utilities and resources sectors have the potential to play a huge role in the development of a circular economy.
Business books Consumer & retail Energy & sustainability Healthcare Leadership Manufacturing Organizations & people Strategy Tech & innovation Thought Leaders World view
Compliance. Transformed. by PwC Experiences matter Hello, tomorrow. by PwC New world. New skills. by PwC Entertainment & Media Outlook by PwC Inside the Mind of the CEO The s+b 10 principles
collection
About s+b Advertise Contact s+b Contact webmaster Permissions Subscriptions Newsletters Digital edition & app Current issue Terms of use Privacy statement PwC website Strategy& website
Follow strategy+business
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
RSS
Apple App Store
Google Play
Articles published in strategy+business do not necessarily represent the views of the member firms of the PwC network. Reviews and mentions of publications, products, or services do not constitute endorsement or recommendation for purchase.
strategy+business is published by certain member firms of the PwC network.
© PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the PwC network and/or one or more of its member firms, each of which is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details. Mentions of Strategy& refer to the global team of practical strategists that is integrated within the PwC network of firms. For more about Strategy&, see www.strategyand.pwc.com. No reproduction is permitted in whole or part without written permission of PwC. “strategy+business” is a trademark of PwC.
×
Saving
Saving to your library.
Content Saved
The item has been saved. Click here to access your saved items, or click the “X” to go back to the article.
Login Required
To access this feature, please SIGN IN or REGISTER.
There was an error