http://www.pbsanimalhealth.com/pages/questions-about-us-terms-of-use
Accessibility Information
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Primary Navigation
Talk to us!
800-321-0235
Online Catalog
Stores
Quick Order
Order Status
My Account
Hello! Sign in
Mobile Navigation
Menu
Cart
Cart
Your #1 Animal Health Products Headquarters
search
Dairy
Beef
Horse
Swine
Sheep & Goat
Poultry
Pet
More Animals
New
Sale
SAME DAY SHIPPING
order by 4PM ET Mon-Fri
FREE SHIPPING
No $7.50 Minimum Order Charge when you spend $75+ (some exclusions apply)
Home
Questions?
About Us
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Effective
Date: August 15, 2018
1.
User’s Acceptance of
Terms
PBS Animal
Health and Horse Health USA, and their associated legal entities,
shareholders, directors, officers, agents and employees, together
with the heirs, successors, and assigns of the foregoing (the
“Associated Parties”) are herein collectively sometimes called
“us,” or we,” or “our”.
Access and use of this site and related services (the “Site”) is
provided to you, (herein called the “User” or “You” or “Your”)
subject to Your compliance with all the terms, conditions, and
notices contained or referenced in this Agreement (herein called
the “Terms of Use” or “Agreement”) or on this Site.  Our Privacy Policy is part of
these Terms of Use.
BY USING
THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE, WHICH WILL
THEN CONSTITUTE A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND
US.  IF AFTER READING
THESE TERMS OF USE YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THEM, PLEASE
IMMEDIATELY EXIT THIS SITE.  YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR
DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS SITE, OR WITH ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES,
CONTENT, OR OTHER INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THIS SITE, IS
TO STOP USING THIS SITE AND THOSE PARTICULAR PRODUCTS OR
SERVICES.  YOUR BINDING
AGREEMENT WITH US REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH THESE TERMS OF USE
BECOMES EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON YOUR USE OF THIS SITE FOLLOWING
YOUR ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE OF THESE TERMS OF
USE.  WHEN YOU USE THIS
SITE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT, WE WILL
ASSUME THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND THAT YOU AGREE
WITH ALL OF THE PROVISIONS STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE.
2.
Use of this
Site
This Site
may only be used for lawful purposes.  You are responsible for the
consequences of Your communications, uploads, transmissions, and
posting of information on or through this Site, and for use of this
Site by anyone accessing it using Your identity or login
information.  By
submitting information through this Site, You represent that You
are 18 years of age or older and not subject to any restrictions
regarding Your ability to enter into a legal
contract.  You
represent and warrant that any information You transmit to this
Site is truthful, accurate, not misleading, and offered in good
faith, and that You have the right to transmit such
information.
3.
Pharmacy, Health, and
Other Content is for Informational Purposes Only
All content
available in any pharmacy portion of this Site, or in any other
part of this Site, is provided for general informational purposes
only.  Such information
is not intended to be, and does not constitute, professional
veterinary, medical, or human health advice.  You are encouraged to seek the
services of a qualified and licensed veterinarian or medical
professional regarding the diagnosis, treatment, cure, or
prevention of any human or animal health conditions – this Site is
not a substitute for such services.  We do not represent or guarantee
that such information is accurate, complete, reliable, or
up-to-date.  All
information appearing on this Site is for your general
enlightenment with the intent that You will not rely upon such
information in place of the care and advice that only a qualified
and licensed veterinarian or medical professional can
provide.
4.
Licenses for Use of
this Site and Information
This Site,
including all of its contents, such as text, images, and the HTML
used to generate the pages are the property of PBS Animal Health
and Horse Health USA, and their Associated Parties, or its
suppliers or licensors, and may be protected by copyright,
trademark, and patent laws of the United States, or by foreign
countries or laws.
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, You are not legally
permitted to use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform,
reproduce, publish, modify, delete, add to, license, post,
transmit, or distribute, any such materials from this Site, in
whole or in part, for any public or commercial purpose whatsoever,
without our prior written permission, which we may withhold in our
sole and absolute discretion.  We grant You a personal,
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access this Site and to
use the information and services contained on this Site, subject to
Your compliance with these Terms of Use.  You grant to us and our Associated
Parties, a non-exclusive, royalty-free irrevocable license (coupled
with an interest) to use any content You provide on this Site for
any purpose, subject to the express provisions of these Terms of
Use.
5.
Changes to these
Terms
We reserve
the right to modify any of these Terms of Use in our sole
discretion, at any time and without prior notice.  In the event that we make material
changes to the Terms of Use, we will post the revised Terms of Use
and the effective date of such changes on this Site.  Unless, otherwise stated, all
modifications to these Terms of Use will be effective immediately
upon posting them.
Posting of any such modified Terms of Use on this Site will
constitute constructive notice to You of the modified Terms of
Use.  We encourage You
to check this Site frequently to see the current Terms of Use in
effect, and any changes that may have been made to
them.  Your continued
use of this Site after a change has been posted constitutes Your
acceptance of the change.  If You disagree with any changes
to these Terms of Use, Your sole remedy is to discontinue Your
use of this Site.
6.
Changes to this
Site
We reserve the right to terminate, change, suspend, or
discontinue this Site or any part or aspect of this Site,
including information, data, text, sound, photographs, graphics,
video, messages, or other materials, as well as features and
hours of availability.  These and any other changes to
this Site may be made in our sole and absolute discretion, and
without prior notice to You.  We will not be liable to you or
any other party for making such changes.  At any time, we may impose rules
for and limits on use of this Site, or restrict Your access to
all or any part of this Site, without notice, or penalty, or
liability to You or anyone associated with You.  We will have the right to change
these rules or limitations at any time, in our sole
discretion.
7.
Copyright
This Site,
and all content available on this Site, is protected by copyright,
whether or not such content has been registered or is
unregistered.  Unless
otherwise specified on this Site, no portion of this Site may be
copied, reproduced, republished, transmitted, or distributed in any
way without our prior written consent, which consent may be
withheld in our sole and absolute discretion.  Any such use of this Site’s
content for any purpose not authorized under these Terms of Use is
a violation of the copyrights of PBS Animal Health and Horse Health
USA, their Associated Parties (or other entities where
indicated).  Written
permission for all uses of this Site other than as expressly
authorized under these Terms of Use, including linking to any page
of this Site other than the home page, must be obtained from us in
advance.  Any such
request should be submitted by email to WeCare@pbsanimalhealth.com
Use of this Site, or
of any content available on this Site, on any other website, social
media, or any other networked computer environment, is
prohibited.  Unless
otherwise indicated in this Site, all words, graphics, pictures and
other content in any form, and all design rights, compilation
rights, and other intellectual property rights in this Site,
together with the related goodwill, are proprietary to PBS Animal
Health and Horse Health USA., its Associated Parties, or its
licensors, whether such rights are registered or
unregistered.
8.
Trademarks
All
trademarks, service marks, logos, and trade names on this Site,
whether registered or unregistered, are proprietary to the PBS
Animal Health and Horse Health USA, and their Associated Parties or
to other people or legal entities where indicated.  You may not reproduce, download,
or otherwise use any such trademarks, service marks, logos, or
trade names without our prior written consent, or other appropriate
owner.
9.
Prohibited
Activities
When using
this Site, You are not permitted to:
§
send or otherwise
transmit to or through this Site any unlawful, infringing,
damaging, harmful, harassing, defamatory, threatening, vulgar, or
otherwise objectionable material of any kind, as we determine in
our sole and absolute discretion;
§
send or otherwise
transmit communications which incite civil unrest,
radicalization, hate crimes, or action against us, any of our
vendors or suppliers, any person or groups of persons, or the
United States of America, its individual states, territories, or
protectorates;
§
misrepresent Your
identity or affiliation in any way;
§
access data, servers,
or accounts that You are not authorized to access;
§
post material that is
not Your own, or that You do not have permission to use, such as
copyrighted materials, trade secrets, or other material that
infringes on another’s intellectual property, privacy, or
publicity rights;
§
interfere in any way
with the security of this Site or our networks, or attempt to use
this Site to gain access to any other computer system;
§
attempt to, or
actually probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or
network, or to breach security or authentication measures;
§
attempt to, or
actually interfere with service to any user, host, or network,
including by submitting a virus to this Site, overloading,
“flooding”, “mail-bombing”, or “crashing”; or sending unsolicited
email, including promotions or advertising of products or
services;
§
violate any applicable
laws or regulations, or encourage conduct that may do so;
or
§
assist or permit any
person engaging in any of the prohibited activities described
above.
10.
Site
Security
You are
prohibited from violating, or attempting to violate, the security
of this Site.  Any such
violation may result in criminal and civil penalties against
You.  We will
investigate all alleged or suspected violations, and if a criminal
violation is suspected, we will cooperate with law enforcement
agencies in their investigations and prosecution.  We aggressively pursue all civil
remedies in connection with any such violation.
11.
Unsolicited
Ideas
Although we
greatly value our new and established customers, we are not able to
accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new
products or services.
You should not transmit any material to this Site that You consider
to be confidential or proprietary.  Any material that You do transmit
to this Site or to us will be considered non-confidential and
non-proprietary.  Except
as expressly provided in our Privacy Policy, You give us an
unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use,
reproduce, display, publicly perform, transmit, and distribute any
such information as we desire in our sole discretion.  You also agree that we have the
right to freely use any concepts, know-how, ideas, and other
intellectual property that You, or someone acting on Your behalf,
transmit to this Site or otherwise transmits to us, without a legal
obligation to pay anyone or account to You or other interested
parties.
12.
International
Use
We control
and operate this Site from our offices in the United States of
America, and all orders and information are processed within the
United States.  We do
not represent that the products or materials on this Site are
appropriate or available for use outside of the United
States.  Those who
choose to access this Site from outside the United States do so
voluntarily, and are solely responsible for compliance with all
applicable local laws and all additional charges associated with
purchasing product from outside the United States.  Any offer for any product,
service, information, or promotion on this Site is void where
prohibited.
13.
Links to Other
Websites
This Site
may contain links to other websites for Your
convenience.  If You
follow these links, You may leave this Site.  Some of these third-party websites
may use our trademarks, service marks, or logos under license from
us.  We are not
responsible for the availability or content of these other
websites, or for any product or service provided by these other
websites, or for any experience You may have with such third-party
websites, whether we are affiliated with the owners of such
websites or not.  Our
decision to provide links to other websites should not be
interpreted as our endorsement or approval of the organizations
sponsoring such third-party websites, or of their products or
services.  By following
any link on this Site, You hereby waive all legal rights against us
in connection with such other websites, and any product or service
which this Site owner or sponsor may provide.
14.
Copyright
Claims
The Digital
Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) may provide recourse to copyright
owners who believe their rights under the United States Copyright
Act have been infringed on the internet.  If You are a copyright owner, or
the agent of a copyright owner, and You believe that any content on
this Site infringes Your copyrights, we suggest that You contact a
legal professional who can advise You about Your
rights.  You may have
a right to submit notification about the alleged infringement
under the DMCA.  Our
designated copyright agent to receive notifications and
counter-notifications of claimed infringement can be reached by
mail addressed to PBS Animal Health, Attn: Copyright Agent, 2780
Richville Drive SE Massillon Ohio 44646
15.
Resale
Restrictions
By using
this Site, You agree that upon resale to a third person of any
product purchased through this Site, You will strictly adhere to
and comply with all policies regarding: minimum advertised pricing,
restrictions as to where and how a product may be re-sold or
marketed, policies restricting resale on particular websites or
through particular distributors, and all anti-divergent policies
that may be imposed from time to time.  Failure to comply with such
policies will constitute a breach of Your obligations under this
Agreement, may result in termination of Your right to use this
Site, and may subject You to liability and damages for breach of
contract.
16.
Jurisdictional
Issues
This Site is
controlled and operated by the PBS Animal Health and Horse Health
USA, and their Associated Parties from their offices within the
State of Ohio, United States of America.  Persons who choose to access this
Site from outside the State of Ohio or outside the United States do
so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are solely
responsible for compliance with laws and regulations of the foreign
State or Country to which they might be subject, including (but not
limited to) applicable taxes, tariffs, import expenses, and other
add-on costs.  Access to
this Site from jurisdictions where the contents of this Site are
illegal or penalized is prohibited.  No information from this
Site may be downloaded or otherwise re-exported: (i) into a country
or to a national or resident of a country to which the United
States embargoes or sanctions goods, services, or technology; (ii) to
anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated
Nationals, or (iii) to
anyone on the United States Commerce Department's Table of Denial
Orders.  By using information from
this Site, You represent
and warrant that neither You, nor anyone for whose benefit You may
be operating, are on any
such list, are located in any such country, are a national or resident of any
such country, and any
transaction which You initiate is not, and will not upon
fulfillment, be in
violation of any embargo or other governmental restrictions on the
sale or receipt of the product or service.  You agree to
defend,
indemnify, and hold PBS
Animal Health and Horse Health USA, and their Associated
Parties, harmless, from
and against any loss,
damages, liability, claim,
lawsuit, penalty or fine,
which may be asserted against them or which they incur in
connection with any such prohibited actions.
17.
Termination of Use of
Site
We abide by
all applicable anti-discrimination laws and regulations but may
otherwise terminate Your use of this Site and Your ability to
purchase product or services at any time in our sole and absolute
discretion, without cause
or reason.   In the event of such
termination, You must
immediately destroy any content obtained from this
Site, including all
copies of such content.
18.
Survival of Certain
Provisions
The
provisions of these Terms of Use that contemplate continuing obligations or
restrictions following termination of this Site or Your use of this
Site, or which in order
to give such provisions meaning must continue after the completion
of any purchase transaction arising in connection with this Site
(the “Continuing
Provisions”) will continue after the completion of any such
transaction or termination of this Site or Your use of this Site.
The Continuing Provisions to
which this paragraph applies include, but are not limited
to, provisions regarding
Site security, prohibited activities, limitations on use,
copyrights, trademarks, user
submissions,
disclaimers, limitation of liability, Your waivers, dispute resolution,
indemnity, warranty
disclaimers, minimum advertised pricing policies, resale policies and other
anti-divergent policies,
choice of law and
jurisdictional issues.
19.
No
Guarantees
You
acknowledge that neither PBS Animal Health and Horse Health
USA, nor their Associated
Parties, represent or
guarantee the accuracy,
reliability,
availability,
timeliness,
performance,
completeness, or
suitability of any of the materials or any other content available
on this Site.
You acknowledge that such
content may contain inaccuracies or errors, and You hereby waive all
claims,
lawsuits, and causes of
action against the PBS Animal Health and Horse Health USA and its
Associated Parties arising out of any such materials or
content.
20.
Disclaimer of
Warranties
We
constantly strive to provide our customers with valuable
information and descriptions of the products that we offer on this
Site.  However, much of the content on this Site is
written by third parties.
Therefore, You acknowledge and agree
that:
THE CONTENT
PRESENTED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED WITHOUT GUARANTIES OR WARRANTIES
OF ANY NAME OR NATURE.   TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT
WARRANT THAT THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE WILL BE FREE
FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER
HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
WE DO NOT MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE
USE OF THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE OR THE CORRECTNESS,
ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY
OF ANY ASPECT OF THIS
SITE.
Applicable
law may not allow certain exclusions of implied warranties, so some or all of the above
disclaimers may not apply to You.
21.
Limitation of
Liability
You
agree on behalf of yourself and others claiming through
You, and Your
heirs, successors and
assigns, that neither PBS Animal Health and Horse Health USA, nor
any of their Associated
Parties, will be
liable for damages of any name or nature arising out of Your use
of this Site.  Specifically, and without
limiting the preceding sentence, You on behalf of yourself and
others claiming through You, and Your heirs, successors and assigns, agree that PBS Animal Health and Horse Health USA and their
Associated Parties shall not be liable for consequential
damages,
incidental
damages, special
damages,  punitive
damages, indirect
damages, lost
profits, or diminution
in equitable value of a commercial enterprise, arising out of or
in connection with the following (regardless of whether or not we
have been advised of the possibility of such damages): Your use of this Site, the inability to use this
Site, any product of
service purchased through this Site, Your use of
any website to which this Site is linked, loss of privacy, loss of or damage to credit,
stolen identity,
breach of confidentiality, theft or wrongful appropriation
of personal or commercial information provided to us, loss of data, or damage to any computer
system or software (each of the foregoing is herein
referred to as the “Claim Occurrence”.   The above limitations will
not apply to the extent that they are
prohibited by applicable law.   In the event that through
the Exclusive Dispute Resolution Process set forth below in
paragraph 26, we are found liable for damages
arising out the foregoing occurrences despite the above
limitations,
You agree that such damages for all parties to any claim or
action, or related
claim or action will never exceed a total of Fifteen Hundred
Dollars ($1,500) and
You, on behalf of yourself and others claiming through You, and
Your heirs, successors and assigns, agree to accept that
amount as liquidated damages in full satisfaction of all claims
against us, and You on behalf of yourself and others claiming
through You, and Your heirs, successors and assigns, hereby forever irrevocably waive
all claims for damages in excess of that amount.
22.
Indemnification
You agree on
behalf of yourself and others claiming through You, and Your
heirs, successors and
assigns, to indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless
PBS Animal Health and
Horse Health USA and
their Associated Parties, together with all third parties
who have provided information included in this Site and all interested
licensors and licensees,
from all liabilities,
claims, causes of action,
lawsuits,
damages, costs and
expense, including
attorney fees and litigation related costs (where permitted by
law), arising out of or
in connection with Your use of this Site, any product or services that You
purchase through this Site, and/or Your breach of these Terms
of Use.  You agree to cooperate with
us in the defense of any such claim. We reserve the right to select our own
legal counsel and to assume exclusive control of any matter subject
to indemnification by You
under these Terms of Use.
The indemnification obligations set forth in
this paragraph may not apply to You if they are not permitted under
applicable law.
23.
Labelling and Written
Content
You
understand and agree that
we do not manufacture the products that are presented to You for
purchase on this Site. Since we do not test or otherwise determine
the constituent ingredients of such products, their
characteristics, efficacy, or source, we are not in a position to
make representations in that regard.  We are not in any way responsible
for content, or any omissions,
relating to written materials that accompany a product sold
on this Site--whether appearing
on a label, packaging, attachment, or in a separate
writing (including, copyrights, trademarks, service
marks, patents and other proprietary interests claimed by a third
party, language in the form of instructions,
directions, ingredients, warnings, warranties, indications and contraindications
for use, or
representations that a product is totally or partially “natural”
or “organic”, etc.).  You hereby waive all
lawsuits and claims against the Associated Parties, of every name or nature, arising out of the foregoing
written materials accompanying any product that You
purchase on this Site,
and You agree to direct all such lawsuits or claims only against the product’s Manufacturer.
24.
Governing Law and
Jurisdiction
This Site
(excluding any linked sites) is controlled by PBS Animal Health and
Horse Health USA, and/or their Associated Parties, from their principle
administrative office in
the state of Ohio, United
States of America. This
Site can be accessed from all 50 states, and potentially from other
countries throughout the world.  Since each of these
locations has its own laws which may differ from the laws in
Ohio, by accessing or
attempting to access this Site, You agree with us on behalf of
yourself and others claiming through You, including Your
heirs, successors and assigns that any
claim, cause of
action, lawsuit, or
dispute of any name or nature between You and us arising out of any
Claim Occurrence will be governed by and construed under the
statutes and laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to the related
conflict-of-laws
rules and the United Nations Convention on the International
Sales of Goods.
25.
Equitable
Remedies
In the event
that You violate certain provisions set forth in these Terms of
Use, You acknowledge that
money damages may not be sufficient to compensate us for damages
that we may incur.  Therefore, we will have the right to seek
injunctions, specific
performance, or other
equitable remedies.  By
using this Site, You
waive all objections to such equitable remedy based on an
assertion that money damages are sufficient to compensate us for
Your breach.  In the event that the Court
should impose a bond in connection with any equitable
remedy, You
agree, on behalf of
yourself that a bond in the amount of $1,500.00 will be appropriate and
sufficient to compensate You for any damages You may incur if the
event that the equitable relief is not warranted or if You
ultimately prevail.  Such equitable relief will
not limit our rights to pursue remedies at law for money
damages, or
otherwise.
26.
Exclusive Dispute
Resolution Process
If a dispute
arises, we strongly
encourage You to first contact our Customer Service Department before
initiating the Exclusive Dispute Resolution Process provided below.  We value our relationships
with our customers and will try to resolve Your claims informally
and quickly.
Prior contact with our Customer
Service Department, and affording us the opportunity to resolve
the issue informally,
is a legal prerequisite to Your right to initiate the Exclusive
Dispute Resolution Process.  All formal claims or
causes of action that You wish to bring against us must be
resolved in accordance with this paragraph 26 and the Exclusive
Dispute Resolution Process. All lawsuits or other formal claims
or dispute resolution processes brought contrary to this
paragraph 26 will be considered improperly filed/initiated and will be void and
subject to immediate
dismissal upon motion of the other party.
Exclusive Dispute
Resolution Process:
All disputes arising in
connection with this Site, these Terms of Use, or any product advertised on this
Site must be determined by binding arbitration in
accordance with the
provisions set forth in Chapter 2711 of the Ohio Revised Code then in effect
and, subject to the
terms set forth in this
paragraph 25, the then
applicable Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (the “Exclusive Dispute Resolution
Process”).  These Terms of Use shall
for all purposes take precedence over and shall supersede
any conflicting provisions in said Chapter 2711 of the Ohio
Revised Code and/or
in the Commercial
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.
The arbitration award must be
in compliance with the
provisions set forth in these Terms of Use and it must be
consistent with the facts as found by the arbitrator and with
the substantive laws of the State of Ohio.   No arbitrator will have
authority or jurisdiction
to issue an award which conflicts with these Terms of Use.
The arbitrator shall be an attorney
in good standing with the
Supreme Court of Ohio
who has had not less
than 20 years of
private practice
concentrating on commercial or general business law in the State of Ohio. The arbitrator shall be selected by agreement of You and us, or upon failure to
agree, the arbitrator
shall be selected in accordance with Section 2711.04 of the Ohio Revised
Code, in which case the arbitrator may
not deviate from the characteristics which an arbitrator is
required to possess in these Terms of Use. The arbitration will
take place at a suitable location in Stark County,
Ohio.  At least sixty
(60) days prior to initiating the Exclusive Dispute Resolution
Process, the initiating party will give the other party written
notice of its intent to do so.  We may provide such notice by
email to Your e-mail address on file with us, and You must
provide such notice by e-mail to
WeCare@pbsanimalhealth.com
.
YOU, ON BEHALF OF
YOURSELF AND OTHERS CLAIMING THROUGH YOU, AND YOUR HEIRS,
SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY AND ALL
PROCEEDINGS TO RESOLVE CLAIMS UNDER THE EXCLUSIVE DISPUTE
RESOLUTION PROCESS WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS
AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE
ACTION.
27.
Miscellaneous
Except as
otherwise provided in these Terms of Use, if any provision in these Terms of
Use is held to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision will be deemed
severable, and will not
affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.  We will not enforce any
provision of these Terms of Use which violates any consumer
protection law that may apply to You and such provision or
provisions are automatically void and of no effect without our
further action.  These Terms of Agreement
constitute the entire agreement between You and us, and fully supersede all other
agreements, oral or
written, regarding the
subject matter addressed in these Terms of Use. Any failure or delay on our part in
enforcing our rights under these Terms of Use will not be
considered a waiver of our rights. These Terms of Use will be
enforceable by our successors and assignees.  No provision in this
Agreement may be modified or deleted unless initiated by us and
posted on this Site by us.  All future modifications of
these Terms of Use by us will become binding upon You immediately
upon Your first use of this Site after such
modification, and You
will be deemed to accept such modifications upon such first
use.
28.
Contact
Us
If You have
any questions or comments regarding these Terms Of Use or this
Site, please email us at WeCare@pbsanimalhealth.com, or write to us
at PBS Animal Health, Attn.: Acting General Manager, 2780 Richville
Drive SE, Massillon, Ohio  44646.
End of
Terms of Use
Top of Page
About Us
Careers
Ohio Stores
Online Catalog
Request Catalog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Top of Page
79 YEARS OF KNOWLEDGE
Contact us at 800-321-0235 or
email@pbsanimalhealth.com. ¿Hablas español? ¡ Nosotros también! Simplemente
llámenos al 800-321-0235.
Super Saver Case Pricing
Save BIG with Case Pricing on qualifying products when you
Buy by the Case or Place a $495+ Order
Shop Our Catalog
See our selection from a different perspective. Shop page-by-page with our online catalog now!
Customer Care
Contact Us
Pharmacy
FAQ's
Returns
Our Guarantee
Low Price Guarantee
Sales Tax Exemption Forms
About Us
Careers
Ohio Stores
Online Catalog
Request Catalog
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Shipping
Shipping Information
Holiday Shipping Information
Vaccine Shipping
Free Shipping
Same Day Shipping
Shopping Tools
Quick Order
Order Status & History
Shopping Lists
Specials & Promotions
Super Saver Case Pricing
Helpful Information
View All Charts
Compendium
SDS Sheets
Printable Forms
Join Our Family!
Join
Get mooooving and sign up now to be one of the first to know about the latest news, featured products, specials, and promotions!
Like us on Facebook!
Contact Us
Sitemap
We Accept
© Copyright 2020 by PBS Animal Health. All Rights Reserved
Top of Page