http://www.ctisystems.com/legal/
en
EN ZH
News
Events
Careers
Network
Links
Documents
Customer support
Legal Notice & Privacy
Website Owner
CTI SystemsCTI Systems S.à r.l.Bob Greiveldinger
Op der Bréimicht 119779
LentzweilerLuxembourg
cti@ctisystems.com+352 2685 2000VAT ID: LU28752252Registry Nr: B94647
Copyright & Trademarks
Website: © 2012-2020 CTI Systems, All rights reserved.
Photos & Illustrations: © CTI Systems;
All texts, images or any other content of this website is protected by copyright laws. Any reproduction, distribution, or use whatsoever is strictly prohibited without prior written consent.
Production & Hosting
MUM digital agency
Strategy | Marketing | Websites | Applications | Design
3, Om KnuppL-9991 WeiswampachLuxembourgwww.mum.lu
Web Hosting / Datacenter
Microsoft Azure
Amsterdam Data Center
Agriport 601
Middenmeer
Netherlands
Terms of Use
Conditions of Access to the SiteAny person (hereinafter “the user”) accessing the present Internet site (hereinafter “the site”) is assumed to have accepted unconditionally all the provisions and conditions of use of the site of the owner, (hereinafter “the publisher“).
The site is accessible at all times anywhere in the world. The user who connects to it bears sole responsibility for compliance with the legislation and/or regulations in force in the country where he/she resides or from where he/she connects to the site.
Modification of these Conditions of Use, Jurisdiction and applicable LawThese conditions of use may be modified by the publisher at any time. The conditions of use applicable to any use of the site are those available and published on the site at the time it is consulted by the user. The nullity or non-validity of a provision of these conditions of use shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these conditions.
DisclaimerAlthough all information on the site has been checked thoroughly, the user should not take the accuracy of the information for granted. In any case, the publisher cannot be held responsible for the accuracy of the information provided nor give a guarantee that the details are complete, accurate and current. All information provided is subject to modification, error or omission.
The publisher also disclaims all responsibility for contents appearing on third parties web sites or social media pages to which the site makes hyperlinks or from which it receives hyperlinks.
Finally, the publisher cannot be held liable for and makes no warranty in the event of interruption or malfunction of the site. The publisher cannot be held responsible for direct or indirect damage incurred by the user as a result of access to the site and its use.
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Data SecurityThe publisher uses Security Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to encrypt sensitive personal information before it travels over the internet.
The security of personal information is important to the publisher. The publisher follows generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted, both during transmission and once the publisher receives it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, the publisher can never guarantee its absolute security.
Because of the technical requirement to ensure reliability and security, the publisher may store personal information in locations outside of the publisher's direct control (for instance, on servers located in datacenters, at hosting providers, or on backup servers).
Processing of Personal DataPersonal data may only be collected and processed in accordance with the regulations related to the laws on data protection.
In some cases, especially when the user sends personal information by filling out one of the site forms, personal data may be saved on the server. The publisher processes the personal information received from the user for the sole purpose of replying to the user inquiry and for any future email communications resulting from possible business relationships between the user and the publisher.
The user’s personal data may also be stored on the server for backup/logging/statistical purposes and will be retained for a period that will not exceed 26 months, after which it is automatically deleted.
The user’s personal data shall be regarded as confidential information and treated as such. It will never be sold or transmitted to third parties without prior approval.
The user has the right to access, update, change and ask for the removal of his/her personal data at any time by writing to this address: Charlotte Langer - c.langer@ctisystems.com
Use of Cookies
Cookies set by the siteLike most sites, the site makes use of cookies. Cookies are small, innocuous text files that in no way affect the privacy of the user or the security of the user’s device.
The site uses cookies to enhance the user experience and improve performance.
Web Analytics CookiesThe site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help the publisher analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about the user’s use of the site (including the user’s IP address from which the last byte is truncated with the “_anonymizeIp()” method) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating how the user uses the site, compiling reports on the site activity for the publisher and website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate the user’s IP address with any other data held by Google.
By using the site, the user consents to the processing of data about the user by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. If this is not the case, the user should adapt his or her cookies settings as explained below.
The user has the option to disable Google Analytics Tracking on the site by clicking this link. This will place an opt-out cookie on the user’s device that will prevent the user’s sessions from being tracked, as long as the cookie remains installed on the user’s system.
Use of Google MapsThe site may use Google Maps API, a map service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), in order to visually display geographical information or 360° virtual tours of the locations(s) of the publisher. By using Google Maps, data about map usage is collected, stored in cookies and transferred to Google. More information about data processing by Google can be found in the Google Privacy statement. This is where the user can modify his or her personal privacy settings for Google services.
Embedded Youtube VideosThe site may contain embedded videos hosted on YouTube, operated by YouTube LLC CA, USA. When visiting a page containing an embedded YouTube video, information about the user’s view and usage of this video is collected, stored in cookies and transferred to YouTube. If the user’s browser is authenticated to YouTube, the user’s personal identification may also be transferred to YouTube.
The user may avoid this personal identification by logging out of YouTube before using the site.
Embedded Facebook Plug-InsThe publisher uses the Facebook Plugin, a service provided by the social media network facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”).
When the user visits a page containing an embedded Facebook Plugin (feed, Like buttons, sharing buttons), the plugin’s files are loaded from Facebook servers and Facebook will thereby obtain information about the users IP address, the page he visited as well the date, time of this visit.
In case the user’s browser has previously logged in to the users account on the the Facebook.com website, Facebook will be able to identify the user and associate his visit to the publisher’s website to his account. Also, any interaction of the user with the Facebook plugin is tracked by Facebook and may be published on the users Facebook profile.
The user may refuse this behavior by logging out of Facebook.com prior to his visit of the publisher’s website, or by making use of a browser add-on blocking the tracking by Facebook.
More information about Facebook’s privacy policy and opt-out options can be found at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
Cookie SettingsAs the site cannot operate without the use of the site's cookies, the publisher requests the user who declines cookies to leave the site and abandon their browsing session on the site immediately.
The user may refuse the use of some third-parties or partners’ cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in the browser. In this case the user may not be able to take advantage of certain features, services, applications or tools of the site. To change the cookies’ settings in the browser, the user should refer to the browser documentation.
Version: 7/9/2020