http://www.designerchecks.com/privacy-policy/#california
Special Offer! Free 4th Box + Free Shipping
|
Use code: 4BOX
Privacy Statement
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Our Company
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Security Pledge
Customer Service
Order Status
Help
FAQs
How to Order
Anatomy of a Check
Fonts
Symbols
MyLines
Sitemap
Affiliate Program
Shop
All Personal Checks
Accessories
Reorder Checks
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated January 2020
Direct Checks Unlimited Sales, Inc. (“Direct Checks”) is committed to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. We strive to utilize technology that gives you a meaningful online experience. The following information will help you understand how Direct Checks collects, uses, and safeguards the information you provide through this website for the fulfillment of checks and related products for US-based checking accounts. We want to assure you that when we ask for personal information, our goal is to improve customer relationships.
The terms "we", "our", and "us" in this Privacy Policy (“policy”) refer to Direct Checks Unlimited Sales, Inc. and our associated brands including Designer Checks.
Information Collection & Use
We use the information collected about you to process your order and to provide a more personalized and value-added shopping experience.
We may request that you voluntarily supply personal information for purposes such as receiving correspondence, registering on this website, making purchases, participating in online surveys or market research.
If you elect to participate, we may require personally identifiable information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, financial institution information, credit card information, e-mail address, or personal photos. When you submit personal information to us, you understand and agree that we may access, store, and use your information.
We may use your information to communicate with you about products, services, and future promotions.
Out of respect for your privacy, we offer you the option not to receive these types of communications.
If you no longer wish to receive special offers or promotional notifications, please follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication.
We may also send you order confirmation emails.
Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature but related to your purchase.
For the purposes of order verification and fraud prevention, we may exchange information about our customers internally, and among our affiliates. We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you products/services and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Information you provide will be safeguarded in accordance with applicable industry and regulatory standards. We recognize and appreciate the importance of responsible use of the information you choose to provide. We take steps to require that our vendors, consultants, suppliers, and contractors observe our Privacy Policy with respect to security and the collection, use, and exchange of our customers' information. They are expected to abide by the Privacy Policy when conducting work for us and are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Information Sharing and Your Choices
Reasons we can share your information
Does Direct
Checks
share?
Can you
limit this
sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - including billing, processing transactions, & fulfilling your requests for products or services; customer & marketing support services.
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer products and services
Yes
Yes
For third parties to market to you
Yes
Yes
We do not share, rent or sell your email address to third parties for them to market their products and services directly to you via email.
We may however, selectively provide names, physical mailing addresses, and purchase information (not bank identifiers or account numbers) to select third parties (e.g. catalog mailers, direct mail marketing companies, and non-profit companies) whose products and services we think may interest you.
These third parties are carefully screened and are aware of our Privacy Policy.
We share your personal information with companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order, billing and payment processing or offering customer service.
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We reserve the right to disclose information about you as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, investigate fraud, protect your safety or the safety of others, and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Security
We are committed to protecting your personal information. In order to do so, we continually assess new technology for protecting your information to make sure that our security technology and information handling practices are in accordance with the highest industry standards and best practices on the Internet at all times. When you are on this Web site, the sensitive information you provide such as credit card and financial information is encrypted with secure socket layer (SSL) technology and scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches us. Please remember that e-mail, which is different from the encrypted sessions above, is not secure. Therefore, we ask that you do not send sensitive information such as credit card or account numbers to us via an unsecured e-mail message.
Tracking Activity on our Website
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to analyze trends, administer this website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. A cookie is a small data text file that our server sends to your computer and that your computer sends back to us each time you visit our website. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can disable and/or delete cookies by controlling your browser settings. If you do disable cookies, our website will not recognize you and you may not have access to all portions of the website. We also partner with third parties to deliver relevant content and advertisements to you on our website and elsewhere. These business partners may place cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies on our website or in promotional emails we send to you, for the purpose of collecting and using both personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, physical or electronic address) and non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream data, device ID, and browser type) during your visit to this and other websites. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here.
Social Media
Our website may use social media features such as Facebook “Like” and “Share This” buttons.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Children Visiting our Websites
This website is directed at adults. We do not knowingly collect or use information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware of any collection of personal information from children, we will delete it immediately.
Other Websites Linked to our Websites
Our website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Direct Checks Unlimited Sales, Inc. We are not responsible for the content or information practices employed by such sites. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us.
Consent to Privacy Policy/Changes to Privacy Policy
By using this website, you consent to our posted Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept these changes.
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be posted on this website and any other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, as well as the latest updates on how we maintain the secure portions of our website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes becoming effective.
To Correct/Update/Access/Opt Out
We are committed to ensuring that the information we obtain and use about our customers is accurate.
Please use the contact information below to update or correct the personally identifiable information that was collected from you or to express choices about how we use your information for marketing purposes.
Direct Checks Unlimited Sales, Inc.
Dept. OPT, P.O. Box 35350
Colorado Springs, CO 80935-9850
1-800-859-7086
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Direct Checks Unlimited Sales, Inc. is a BBB accredited business and complies with BBBOnLine standards.
Click to verify our BBB accreditation and to see a current BBB report.
PRIVACY NOTICE – CALIFORNIA-SPECIFIC ADDENDUM
If you are a California resident, the following provisions apply to our processing of information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household [subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act] (“California Personal Information”). For such residents, the provisions of this California Addendum prevail over any conflicting provisions of the Privacy Notice.
Deluxe has collected the following categories of California Personal Information within the last 12 months1:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 (California Customer Records statute). This means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Biometric information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information.
Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.2
Within the last 12 months, within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act, we have sold California Personal Information identified in the above categories A-K.3
Within the last 12 months, we have disclosed California Personal Information identified in the above categories (A)-(K) for our business purposes. To learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see www.deluxe.com/policy/privacy.
We obtain California Personal Information from a variety of sources.4 [These sources include: yourself, with respect to both online and offline interactions you may have with us or our service providers;
other entities with whom you transact; others with whom you maintain relationships who may deal with us on your behalf; the devices you use to access our websites, mobile applications, and online services; credit bureaus; identify verification and fraud prevention services; marketing and analytics providers; public databases; social media platforms; and others consistent with this Privacy Notice.]
Please see www.deluxe.com/policy/privacy.
We use the California Personal Information we collect for the business purposes disclosed within this Privacy Notice. Please see www.deluxe.com/policy/privacy.. Please note that the business purposes for which we may use your information include:5
audits and reporting relating to particular transactions and interactions, including online interactions, you may have with us or others on our behalf;
detecting and protecting against security incidents, and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting the same;
debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems;
short-term, transient use including contextual customization of ads;
providing services on our behalf or on behalf of another, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling transactions, verifying identity information, processing payments, and other services;
conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology;
conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality or safety of services or devices which we may own, control, or provide.
We may also use the information we collect for our own or our service providers’ other operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you additional notice, or for purposes compatible with the context in which the California Personal Information was collected.
Your California Rights
If you are a California resident, you have certain rights related to your California Personal Information. [You may exercise these rights free of charge except as otherwise permitted under applicable law.]
Section 100 Rights. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the specific pieces of personal information we have collected.
Section 105 Rights. You have the right to request that we delete California Personal Information about you which we have collected from you.
Section 110 Rights. You may request that we disclose to you:
the categories of California Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which the California Personal Information is collected;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling California Personal Information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share California Personal Information;
the specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
Section 115 Rights. To the extent that we sell your California Personal Information within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act or disclose such information for a business purpose, you may request that we disclose to you:
the categories of California Personal Information that we have collected about you;
the categories of California Personal Information about you that we have sold within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act and the categories of third parties to whom the California Personal Information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the California personal information was sold;
the categories of California Personal Information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Opt Out. In addition, we may sell your information within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act. You have the right to opt out of such sales here. To submit an opt-out request, click here.
You may request to exercise these rights by:6
Providing us with your contact information via email at Privacy@deluxe.com
Calling us toll-free at 877-861-8985.
[As required or permitted under applicable law, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law.] Subject to applicable law, we may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above rights, or any other rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by:
denying you goods or services;
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
providing you a different level or quality of goods or services;
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.7
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of our sales of certain information relating to individuals and households subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act. To exercise this opt-out right, whether you have an account or not, please submit a request via Privacy@Deluxe.com. If you do not have an account, include your name and email address or mailing address.
Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100(a)(5)(B).
Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.130(c).
Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.130(a)(5)(C)(i).
Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.110(c)(2).
"Business purpose" is a defined term under the CCPA. Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(d). This notice takes the position that "business purpose" includes any reasonable
operational purpose, but we note that the definition is unclear. Possibly, "business purpose" may mean only the specific listed items within the definition (audits,
detecting security incidents, etc.).
Pending legislation provides for alternative means of exercising rights. AB 1564. This draft reflects the law as currently in effect.
Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.130(a)(5).