https://www.stortford-interiors.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
About
Services
Projects
CSR
Careers
News
Contact
Core
Drywall
Suspended ceilings
Glass Wall
Fitout
Architectural Package Contractor
Parkrose
Joinery
Washroom Fit-Out
T: 01279 714600
E: info@stortford-interiors.com
Procession houseView Project
What are you looking for?
Find
Key Information
Services
Parkrose
Contact
View All
Level 10 Business Lounge
Wenlock Works Washrooms
Procession house
Website Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookie Usage
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND WHAT WE DO WITH IT
You can visit our website without letting us know who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
What information we gather and track
There are times when we may ask for information from you and this would normally involve you filling out a form so that we can contact you about a service or so we can send you regular news updates what we are up to. We hold all of this information securely and never sell it to anyone. We will only use this info to contact you ourselves.
Stortford Interiors uses various methods to collect certain other kinds of data including cookies, refers, IP addresses and environment variables. Please see below to see how we do this:
A cookie is an element of data that a Website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. It can then be used to provide you with tailored information. Cookies are used to better personalise the content that you and other users will see. We never match cookie data to any personal identification. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and so agree not accept it if you want.
A referrer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, and it is automatically gathered by our Web server. This information is used by Stortford Interiors to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. We normally gain this information from Google Analytics.
IP addresses are automatically gathered by our Web server and is standard web protocol. Your IP address is a unique reference number that is used by computers to identify the computer you are using so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you. You will not be personally identified from this information.
Location variables we gather include time, type of Web browser being used, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. This information is used only for broad demographic information. This information is used by us in identifying broad demographic trends and may be used to provide information tailored to your interests.
Please note that from time to time the Stortford Interiors website contains links to other sites; however, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Got a question?
If you have any questions at all about this privacy statement, or anything detailed above then contact us via this website.