http://www.priefert.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for
priefert.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information
collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected
from you through the website, how it is used and with
whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of
your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse
of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this
site. We only have access to/collect information that you
voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from
you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the
reason you contacted us. We will not share your information
with any third party outside of our organization, other than
as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the
future to tell you about specials, new products or services,
or changes to this privacy policy.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you
submit sensitive information via the website, your information
is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (directly or via our
credit card processor), that information is encrypted and
transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by
looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for
"https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
Priefert Direct Quotes
We request information from you on our Priefert Direct Quote
Tool. To make a deposit, you must provide contact information.
(like name and phone number) This information is used for
billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble
processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data
stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your
access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site.
For instance, the Priefert Direct Quote Tool saves a cookie
containing all products you have added to your quote. This
cookie allows you to navigate from page to page and away from
the site, without losing the information you previously entered.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally
identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware
that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices
of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when
they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any
other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys
or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is
completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to
participate and therefore disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic
information (such as zip code, age level). Contact
information will be used to notify the winners and award
prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of
monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.