http://www.sitag.li/en/privacy-statement/
This website uses cookies, further information can be found in the privacy policy section. Please confirm your consent.
OK
Privacy Statement
Disclaimer
Data protection declarations
We always ensure that the SITAG website is always carefully checked, revised and updated. However, if you should notice any errors or have any questions or suggestions, please contact: info@sitag.ch
This data protection statement supplements all SITAG AG’s other business terms and conditions and terms of use. However this data protection statement only concerns our websites. If you are forwarded via links on our websites to other sites, please acquaint yourself there with how your data is handled.
Data protection requirements
The relevant data protection laws are applied without exception in our Internet activities in order to protect your privacy and personal data.
We draw your attention to the fact that data transmission on the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) may be subject to security issues. Complete protection of data against third party access is not possible.
Personal data
Collection, processing and use of personal data
If you wish to give your personal data on our website so that you can receive special information and offers by e-mail or post, you can do so without any need to worry. Your data will be treated as strictly confidential and never passed on to third parties.
As a rule, our websites can be used without divulging personal data. Where personal data (for example name, postal address, e-mail address, position, telephone number) is collected, this is always on a voluntary basis wherever possible, e.g. by placing an order, registering or requesting information. As a matter of principle this data is not passed to third parties. We are permitted to process and store the data pertaining to the specific contract circumstances where this is required in order to perform and execute the contract and where we are obliged by law to retain this data.
In disclosing your e-mail address, your identity as a user is no longer unknown to us.
Customer’s rights
You have the right to be notified free of charge of the personal data held on you, as well as the right to rectification, blocking or erasure of this data, and to revoke your consent. You can submit a statement to this effect as well as questions concerning the collection, processing, or use of personal data by email to info@sitag.ch or by fax or post using the contact details provided.
Data security
We always apply the latest security technologies to ensure the greatest possible protection of your data from unauthorized access, manipulation or loss.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google“). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies: text files that are stored on your computer and that enable Google to perform an analysis of your use of websites. As a result, the information produced by a cookie on your use of a website (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the USA and is stored there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating how you use the website, compiling reports on website activities, and providing further services related to website and Internet usage to the website operator. Google will likewise provide this information to third parties, insofar as this is legally stipulated, or insofar as third parties process these data on behalf of Google. In no case will Google associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting of your browser software. However, we would like to point out that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of a visited website. By using this website, you thereby declare that you agree to the processing by Google of the data collected on you, for the purposes described above, and in the manner and way also described above.
USE OF THE REMARKETING OR “SIMILAR TARGET GROUPS” FUNCTION OF GOOGLE INC.
The supplier uses the Remarketing or “Similar Target Groups” function of Google Inc. (“Google”) on the website. The supplier can use this function to specifically approach the visitors of this website with advertisements by running personalised, interest-related advertisements for visitors of the supplier’s website if they visit other websites in the Google Display network. Google uses so-called cookies for analysing the website usage, which forms the basis for developing the interest-related advertisements – and for Google Analytics reports for performance according to demographic characteristics and interests. For this, Google saves a small file with a numerical sequence on the browsers of the website’s visitors. This number is used to record the visits to the website as well as anonymised data about the website usage. Personal data on the website’s visitors are not saved. If you subsequently visit another website in the Google Display network, pop-up ads are displayed to you, which are likely to take into account previously accessed product and information fields. You can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by Google by following the link given below and downloading and installing the plug-in provided there: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin?hl=en
Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies by third-party suppliers by following the deactivating site of the Network Advertising Initiative on http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and implementing the additional information for opt-out described there.
Additional information regarding Google Remarketing as well as the data protection declaration of Google can be viewed on: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads/
Analysis of user behaviour
The internet offerings at this website are tracked for the analysis of user behaviour and the identification of IP addresses of companies for marketing purposes. The use of this service entails the direct transfer of data pertaining to user behaviour (e.g. IP address, time of access, browser searches etc.) to the servers maintained by the service provider and being made available for use exclusively on this website. The data collected are treated as strictly confidential and neither sold nor conveyed to third parties. If in future you do not wish to be identified, please send an e-mail to optout@permagroup.ch.
Technologies used
We use common Internet technologies on our website, such as JavaScript, Java, Flash or ActiveX . This is so that we can adequately present our data, never to locate your personal data or manipulate data on your computer.
Records
It is customary to document access to the HTTP server in order to ensure legal protection against hackers for example. The records contain the data and time, the URL of the site visited and the designation (IP number) of the computer used to access it. These data never related to persons and, apart from legal protection, are used to improve our website. The data is analyzed purely on a statistical basis, for example for access errors, average visit time, Internet browsers and operating systems used.
Links to other websites
We do not accept any liability for the data protection policy of external websites with links from our site because we have no influence over those sites.
Legal notices
Copyright
Copyright © 2011 SITAG AG. All rights reserved.
The content of the website www.sitag.ch is protected by copyright. Any reproduction (e.g. by photocopying, microfilm or other methods), distribution or processing by electronic systems is not permitted in any form without written authorization from SITAG AG. An exception would simply be an express comment to the contrary.
Exclusion of liability
This website is in the temporary state of an on-going working process. Despite taking the greatest possible care in compiling all of the information contained on the site, SITAG AG does not accept any liability for it being current, correct or complete. This also applies to all links and indirect references to other websites, for the content of which SITAG AG is not responsible.
SITAG AG cannot be held liable for any damages or consequential damages of any kind caused by the direct or indirect use of the information contained on the site, including loss of profit or losses that can be attributed to a loss of data.
Amongst other things, we reserve the right to make changes to the information shown without prior notice. All offers are subject to non-binding and without obligation.
Trade names and trademarks
All of the trade names or trademarks mentioned or shown on our website are subject, without restriction, to the requirements of the relevant labelling law and, if applicable, the possession rights of the corresponding registered owners.
Search
Frequently searched
sitag
PRO
séparation
seating
orga
sets
team
sitagteam
sitagwave
sitagteam/