http://www.pentairpool.com/en/privacy-notice/california-consumer-privacy-act.html
Skip To Main Content
Pool & Spa Equipment
Main Content Starts Here
Pool & Spa Solutions
Pool equipment today for memories that will last a lifetime
Pool & Spa Solutions
Pool equipment today for memories that will last a lifetime
Home
Products
Residential
Pool & Spa Equipment
Share
Share via Email
Share via Twitter
Share via Facebook
Share via Linkedin
Print
Jump To
Measure life in memories
Whether you a planning a backyard pool party for friends and family or prefer the serene sensation of a calm pool, Pentair has the pool and spa solutions just for you. Elevate your pool experience to the next level with connected, efficient, quality products so you can soak in the magical, wonder-filled moments by your pool, giving you the time – and peace of mind – to create them.
Are you a professional?  Visit Pool for Pros
Pool Resources
Rebate Center
Product Warranties
Product Registration
Pool Calculators
Find a Pro
Pool Solutions
Crystal clear pool and spa water invites a healthy, active lifestyle. Pentair’s solutions are engineered to filter, clean and sanitize water, while automation equipment makes it all easy to control from anywhere so that you can truly enjoy your pool and spa.
Pool Pumps
Primed and Ready for Action
They’re whisper-quiet. They’re ENERGY STAR® Certified. They’re as powerful as the memories you’ll have time to make. They’re Pentair Pool Pumps.
Explore Pool Pumps
Pool Automation
Simple & Smart: The Best of Both Worlds
Rule your pool like a champ with our oh-so-intelligent, oh-so-friendly pool automation systems. For convenient remote control that puts you in total control, insist on Pentair automation solutions.
Explore Smart Products
Pool Heating Solutions
It’s Getting Hot In Here
Whether you are looking to extend time in your pool or you want your pool to feel aaah-mazing, we can turn your pool into a wonderful – and warm – experience. And, with a reputation for innovating some of the most reliable pool and spa heating solutions on the market, it’s just one reasons you should insist on Pentair.
Explore Pool Heaters
Pool Cleaners
Lean, Clean, Debris Fighting Machine
No pool is too big, no debris is too small, Pentair cleaners can handle it all. Whether you are in the market for a suction-side, pressure-side, or robotic pool cleaner, our lineup will free up your time so you can swim down memory lane with the clear water confidence you deserve.
Explore Pool Cleaners
Pool  Water Treatment
Nothing Sparkles like crystal-clear confidence in the sunlight
Our collection of sanitizing and water chemistry management systems and chemical feeders will have you beaming with pool pride, knowing your water is clearer and more sensational.
Explore Pool Water Treatment
More Pool Products
Pool Filters
Pool Valves
POOL LIGHTING
Pool Maintenance
Water Features
Aboveground Systems
White Goods
Replacement Parts
Pentair Pool Rebates
Cha-ching for your backyard bling
Save more than energy. Act fast to get up to a $100 rebate** on select Pentair pool products.
View Pentair Rebates
Twice as nice
Many local utility companies offer rebates to pool owners who purchase energy-efficient pool pumps.
View Utility Rebates
Water Education Center
Tap into our Water Wisdom
TO CLOSE OR NOT TO CLOSE. THAT IS THE QUESTION.
With summer fading into fall, pool owners across the country need to decide when – or if – to close their pool and how.
Tips to Close a Pool
PLANNING YOUR STAYCATION
Staying at home doesn’t have to be a drag. Plan your ultimate poolside staycation with these tips and tricks...
Plan my staycation
POOL 101: WATER CHEMISTRY
When water chemistry isn’t properly balanced, it can cause skin and eye irritation and allow bacteria or algae growth.
Water Chemistry
There's more to learn about your water in the Water Education Center.
Get Educated About Your Water
NEED EQUIPMENT OR SERVICE FOR YOUR POOL?
BUY LOCAL
Know Your Water. Own Your Water.
Introducing the Pentair Home App
Stay smart, connected and protected with the Pentair Home app; offering a range of connected products that give you command of your home's water. From filter to flow, tap to pool, shower to sump pump, we help you move, improve and enjoy your water, with peace of mind at your fingertips.
The Pentair Home range of products includes connected water devices that help ensure a continuous flow of softened water, protect your home from leaks and flooding, and control your swimming pool system and water chemistry. All from the easy-to-use Pentair Home app dashboard on your smart device.
Learn More and Download
For Dealers, Distributors and Service Professionals
Are you a Pool Professional?
PARTNER PORTAL
We've got the tools and resources you need to do your job more efficiently. Visit the Pentair Portal to get started.
Visit the Partner Portal
COMMERCIAL POOL SOLUTIONS
Looking to dip your toes into Pentair's leading solutions for public pools? We’ve got you covered.
Commercial Pool Solutions
Get in Touch
We're here to help with any of your product inquiries.
Contact Us
Support & Resources
Rebate Center
Product Warranty
Product Registration
Utility Rebates
Water Education Center
Pool Replacement Parts
Close Modal
Close Search Modal
Close Modal
Buy Locally
Enter Location:
Geolocation Button
Or
search
No dealers found. Please try another location.
Location is disabled by your browser. Please type an address.
Loading...
Close
Filter By:
Filter
Filter By
List View
Map View
Close Modal
Close Search Modal
Type your search and press enter
Search
Close Product Grid Filter Modal
Filter Products
See
Results
Clear filters
Close Modal
Product Quickview
Learn More
Hide items
See items