http://www.lloyds.com/common/privacy-notices
Privacy notices
Below you will find the Privacy Notices for Lloyd's, relating to various functions across the Society of Lloyd’s. You can access each of these by clicking on the title bars of each Notice.
Share
If, after reading the notices, you require further information please contact the Data Protection Office at data.protection@lloyds.com.
Agency - Lloyd’s Agents
Information we process to manage applications to become an agent and the ongoing management of existing agents, together with visa applications and flight bookings for regional training.
Building Visitors
Information we process to manage the Lloyd’s building visitors
Business continuity
Information collected from staff and key suppliers, to be used in an emergency.
Community involvement
Information we process to deliver Lloyd’s Community Involvement initiatives across the Lloyd’s market.
Complaints
Information we process in order to process complaints received by Lloyd’s.
Delegated Authorities and Delegated Claims Administrators
Information we process to manage coverholder and delegated claims administrator (DCA) applications, key staff changes at coverholders and DCAs and coverholder and DCA audit coordination.
Events
Information we process to support the communication and management of Lloyd’s run events.
Lloyd’s Communications
Information we process to send out Business Communications, Marketing and Regulatory information, and also to manage events and training.
General enquiries
Information we process to manage general enquiries received by Lloyd's.
General enquires (German version)
Information we process to manage general enquiries received by Lloyd's.
Global Development
Information we process to manage Lloyd’s Global Development Programme.
Please, read the Global Development privacy notice (hyperinked) to learn more how we process your personal data.
Governance notification
Information we process to manage notifications of appointments to senior management roles of Lloyd's managing agents.
Independent Reviewers
Information we process to publish Independent Reviewers
IRA/GPA
Information we process to manage International Regulatory Non-Compliance Casework, Defence & Development of Licences & Trading Rights, Oversight of International Regulatory Reporting, the provision of international regulatory compliance advice and regulatory stakeholder relationship management.
Lloyds.com
Information we process to manage the Lloyd’s market directory, Lloyd’s building visitors, verification of policyholders, complaints received by Lloyd’s members, Lloyd’s tools and systems users and general enquiries.
Lloyd’s Agency - Clients
Information we collect to maintain a key contact list to connect Lloyd’s clients with Lloyd’s Agents.
Lloyd's Bridge
The Lloyd’s Bridge Platform is an electronic platform designed to facilitate communication between Lloyd’s Coverholders and prospective Lloyd’s Coverholders, Brokers and Managing Agents.
Lloyd’s Digital Market
Information we process in the operation of our Digital Market.
Lloyd's financial arrangements
Information we process to manage Lloyd’s financial arrangements.
Lloyd's Lab
Information we process as part of running the Lloyd's Lab.
Lloyd’s systems access
Information we process to manage access to Lloyd’s systems.
Lloyd's systems access (incl. Delegated Authority)
Information we process to manage access to Lloyd’s systems including coverholder applications, key staff changes at coverholders and coverholder audit coordination.
Lloyd's Wordings Repository
Information we process to manage access to Lloyd's Wordings Repository.
Member services
Information we process to manage your application to become a member of Lloyd’s, to perform all activities and services to the members of Lloyd’s as part of the membership lifecycle, compliance with legal obligations, to provide centralised tax filings and other tax related reporting and services to members in respect of their underwriting at Lloyd’s, to supply up-to-date information relating to Lloyd’s membership and the activities, services and service levels provided by Market Services.
Open market correspondent
Information we process to manage open market correspondents.
Policyholders in Canada
Information on how we process personal information on policyholders in Canada.
Qudini
Information we process in the operation of our Connect Bar booking system
Recruitment applicant
Information on how we process personal information on individuals applying for a vacancy at Lloyd’s.
Salvage arbitration branch
Information we process to manage Lloyd’s salvage arbitration branch services and the SCOPIC committee.
Secretariat and governance
Information we process to manage Lloyd's committees, secretariat for the Lloyd’s enforcement board and the secretariat to the Lloyd's members’ ombudsman.
Third party
Information we process to manage vendor/supplier selection, purchase order management and vendor/supplier performance management.
US Policyholder Enquiries
Information we process to manage enquiries from US policyholders.