https://www.wrcplc.co.uk/wrc-privacy-policy.aspx
HomeWho We AreAbout UsMission StatementCorporate ResponsibilityCorporate Responsibility & Sustainability PolicyEnvironmental PolicyHealth & SafetyQuality PolicyUtilities Vendor DatabasePrivacy PolicyWhat We DoWRc AcademyEnvironment TrainingPotable Water TrainingSewerage TrainingTechnology TrainingWaste TrainingTreatment Processes TrainingInternationalWRc ApprovedAsset ResilienceFine to FlushCatchment ManagementWater Framework & Other DirectivesWater Quality ModellingCatchment Management SolutionsCustomer EngagementChemical AssessmentNCET - Toxicology & MicrobiologyEvaluation & Testing FacilityLarge Flow LoopTest PitOpen Channel FlumeSmall Pipe Blockage RigNetwork OperationsFailure InvestigationsSewerage OperationsDistribution & Leakage ManagementResource EfficiencyWaste Characterisation & ClassificationIn-house Laboratory TestingStatistical Analysis & Programme DesignEnvironmental Risk AssessmentWaste Management ProcurementCircular EconomyPublishingTechnologyTechnology DevelopmentTechnology AssessmentTechnology ImplementationTreatment ProcessesR&D and Piloting FacilitiesMunicipal SectorIndustrial SectorSoftware DevelopmentInsite360Leakage ReductionFuture NetworksCompliance and Regulatory SupportData Driven InsightField ServicesPollution & Flooding PreventionWhat's Going OnJoin UsEmployee ExperienceCareers at WRcGraduate RecruitmentGet in Touch
Skip over navigation
Home
WRc Privacy Policy
WRc Privacy Policy
Our customer privacy notice
1. Background
This privacy notice lets you know what happens to any personal data that you give to us, or any that we may collect from or about you. It applies to all products and services, and instances where we collect your personal data. We are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use that data and to meeting our data protection obligations.
This privacy notice applies to personal information processed by or on behalf of WRc plc, Water Research Centre Limited, Cognica Limited and any other group holdings.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page in order to reflect changes in the law and/or our privacy practices. We encourage you to check this privacy notice for changes whenever you visit our website – https://www.wrcplc.co.uk.
WRc plc and our ‘Data Officer’
We’re WRc plc, Frankland Road, Blagrove, Swindon, SN5 8YF. We are a data controller of your personal data. WRc plc companies means WRc plc, together with any entity in which WRc plc directly or indirectly has at least a 50% shareholding.
We have a dedicated data officer (“DO”). You can contact the DO using the details below or by writing to the above address, marking it for the attention of the DO or emailing us on dataofficer@wrcplc.co.uk.
2. What kinds of personal information about you do we process?
Personal information that we’ll process in connection with all of our products and services, if relevant, includes:
Personal and contact details, such as title, full name, contact details and contact details history through project delivery, your details being passed to us on a business card or through contacts you and WRc make to each other. We will only hold your work related contact details
Records of your contact with us such as those held in our CRM and project files when you work with us on bidding and the delivery of projects. We may hold information about your visits to our websites, software you have downloaded or logged into or financial transactions made and payments processed for products and services. We may hold photographs from visits to site or where we photograph events
Marketing to you and analysing data, including history of those communications, , information about products or services we think you may be interested in, and analysing data to help target offers to you that we think are of interest or relevance to you. Offers may include our water, gas, resource efficiency products and services and any of our other products and services
Information we buy or rent from third parties, including marketing lists, publicly available information and information to help improve the relevance of our products and services
Insights about you and our customers gained from analysis or profiling of customers
3. What is the source of your personal information?
We’ll collect personal information from the following general sources:
From you directly
Information generated about you when you use or buy our products and services or visit our websites or make payments for them by payment card
From a broker or other intermediary (for example list brokers, LinkedIn) who we work with to provide marketing data, products or services
WRc plc companies if you already been involved in a project, have asked us to quote on one or have previously bought one
We buy or rent information about you or customers generally from third parties including demographic information, marketing lists, publicly available information and other information to help improve our products and services or our business
4. What do we use your personal data for?
We use your personal data, including any of the personal data listed in section 1 above, for the following purposes:
Managing any projects you are involved in as a client employee
Updating your records
Managing any aspect of the product or service
To make automated decisions on whether to offer you a product or service
To perform and/or test the performance of, our products, services and internal processes
To improve the operation of our business and that of our business partners
To ensure compliance to changed rules of governmental and regulatory bodies
For management and auditing of our business operations including accounting
To monitor and to keep records of our communications with you and our staff (see below)
For market research and analysis and developing statistics
For direct marketing communications and related profiling to help us to offer you relevant products and service, including deciding whether or not to offer you certain products and service. We’ll send marketing to you by email, phone, post, social media and digital channels (for example, using LinkedIn and Twitter). Offers may relate to any of our products and services
To develop new products and services and to review and improve current products and services
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations, requirements and guidance
To provide insight and analysis of our customers both for ourselves either as part of providing products or services, helping us improve products or services, or to assess or improve the operating of our businesses
To use CCTV to keep you, our staff and our site safe and secure
To use event photographs in publicity materials
To share information, as needed, with business partners (for example marketing and market research agencies) as part of providing and administering our products and services or operating our business
To enable other WRc plc companies to perform any of the above purposes
5. What are the legal grounds for our processing of your personal information (including when we share it with others)?
We rely on the following legal bases to use your personal data:
Where it is needed to provide you with our products or services, such as:
Managing products, projects and services provided to you including software
All stages and activities relevant to managing projects or services including enquiry, application and delivery
Updating your records as and when they change in order to manage projects and services provided to you
To update you about changes to products and services you have accessed or purchased e.g. online software
Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as:
Managing your products and services relating to that, updating your records, tracing your whereabouts
To perform and/or test the performance of, our products, services and internal processes
To follow guidance and recommended best practice of government and regulatory bodies
For management and audit of our business operations including accounting
To carry out monitoring and to keep records of our communications with you and our staff
For market research and analysis and developing statistics
For direct marketing communications and any related profiling to help us to offer you relevant products and services, including deciding whether or not to offer you certain products and service. We will send marketing to you by email, phone, post and social media and digital channels (for example, LinkedIn and Twitter). We will only ever contact you at work in normal business hours and we will provide you with the ability to ‘opt-out’ from receiving future direct marketing
Subject to the appropriate controls, to provide customer data to enable our business partners (for example marketing and market research agencies) to create insight and analysis in to our customers either as part of providing products or services, helping us improve products or services, or to assess or to improve the operating of our businesses
Holding CCTV footage and visitor details whilst you visit our site in order to keep you, our staff and our site safe and secure
Where we need to share your personal information with people or organisations in order to run our business or comply with any legal and/or regulatory obligations
To comply with our legal obligations
To communicate changes to you when we update our privacy policy and statements
With your consent or explicit consent:
For a public interest:
6. When do we share your personal information with other organisations?
We may share information with the following third parties for the purposes listed above including, but not limited to:
WRc plc companies
Business partners (for example, marketing and market research agencies) or others who are a part of providing our products and services or operating our business
Governmental and regulatory bodies such as the Information Commissioner’s Office
Other organisations and businesses who provide services to us such as back up and server hosting providers, IT software and maintenance providers, document storage providers and suppliers of other back office functions
Market research and marketing organisations who help us to develop and improve our products and services
7. How and when can you withdraw your consent?
Where we’re relying upon your consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this at any time by contacting us using the details below.
You can also ask us to stop sending you marketing communications at any time by following the opt out links on any marketing communications sent to you.
8. Is your personal information transferred outside the UK or the EEA?
We’re based in the UK but sometimes your personal information may be transferred outside the European Economic Area. If we do so we’ll make sure that suitable safeguards are in place, for example by using approved contractual agreements, unless certain exceptions apply.
9. What should you do if your personal information changes?
You should tell us so that we can update our records using the details in the Contact Us section of our website. We’ll then update your records if we can.
10. Do you have to provide your personal information to us?
We may be unable to deliver products, projects, software and services if you do not provide certain information to us. In cases where providing some personal information is optional, we’ll make this clear.
11. Do we do any monitoring involving processing of your personal information?
In this section monitoring means any: viewing of or taking and keeping records (as the case may be) of calls, email, text messages, social media messages, in person (face to face) meetings and other communications.
We may monitor where permitted by law and we’ll do this where the law requires it, or to comply with regulatory rules, to prevent or detect crime, in the interests of protecting the security of our communications systems and procedures and for quality control and staff training purposes. This information may be shared for the purposes described above.
12. What about other automated decision making?
We sometimes profile customers to offer you products and services that are most relevant. We’ll do this where it is necessary and is authorised by law
13. For how long is your personal information retained by us?
Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your personal information based on the following criteria:
For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you and managing our operations
For as long as we provide goods and/or services to you and then for a reasonable warranty period after we finish delivering a project; and/or
Retention periods in line with legal and regulatory requirements or guidance.
14. What are your rights under data protection laws?
Here is a list of the rights that all individuals have under data protection laws. They don’t apply in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, we’ll explain at that time if they are engaged or not.
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
The right to object to processing of your personal information
The right to restrict processing of your personal information
The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”)
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how we process it
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (“data portability”)
Rights in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office which enforces data protection laws: https://ico.org.uk/. You can contact us using the details below.
15. Your right to object
You have the right to object to certain purposes for processing, in particular to data processed for direct marketing purposes and to data processed for certain reasons based on our legitimate interests. You can contact us by going to the Contact Us section of this privacy statement.
16. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, or if you wish to exercise your rights or contact the ‘Data Officer’, you can contact us by going to the Contact Us section of our website. Alternatively, you can write to WRc plc, Frankland Road, Blagrove, Swindon, SN5 8YF marking it for the attention of the Data Officer or mail dataofficer@wrcplc.co.uk
We do use cookies on our website - small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We use session cookies only to store the necessary information during each visit to identify the projects you have expressed an interest in until you are ready to register and send us your expression of interest. We also use cookies between visits to our website for a limited amount of time to recognise you as returning visitor.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.aboutcookies.org. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies certain features of our web site may not work.
Latest News
Feeds
Latest News
WRc delighted to join the RSK Group
August 20, 2020
WRc's share details of a new collaborative innovation project that will help the water sector on its journey to 'Net Zero'
July 09, 2020
WRc Response to Ofwat Consultation on Innovation Funding and Competition
July 01, 2020
Fine to Flush Testing
Read More
New Fine to Flush Video
Get your wipes tested, contact us today
WRc offer Fine to Flush Certification Scheme
Tweets by @WRcplc