http://www.hydroponics.net/privacy.php
Search
Search
Toggle navigation
Products
Learning Center
Testimonials
Contact
Login
View Cart
Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 10, 2014
Information we collect
We collect and store information when you browse our website like the pages you request, the page that linked to us, the type of browser you're using and the IP address you're connecting from. We also store information you might provide when submitting forms like search terms and contact messages. If you place an order, we store your name, address and a portion of the credit card number if you use one. No other credit card information is stored. We also store email messages, text messages, voicemail messages and faxes. Our website may send you some information in a cookie that will assist you with logging in when you return to the site.
You can request to have your information removed from our systems by
contacting us.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information collected when you browse the website to maintain the website and make improvements.
We use your name, address and contact information to deliver your orders to you. This requires us to supply this information to the shipping companies we use. This information may also be supplied to our suppliers if your order is shipped by them.
We also use your name, address and contact information to validate your payment information with our payment processor when you use a credit card or PayPal.
We use the contact information you provide to contact you and for use during log in to the website.
Information we share with third parties
We respect your privacy. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to third parties for purposes other than to process and deliver your orders.
If you order from us we may offer you the opportunity to fill out a survey from a third party. This is optional and not required for ordering. The information you supply for these surveys is not under our control.
Search
Search
Home | Products | Learning Center | Returns & Refunds | Shipping | Privacy | Testimonials | Contact | Login | View Cart |
Copyright 1992-2020 Greentrees Hydroponics
2180 Chablis Court, Suite 108, Escondido, California 92029
Special Shipping Requirements
This item is either too heavy, too large, hazardous material, or too fragile to ship with UPS or USPS and will require shipping on a pallet. It's more economical to order items like this with a large order.
Close