http://www.presidential.com/privacy-policy
Contact Us
Alert: COVID-19 update
Paycheck Protection Loans
ABA #: 255073345
I want to....
Log In to My Account Open an AccountPay BillsApply for a LoanOrder Checks & Forms
Contact Customer Service
Section Navigation
Personal BankingCommercial BankingTrust ServicesLocationsAbout Presidential
Account Login
Username
Password
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Revised 04/2015
Questions? Call 800-383-6266 or use our search feature.
Facts
What does Presidential Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores or other debt
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Presidential Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Presidential Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes -
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes -
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes -
information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
What we do
How does Presidential Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. Those measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Presidential Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your debit card
direct us to buy or sell securities
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing of affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State law and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates: Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies such as Presidential Service Corporation, Realty Home Mortgage Co., LLC and Painter Bay Company, LLC.
Nonaffiliates: Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Presidential Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing: A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include other financial companies offering credit related products.
Last Modifications: 6/7/2017 1:06:48 PM
©2020 Presidential Bank > Privacy Policy > Sitemap
Disclaimer
*APY = Annual Percentage Yield
Presidential Bank reminds you that email@presidential.com is NOT a secure means of communication. Please refrain from including personal information such as account numbers, Tax ID/Social Security numbers, passwords, etc. We encourage you to maintain contact with us through our Secure Email service, located within Personal Online Banking. Help us keep YOUR personal information PRIVATE!
Customer Service Center
800-383-6266 or
240-333-9059
fax: 301-951-3582
8 am-10 pm Eastern Time, Mon. - Fri.
Loan Servicing Department
800-574-3364 or
301-951-8290
fax: 301-951-3706
9 am-4 pm Eastern Time, Mon. - Fri.