https://www.nustep.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | NuStep, LLC
About Us
International
Customer Service
Contact Us
Sign-in
Cart(0)
CALL: 800.322.2209
Buy Direct
Submit a review
Benna Kisin-SchultzNuStep got me on my feet again after 4 spinal surgeries and a stroke. I do not think I would be walking today without the help...and now I will have one in my home to keep me going all year round!
Nancy A. ConwayI have had MS for about 20 years now, diagnosed first with RRMS and have progressed to the stage of SPMS.
Physical therapy has always been a challenge for me, not so much in doing the therapy, but getting to the facility.
Just getting to the PT facility was the PT itself.
Also, as anyone with MS knows, one typically has a time during each day when your symptoms seem to be more manageable.
For me that is the early evening. After years of struggling and ultimately giving up on getting to the facility (FT day job + family responsibilities), I decided to purchase the T5XR for in-home use.
I love it.
I can now do my exercise at a time that works for me (early evening).
I have a long way to go, but I am up to 45 minutes at Level 4, about 2.25-2.50 miles.
What a difference this machine has made in my life. Thank you so much.
Maria BarretoThis the best exercise machine ever, in 2014 I broke my back and it help me get back in shape . In 2018 I broke my ancle and is helping getting the strength on my ancle and legs, is so easy and fun to use it also helps by arms. Love, love this machine, unfortunately they do not have it in regular gyms. I am really thinking of getting one.
Dale MungerHit by a car in Nov 2017 two metal plates in leg, knee fracture ,shoulder fracture,six broken ribs two back fractures, in Jan started on Nu Step level 4 8min my athletic club as one, now once or twice a week I do 30min at level 10 1;000 steps back to work with only cane(for now) 60 years old with heart issues...thank you
Katie FrysFirst heard of you when my PT put me on a T5XR last fall. I have never had such a positive experience exercising before! My rare condition that I was diagnosed with in 2013, makes mobility for me very difficult. Your machine gave me a level of comfort that I have not seen in a long time! For that, I say 'thank you!' I should really make it out to your facility sometime to personally say it. Also happen to be in Metro Detroit...an EMU '09 Alum here! Thanks again, and keep up the good work Should be writing to share my story soon!
Loyal MealerMy father-in-law recently purchased a new T4r system with the goal of exercising his way back to golf after a really bad sepsis infection almost killed him. About two weeks after receiving his new T4r system, and without ever being able to use it, my father-in-law passed away. We didn't know what to do with his expensive piece of equipment. Thinking that perhaps NuStep would have a suggestion, we called them. We were blown away by their response. "We'll take it back and give you a full refund, including all shipping costs." Say, what? Companies with this kind of customer service and understanding just don't exist anymore, right? What planet am I on? NuStep: you are amazing! You have renewed my faith in humanity and are the very definition of a decent, caring and moral business. Thank you!!
Lynnie LewterThe T4r is the only machine at the physiotherapy clinic that does not cause my ankle pain.
Really enjoying getting active again for the first time in months, since my ankle injury.
Great piece of equipment!!!
Amanda BeardI'm obsessed with my NuStep and I love having one at my home for workouts while my kids are napping. Helps me stay in amazing shape and I never get bored with the boot camps I do around the machine. Love!!!!
Rita Darlene BrownLove the nustep!!!
It's helped me recover from total knee replacement.
Am only 7 weeks out but hoping to purchase one for at home as I need to also lose weight.
Clydella BirkholzI used a NuStep in my in-patient rehab stay following my stroke in 2005. I really miss it’s extremely safe process for me to get some real exercise, without the fall risk of walking on a treadmill with my weak leg’s spasming ankle, and even more I miss the good stretch that it gave my contracting left arm. I am finally able to afford to get my own and will be ordering one for my home. I am very excited and can hardly wait, just have to wait until a room is prepared for it here, where my brother will also relocate my treadmill into, so that we will have a home fitness room for everyone in the house to utilize.
Randy AtwellI have worked as a NuStep Distribution Clerk for eleven years and have had the privelege of interacting with several customers. These are people from all walks of life, who have used the NuStep in rehab, and want to own one for their home. I have been told, more than once, by people who have experienced extreme physical challenges, that the NuStep has "saved their life". I don't make the products, I just ship them, but I feel humbled and blessed to be a part of a company that is making such a huge difference in people's lives.
Matthew DrakeThe best place I've ever worked and the best machine out there!
Alex GubaThis trainer is a excellent low impact device.
Good workout but noisy.
Makes a clunking/grinding sound when used with higher resistances.
Contacted customer service, recorded sound, their opinion was that this noise was 'normal'.
When working out hard, sounds like something is going to break.
The lower rating is due to the noises, otherwise it would be a 5 star.
Diana Dlugos KohneProvides an excellent workout, whether you're looking for an intense cardio session or just wanting low-impact exercise; best quality I've seen in exercise equipment!
Carmen HartleyAfter having numerous surgery's on my knee and ankle I have to go therapy and the new seated stepper really helps me to get motion on my ankle and help with my knees .One day I will purchase one for my home ,this gives you a grate workout Love it
Diana KohneProvides an excellent workout, whether you're looking for an intense cardio session or just wanting low-impact exercise; best quality I've seen in exercise equipment!
Cathy Abbott AtlijaI have primary progressive multiple sclerosis and right arm and leg are very weak. Before being introduced to
the NuStep at a rehab center, no other exercise equipment had worked for me. With the leg brace and the hand
grip assist I was able to for the first time in years. I'm up to 60 minutes and 4700 steps on level 5.
Submit a Review
Your Name *Your Email *Your Testimonial *Include a photo of yourself?Category
Select
Include a Rating5 Stars4 Stars3 Stars2 Stars1 StarNo Rating
Leave this blank if you're human
REVIEWS
Menu
Transitt
Shop Cross Trainers
All Cross Trainers
T6MAX
T6PRO
T5XRW
T5XR
T5
T4r
Accessories
Service Parts
Home Use
Consumer Financing
Rehabilitation
Cardiac Rehabilitation
Physical Therapy
Health and Wellness
Professional Use
Senior Living
Healthcare
Fitness
Testimonials
FAQs
FAQ
Warranty
Community
Videos
Share Your Story
Blog
Nustepping To End Alzheimer’s
Contact Us
About Nustep
News
Blog
Research
Careers
CALL: 800.322.2209
nustep, llc PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: March 25, 2019
NuStep, LLC believes in your right to privacy when using the Internet for your communication, and protecting your private information is our priority.  As such, NuStep, LLC and its affiliates (“NuStep”) have created this Privacy Policy in compliance with applicable law and in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.  This Privacy Policy describes how NuStep collects, uses, discloses, transfers, stores, retains or otherwise processes your information when you (whether in your individual or business capacity) access or use, in any manner, any content, products, services or related activities (collectively “Services”), including through the Internet domain(s) owned or operated by NuStep, which include but are not limited to:
nustep.com
We refer to the above website(s) and all related websites as “sites” and to each of them as a “site.”  When we refer to “we,” “us,” or “our,” we mean NuStep, or the specific division, subsidiary, or affiliate that operates a site, provides its content, or processes information received through it, each as appropriate and applicable.  When we refer to “you” or “your,” we mean the person accessing the site.  If the person accessing the site does so on behalf of, or for the purposes of, another person, including a business or other organization, “you” or “your” also means that other person, including a business organization.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of our Services, and covers information collected in connection with your access to and use of our Services.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  By continuing to interact with our Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
our privacy policy includes:
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
BIOMETRIC DATA
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
COOKIES POLICY
HOW TO RESTRICT COOKIES
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
LINKING SITES
SOCIAL MEDIA
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
DO NOT TRACK
MARKETING AND PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) COMPLIANCE AND RELATED INFORMATION
SECURITY
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
GENERAL DISCLOSURES
Each of the sites is hosted in the United States.  If you are visiting the site(s) from outside of the United States, please note that by providing your information it is being transferred to, stored or processed in the United States and other countries, where our data center and servers are located and operated.  This section sets forth the general privacy policy for the United States and other jurisdictions not otherwise specifically covered by the jurisdiction-specific policies or jurisdiction-specific policies below.  If you are outside the United States and do not wish to allow the transfer of your personal data to the United States, you should not use these site(s) and opt-out of the collection of cookies.  View our COOKIES POLICY.
We take your privacy and the protection of your personal data seriously.  We will only store, process and disclose your personal information in accordance with applicable law.  We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.  We do our best to protect your privacy through the appropriate use of information security measures.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
1. Information You Provide To Us Directly
NuStep may collect different information from or about you depending on the manner in which you use our site(s) or Services.  The following examples are provided to help you better understand the information we may collect through your use of the site(s) or in the course of us providing our Services.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier.
Contact Data includes personal mailing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Biometric Data includes biometric identifiers and biometric information, as defined in the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, 740 ILCS § 14/10, or other applicable laws, and as further discussed in the Biometric Data
As an example of how we collect any information you provide to us directly, in order to use certain features of the site(s), such as creating an account, you are required to provide a username or email address and password, and in that case, we will collect and store any personal information you provided to us, such as email address, username, and/or password.
2. Information Received Through Third-Party Platforms
You may access our site(s) through third-party platforms, such as Facebook.  If you use our  site(s) on or through a third-party platform, including via any mobile and/or other Internet connected devices (“Wireless Devices”), or click on third-party links, the collection, use, and disclosure of your information and your use of the site(s) will also be subject to the privacy policies and other terms of such third parties or third-party platforms.  You should review such privacy policies, terms and other agreements.
3. Collection Of Technical Information And Usage Data
When you access NuStep’s site(s), we may automatically collect certain information.  This information may include without limitation:  (a) technical information about your computer or Wireless Device, such as your IP address, geolocation information, device type, operating system type and version, unique device ID, browser, browser language, domain and other systems information or platform types (collectively “Technical Information”); and (b) usage statistics about your interaction with  the NuStep’s site(s), including pages accessed, referring website address(es) time spent on  pages, pages visited, search queries, click data, date and time and other information regarding your use of the NuStep’s site(s) (collectively “Usage Data”).
This Technical Information and Usage Data, which may be linked to your personal information, is collected through the use of server logs and tracking technologies, including:  (i) cookies, which are small pieces of code that websites send to your computer or Wireless Device to uniquely identify your browser or mobile device or to store information in your browser setting; and (ii) web beacons, which are small objects that allow us to measure the actions of visitors using the NuStep’s site(s).  For more detailed information regarding how we use cookies and other technology, please review the additional information in our COOKIES POLICY.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use information about you for a number of purposes, including:
1. Providing, Improving And Developing Our Services
Reviewing and analyzing user browser and wireless device technical information;
Reviewing user activity across site(s) (for example, NuStep analyzes trends, user traffic and usage information to determine the performance of content, research reports or events);
Processing or recording payment transactions or money transfers;
Otherwise providing you with the NuStep products and features you choose to use;
Displaying your historical transaction or information;
Providing, maintaining and improving our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Delivering the information and support you request, including digital receipts, invoices and scheduling information;
Improving, personalizing and facilitating your use of our Services; and
Measuring, tracking and analyzing trends and usage in connection with your use or the performance of our Services.
2. Communicating With You About Our Services
Responding to questions or concerns;
Sending you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us about our Services and the industry we serve;
Sending push notifications to your desktop or wireless device to provide updates on relevant resources and content, which can be managed through your computer or smartphone browser;
Manage your account preferences, establish your profile and registration information; and
Conducting surveys and collecting feedback about our industry and Services.
3. Protecting Our Services And Maintaining A Trusted Environment
Enforcing our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or policies;
Verifying your identity;
Complying with any applicable laws or regulations, or in response to lawful requests for information from the government or through legal process;
Fulfilling any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services;
Analyze trends and user traffic, track purchases and usage information; and
Contacting you to resolve disputes and provide assistance with our Services.
4.  Advertising And Marketing
Marketing of our Services, events, research and products; and
Communicating with you about opportunities, products, services, contests, promotions, discounts, incentives, surveys and rewards offered by us and select partners.
If we send you marketing emails, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt out” of receiving future marketing or other communications.
If we obtain any Personal Information from you we will not sell it to third parties. It may be used internally as part of special merchandising and promotion programs and we may disclose non-personally identifiable compilations of information to third parties for marketing related purposes.
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us in writing and letting us know your specific opt-out request.  To learn about your choices regarding interest-based advertising and cross-device tracking, please see below.
5. Other Uses
For any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services from time to time.
Biometric Data
This section defines NuStep’s policies and practices with respect to Biometric Data, as defined below, and is implemented under applicable laws, including, but not limited to, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, 740 ILCS § 14/1, et seq. and as may be amended (“BIPA”).
As used in this Privacy Policy, “Biometric Data” includes “biometric identifiers” and “biometric information” as defined in BIPA, 740 ILCS § 14/10, or other applicable laws. A fingerprint is an example of a biometric identifier.
NuStep will collect your Biometric Data for the following purpose(s):
NuStep and/or its vendors collect, store, and use your Biometric Data to identify you and verify your identity while using a Transitt.
NuStep and/or its vendors will not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit from your Biometric Data.
NuStep will not disclose, disseminate, or otherwise share your Biometric Data to or with anyone other than its vendors, who provide NuStep with products and services using Biometric Data, without/unless:
First obtaining your written consent to such disclosure or dissemination;
The disclosure of Biometric Data is necessary to complete a financial transaction requested or authorized by you;
Disclosure is required by state or federal law or municipal ordinance; or
Disclosure is required pursuant to a valid warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.
NuStep shall use a reasonable standard of care to store, transmit, and protect from disclosure any Biometric Data collected. Such storage, transmission, and protection from disclosure shall be performed in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the manner in which NuStep stores, transmits, and protects from disclosure other confidential and sensitive information.
NuStep shall retain Biometric Data only until, and shall request that its vendors destroy such data when, the first of the following occurs:
the initial purpose for collecting or obtaining such Biometric Data has been satisfied;
within three (3) years of your last interaction with NuStep; or
as otherwise may be required according to applicable law.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
1. When And How We May Share/Disclose Your Information With Third-Parties
We will share your information with the following third parties and under the circumstances described below or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
We may share your information with third-party companies that perform services on our behalf, including for payment processing, order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, advertising services (including but not limited to retargeted advertising), e-mail and hosting services, and customer services and support. These third-party service providers may access your personal information and may only use it as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data.  We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and they are only permitted to process your personal data in accordance with our instructions.
2. Corporate Transactions
We may share your personal information with other business entities in connection with the sale, assignment, merger or other transfer of all or a portion of NuStep’s business or assets to such business entity (including due to a sale in connection with a bankruptcy).  We will require any such purchaser, assignee or other successor business entity to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy.
3. Disclosure Of Information For Legal Purposes
NuStep may disclose personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any agreement with NuStep, or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of our site(s), or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.  We may disclose information in response to a subpoena, search warrant, in connection with judicial proceedings, or pursuant to court orders, legal process or other law enforcement measures.  NuStep may disclose or access personal information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, to establish our legal rights or to defend against legal claims, and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our Services.
4. Analytics And Data Enrichment Services
We use third-party analytics such as Google Analytics to help understand your usage of our site(s) and to improve our Services.
5. Aggregated Or De-identified Information
We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose.  Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal information but does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
COOKIES POLICY
Like many online platforms, NuStep and its analytics vendors use server logs and automated data collection tools, such as browser cookies, pixel tags, scripts and web beacons. These tools are used for analytics purposes to enable NuStep to understand how users interact with the site(s) and Services.  NuStep and its analytics vendors may tie the information gathered by these means to the identity of users.
Cookies are small text files placed on a computer or device while browsing the Internet.  Cookies are used to collect, store and share bits of information about user activities.  NuStep uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies are used to identify a particular visit to the NuStep’s site(s) and collect information about your interaction with the site(s).  These cookies expire after a short time or when the user closes their web browser after using the site(s).  NuStep uses these cookies to identify a user during a single browsing session, such as when you log into the site(s).  This helps NuStep improve the site(s) and Services as well as improve the users’ browsing experience.
A persistent cookie will remain on  a user’s device for a set period of time specified in the cookie.  NuStep uses these cookies to identify and recognize a specific user over a longer period of time.  They allow NuStep to:
analyze the usage of the site(s) (e.g. what links users click on) in order to improve our offering;
test different versions of the site(s) to see which particular features or content users prefer to optimize the site(s);
provide a more personalized experience to users with more relevant content and course recommendations; and
allow users to more easily log in to use the site(s) and Services.
Examples of persistent cookies include:  (i) preferences cookies to remember information about a user’s browser and settings preferences, such as preferred language – preference cookies make a user’s experience more functional and customized, (ii) authentication and security cookies to enable a user to log in or stay logged in to access the site(s) and Services, to protect user accounts against fraudulent log-ins by others and to help detect and protect against abuse or unauthorized usage of user accounts and (iii) functional cookies to make the experience of using the site(s) and  Services better, like remembering the sound volume level selected by the user.
NuStep uses tracking technology to:  (i) determine if a certain page was visited or whether an email sent by NuStep was opened or clicked on  by a user; and (ii) to customize the learning experience of individual users by recommending specific courses and other content.
We also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and clicked on by recipients.  We may use the information we obtain from the cookie in the administration of the site(s), to improve the usability of the site(s) and for marketing purposes.  We may also use that information to recognize your computer when you visit our site(s), and to personalize our site(s) for you.
Cookies and information captured through our site(s) are stored for a certain retention period, however you can eliminate these cookies any time before the expiration date.
HOW TO RESTRICT COOKIES
You can adjust the settings in your browser in order to restrict or block cookies that are set by the site(s) (or any other website on the Internet).  Your browser may include information on how to adjust your settings.  Alternatively, you may visit  www.allaboutcookies.org to obtain comprehensive general information about cookies and how to adjust the cookie settings on various browsers.  This site also explains how to delete cookies from your computer.
You can control and delete these cookies through your browser settings through the following:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Safari
Opera
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Safari for iOS (iPhone and iPad)
Chrome for Android
Or you can also use the following cookie management and disposal tool from Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plug-in from the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact the functionality of the Services.  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.  Additional general information about cookies, including how to be notified about the placement of new cookies and how to disable cookies, can be found at www.allaboutcookies.org.
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
We may use third-party service providers to provide site metrics and other analytics services.  These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information, such as your IP address, identifiers associated with your device, other applications on your device, the browsers you use to access our site(s) and Services, webpages viewed, time spent on webpages, links clicked and conversion information (e.g., transactions entered into).  This information may be used by NuStep and third-party service providers on behalf of NuStep to analyze and track usage of our site(s) and Services, to determine the popularity of certain content and to better understand how you use our site(s) and Services.  The third-party service providers that we engage are bound by confidentiality obligations and other restrictions with respect to their use and collection of your information.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies, which are covered by such third-parties’ privacy policies.  For more information, we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third-parties to learn about their privacy practices.  For more information about targeted advertising specifically, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
LINKING SITES
The site(s) contain(s) links to other websites.  NuStep is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, including any websites that may indicate a special relationship or partnership with us (such as co-branded pages or “powered by” or “in cooperation with” relationships).  We do not share information we gather with other websites or any other entities or individuals unless such sharing is disclosed to you in advance through this Privacy Policy.  Other linked websites, however, may collect personal information from you that is not subject to our control.  To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy policy of the websites you may visit by linking from the site(s).  Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our site(s), and not to other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we link.
For instance, information collected through Google Analytics is shared with Google and its partners who may combine it with other information you provided to them or they collected from your use of their services.  This information is stored in Google’s servers according to their privacy practices.
SOCIAL MEDIA
We may collect information from other sources, such as social media platforms that may share information about how you interact with our social media content.  We do not control how your personal information is collected, stored or used by such third-party websites or to whom it is disclosed.  You should review the privacy policies and settings on any social media website that you subscribe to so that you understand the information they collect and may be sharing.  If you do not want your social media websites to share information about you, you must contact that website and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt-out of sharing such information.  NuStep is not responsible for how these third-party websites may use information collected from or about you.
Further, our site(s) may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button.  Our integration of these features may allow third-party social media to collect certain information, such as your IP address and which page(s) you are visiting when using our site(s) and Services, and to set a cookie to enable that feature to function properly.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We generally retain your information as long as reasonably necessary to provide you the Services or to comply with applicable law.  To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements.  We may retain copies of information about you and any transactions or Services you have used for a period of time that is consistent with applicable law, applicable statute of limitations or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, to enforce other applicable agreements or policies or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.  This allows the specific information collected (name, email, address, phone number, etc.) to become anonymous, but allows NuStep to keep the transaction or engagement data.  For example, NuStep will not be able to tell if John Smith registered for an event, but we will be able to tell that a person registered for an event and maintain headcount and transactional history.  This will allow NuStep to maintain a level of information that helps us develop and improve our site(s) and Services.
DO NOT TRACK
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking across websites.  Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked.  However, there is no accepted standard for how a website should respond to this signal, so we do not take any action in response to this signal.  NuStep does not have a mechanism in place to respond to DNT signals.  Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the choices described in this Privacy Policy to manage the collection and use of information about you.
NuStep does track some activity across websites (including your search terms, the website you visited before you visited or used the Services and other clickstream data) and we may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy from web browsers that have enabled DNT signals or similar mechanisms.
MARKETING AND PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
You may opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional messages from NuStep, if those messages are powered by NuStep, by contacting us in writing and letting us know your specific opt-out request.  If you decide to opt-out, you will still receive non-promotional communications relevant to your use of our Services.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) COMPLIANCE AND RELATED INFORMATION
The Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act (COPPA) regulates online collection of information from persons under the age of 13.  It is our policy to refrain from knowingly collecting or maintaining personal information relating to any person under the age of 18.  If you are under the age of 18, please do not supply any personal information through the site(s).  If you are under the age of 18 and have already provided personal information through the site(s), please have your parent or guardian contact us immediately using the information provided under CONTACT US so that we can remove such information from our files.
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  Nevertheless, no online or computer environment is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information.  We hold information about you both at our own premises and with the assistance of third-party service providers.  Further public disclosure here of our security measures could aid those who might attempt to circumvent those security measures.  If you have additional questions regarding security, please feel free to contact us directly using the information provided under CONTACT US.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits residents of California to request certain details about our disclosure of your personal information by us to third-parties for direct marketing purposes during the immediate preceding calendar year.  If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please contact us using the information provided under CONTACT US.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time as we add new features and Services, as laws change and as industry privacy and security best practices evolve.  We display an effective date on this Privacy Policy at the top of this Privacy Policy so that it will be easier for you to know when there has been a change.  If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy regarding use or disclosure of personal information, we will provide advance notice on our site(s).  Changes will apply to information collected after the change is effective.  Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes.  Small changes or changes that do not significantly affect individual privacy interests may be made at any time and without prior notice.  Your use of the site(s) constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised Privacy Policy, please exit the site(s) immediately.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the site(s) or your dealings with the site(s), you can contact us by using the information provided under CONTACT US.
CONTACT US
Please contact NuStep with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice.
NuStep, LLC
5111 Venture Drive
Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA 48108
info@nustep.com
1-800-322-2209
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you believe our Privacy Policy or applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information have not been respected, you may file a complaint with NuStep using the contact information listed above, and we will respond to let you know who will be handling your matter and when you can expect a further response.  We may request additional details from you regarding your concerns and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and address your issue.  We may keep records of your request and any resolution.
SOCIAL
Stay connected with NuStep.
CONTACT
Click here or call us toll free:
800.322.2209
Menu
Transitt
Shop Cross Trainers
Home Use
Professional Use
Testimonials
FAQs
Community
About
Contact Us
About Nustep
News
Blog
Research
Careers
Products
T4r
T5
T5XR
T5XRW
Transitt
Accessories
Service Parts
© 2018, NuStep LLC, Ann Arbor, MI
Site Map
Legal
Privacy Policy
Careers
Contact Us
Individual results may vary. *If you are not totally satisfied with your NuStep cross trainer and accessories that you purchase from us, NuStep will accept a return of the cross trainer and accessories and will refund to you the full price that you paid, less NuStep’s costs in shipping and delivering the cross trainer and accessories to you. The only conditions to this guaranty are that: you purchased the cross trainer and accessories directly from NuStep (not from a dealer) and they were delivered to you in the United States; we receive a written notice from you asking for the return within the first 30 days after delivery to you; and the cross trainer and accessories are in the same condition as when delivered to you when our shipping agent takes possession from you for reshipment to NuStep. We will pay the costs of re-shipment to NuStep.