http://www.customuniforms.com/terms-conditions.php
Terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
By visiting the AF Global Investments LLC website (customuniforms.com), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and to our Terms and Conditions.Information that is collected about you may include but is not limited to your name, company name, address, phone number, email address, fax number, cookies, IP logs etc. We may also collect information about your use of the Website, such as the date and time of your visits, the pages you have accessed, the documents you have retrieved, the type of browser used at the time of your visit and all personal correspondences with us (primarily emails). We take all reasonable steps to protect this information from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
AF Global Investments LLC is committed to ensuring that the collection and processing of your data, carried out from the site customuniforms.com, complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Each form or teleservice limits the collection of personal data to what is strictly necessary (minimization of data) and specifies:
what are the objectives of the data collection,
if this data is mandatory or optional for the management of your request,
who will have access to it (only AF Global Investments LLC unless specified in the form when transmission to a third party is necessary to manage your request),
The personal data collected as part of the services offered on customuniforms.com are processed according to secure protocols and enable AF Global Investments LLC to handle requests received in its computer applications.
For any information or to exercise your rights concerning the processing of personal data managed by AF Global Investments LLC, you can contact AF Global Investments LLC and if appropriate its Data Protection Officer (DPO), if distinguished.
Set cookies options.
Links
Our Website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites.
Copyright
The entire content of this website (customuniforms.com) is copyrighted under USA copyright law. You may print and download portions of material from the different areas of the Web Site solely for your own use. Any other copying, redistribution, retransmission or publication of any downloaded material, is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the site owner.
Home
Services
Cutting & Sewing
Embroidery & Silkscreen
Uniform design
Wholesale uniforms
Career Apparel
Products
Kitchen and Food industry
Industrial Worker
Work wear
Hi-Visibility
Flame Resistant
Rain Wear
Foot wear
Hand Protection
Security
Police
Security
Health Care
Hospitality and Executive
Hospitality
Housekeeping
Executive
Retail and Stores
Sports
Tennis
Football
Basketball
Baseball
Sportswear
Schools
PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS
Contact us
Terms and conditions
Site map
Phone : 305-576-3000
Contact us
Locate us
Languages:
EN
ES
Follow us :