http://www.advance.com.au/general/legal-disclaimer.asp
Log in to: Investor Online | Adviser Exchange | AdviserNetAdvance
Funds
Diversified Multi-Blend Funds
Advance Defensive Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Moderate Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Balanced Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Growth Multi-Blend Fund
Advance High Growth Multi-Blend Fund
Sector Multi-Blend Funds
Advance Australian Fixed Interest Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Australian Shares Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Cash Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Defensive Yield Multi-Blend Fund
Advance International Fixed Interest Multi-Blend Fund
Advance International Shares Multi-Blend Fund
Advance Property Securities Multi-Blend Fund
Single Manager Funds
Prices & Performance
Unit prices
Distributions
Product Disclosure Statements
Sustainable investing
Forms & Documents
Forms
Product Disclosure Statements
Annual Financial Reports
Regulatory & PDS Updates
Market Insights
Market Insights
Perils of Market Timing
Asset class performance
About Advance
Investment Team
Advance Representatives
Sustainable Investing
Find an adviser
Contact Us
Print this page
Legal Disclaimer
Important information
The issue of the information contained in this site is solely authorised by Advance Asset Management Limited (Advance) ABN 98 002 538 329, Australian Financial Services Licence No. (AFSL) 240902, a member of the Westpac Banking Corporation ABN33 007 457 141 (Westpac) group of companies (Westpac Group).
Advance Asset Management Limited ABN 98 002 538 329 AFSL 240902 is the issuer and Responsible Entity of the Advance Funds and is a part of the Westpac Banking Group of companies.  BT Funds Management Limited ABN 63 002 916 458 AFSL 233 724 is the Trustee of the Advance Retirement Suite and is a part of the Westpac Banking Group of companies.
Copyright
© The copyright in all information displayed on this website is owned by or licensed to Advance unless otherwise expressly indicated. Except as expressly permitted, no information may be copied, reproduced, downloaded, transmitted or re-distributed.
Important disclosures
The information displayed or given on this website is of a general nature and does not take into account any person’s objectives, financial situation or needs and, because of that, you should, before acting on the information, consider whether the information is appropriate for you, having regard to these factors. You should also consider obtaining independent legal, financial and/or other professional advice before making a decision in relation to any investment. Before deciding whether to acquire, or continue to hold, a Advance product, you should obtain and consider the relevant Product Disclosure Statement for that product. You can obtain a copy from your financial planner, by downloading it from this website or by calling Advance on 1800 819 935, 8.30am - 7.00pm (AEST).
Applications for units in an Advance Managed Fund or an Advance Super Product may only be made on the application form included in, or which accompanies, the current Product Disclosure Statement for that fund or product. Investments in a fund or product can only be made by persons receiving a Product Disclosure Statement (including an electronic version) in Australia. If you are in possession of a Product Disclosure Statement outside Australia, you should seek advice regarding restrictions on investing. Failure to comply with relevant restrictions may violate laws.
Limitation of Liability
Neither Advance, Westpac, nor any other Westpac Group company makes any representation as to the performance or success of, the rates of income or capital return from, or recovery of money invested in any of the products accessible through this site. Financial products referred to on this website do not represent deposits or liabilities of Westpac and are subject to investment risk, including possible delays in repayment and the loss of income and capital invested.
While the information displayed on this website is based on information obtained from sources which are believed to be reliable, it has not been independently verified and no warranties are given that it is complete, accurate, up to date or fit for the purpose for which it is required. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. All information displayed on the website, including but not limited to product and service information, fees, unit and share prices, gearing and interest rates, tax information and performance figures, is subject to change without notice.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Advance nor any other member of the Westpac Group will be liable to any party in contract, tort (including for negligence) or otherwise for any loss or damage arising either directly or indirectly as a result of reliance on, use of or inability to use any information displayed on this website. Where liability cannot be excluded by law then, to the extent permissible by law, liability is limited to the resupply of the information or the reasonable cost of having the information resupplied.
Third Party Information and Links
Some of the information displayed on this website may be provided by third parties who are not related to Advance or any other company in the Westpac Group ("Third Party Information"). Neither Advance nor any other company in the Westpac Group is in any way responsible for and does not guarantee the quality or accuracy of any Third Party Information.
This website may also contain links to websites operated by third parties (“Third Parties”) who are not related to Advance or any other company in the Westpac Group (“Third Party Web Sites”). These links are provided for convenience only and do not represent any endorsement or approval by Advance or any other company in the Westpac Group of those Third Parties or the information, products or services displayed or offered on the Third Party Web Sites.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Advance nor any other company in the Westpac Group will be liable to any party in contract, tort (including for negligence) or otherwise for any loss or damage arising either directly or indirectly from reliance on, the use of or inability to use any Third Party Information or Third Party Web Sites.
Privacy
Privacy laws protect your privacy. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.
What is the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA)?
Australian and US laws in accordance with the reporting provisions, commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), requires all Financial Institutions to identify and report customers who may be US residents for taxation purposes to the Australian Taxation Office.
This will require Advance to identify, and we may be required to report, certain US customers and investors to regulators.
If you are a US citizen or resident for taxation purposes, you must notify us when you open a new account or investment, by calling 1300 725 863 (9am – 5pm AEST, Monday to Friday). This applies to:
Personal customers who are US citizens or residents for taxation purposes
Business customers where either the entity or its controlling person(s) are US citizens or residents for taxation purposes
More information about FATCA can be obtained from the Australian Taxation Office or the US Internal Revenue Service.
If you are a US citizen or tax resident you need to notify us by calling 1300 725 863 (9am – 5pm AEST, Monday to Friday).
Contact us
Financial Services Guide
Site map
License & reference numbers
Legal Disclaimer
BT
Privacy Policy
© Advance Asset Management Limited (Advance) ABN 98 002 538 329, Australian Financial Services Licence No. (AFSL) 240902 is a member of the Westpac Banking Corporation (Westpac) Group..