http://www.hotkilns.com/support/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
KILNS BUILT TO LAST
Kilns
Parts
Industry
Support
Why
Buy
Privacy and Confidentiality Policy
Home>
Support>
Privacy and Confidentiality Policy
Disclaimer
This web site is a service of L&L Kilns Mfg, Inc. (“L&L”). The service is intended as a forum for presentation of product information and the discussion of issues of concern to ceramic kiln users and L&L customers/prospects, as well as others viewing the Site. Nothing included in the Site, or in any of the accompanying literature presented herein shall create, in and of itself, a contractual relationship or confidential relationship between L&L and the viewer/participant. Information contained in these pages, while it may be helpful in a general nature to viewers/participants, is not a substitute for presentation of the specific facts of a situation to a qualified engineer and/or L&L sales representative. This web site is specifically presented for the benefit of L&L’s customers and prospective customers and represents a training and sales presentation.
Privacy Policy
Introduction: L&L is committed to safeguarding your privacy. We believe that the best way to protect the privacy of users of hotkilns.com (the "Site") is to tell you what information we gather and ensure that you understand and consent to our uses of such information. We may occasionally modify the Privacy Policy and will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. We may let you know via the homepage when this happens but you should check the policy frequently to read the Privacy Policy to review any changes.
External Links
Please note that the Site contains links to and from other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites and the information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We set out below answers to frequently asked questions regarding our Privacy Policy.
What Information Is Collected and How We Use It
What information do we collect? How do we use it?: When you visit the Site, we may ask you for certain log-in information such as contact information, telephone numbers, your email address, your location (e.g. U.S.) and the name of your organization. We also provide you the opportunity to sign up to receive our Newsletter and other product/service information and your response to that opportunity constitutes a “Yes” to our request for permission to contact you by E-Mail (which can be revoked at any time by use of the “Discontinue” link on such emails or by emailing the Webmaster with the subject line: "Discontinue Email". We will stop the use of your information for such purposes as soon as it is reasonably possible to do so.
Additionally, if you accept being surveyed to provide user feedback, you may be asked demographic information questions – which will always have a “decline” or “not applicable” response available.
This information is stored on our customer/prospect database. The database enables us to provide you with any articles and other information you request from us or which we believe will be of interest to you in the future. We may also use your computer log-on information to track activity on the Site. We do this in order to serve you better as we understand how you and other visitors use the Site.
We will only use your information for the purposes set out below if you have indicated a general acceptance that you wish us to use your information in this way when submitting the information.
From time to time we would like to use the information you supply to us for:
•    Our own market research (i.e. geography, client demographics, company and industry information, etc.;
•    Responding to feedback received from Clients or answering your specific questions;
•    Informing you about our services which may include contacting you by telephone;
•    Giving your information to qualified, affiliated, and associated Distributor and/or Vendors to enable them to contact you about a potential product or service offering which is not able to be done by L&L or which is supplemental and supportive to the products and services offered by L&L; and,
•    Providing you with regular editions/updates of any Newsletter published by L&L or provided by an approved source for L&L.
Do we share your information with others?
Except as noted above, our policy is to NOT share your information with other companies, government agencies (unless directed by law), or individuals or companies seeking to build lists for marketing purposes. We do not sell or “rent” our prospect or client lists with any other third party organization or person.
For Further Information
Please direct any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy to the Webmaster on this Site. All such comments and questions will be treated as confidential.