http://www.jamy.co.uk/index.php/privacy-policy
Home
|
Acrylic Awards
|
News
|
About Us
|
Testimonials
|
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail address of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual consumer and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing, and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
Terms of Use Statement
You understand and agree that the owners of this site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.
Share This Page:
Latest News What are “financial tMay 8, 2015Jamy creates plaque to markMay 5, 2015Secrecy and Security…November 3, 2014
Connect with us:
Testimonials
"We had a tight deadline to work to and everyone I dealt with at the organisation was a huge help. Our order was turned around in only one week and it arrived on time, safely and most importantly the finished product looked fantastic, thank you so much!"
Click here to read more testimonialsfrom our satisfied customers >>
Tweets by @Jamy1983
Latest News:
What are “financial tombstones”?Jamy creates plaque to mark
50th anniversary of the battle for Plaman Mapu SarawakSecrecy and Security….Can I order financial tombstones from outside the UK?Why is it good to use a UK supplier for financial tombstones?How quickly can financial tombstones be made?Why use JAMY for financial tombstones?What choices are there when designing financial tombstones?Is there a minimum order of financial tombstones?What sizes of financial tombstones are there available and can they be manufactured?
Categories:
acrylic awards
acrylic plaques
acrylic trophy
awards plaques
corporate trophy
custom trophy
financial tombstones
lucite® awards
lucite® tombstone
trophies and awards
trophies and plaques
Uncategorized
wooden plaques
Contact Us:Tel: 01480 456391
E-mail: sales@jamy.co.uk
Visit our office >>
© Jamy Ltd 2019 | Foxley F Building, Kington Park, Malmesbury Rd, Chippenham, Wilts, SN15 5PZ, UK
Web Design by Moving Up Media Ltd | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Terms
Registered in England and Wales, Reg No. 1677089. VAT No. GB 360 1286 79