https://www.artgroup.com/data-privacy-notice
Home
Artists
Subjects
Products
Trade
0116 284 3691
contact@artgroup.com
×
My Account
Returning Customers
Email
Password
Forgot password?
Trade Customers
Email
Password
Forgot password?
Trade accounts are for business to business customers only. Request a trade account by clicking here.
Data Privacy Notice
This is the Data Privacy Notice of Pyramid Posters Limited.
We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you about how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.
WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
What is the purpose of this privacy notice?
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter, place an order or submit an enquiry or artist submission.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data controller
Pyramid Posters Limited is the data controller and is responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Pyramid Posters Limited", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice). Our contact details are Pyramid International/The Art Group, Unit A, Bruce Way, Whetstone, Leicester, LE8 6HP, telephone 0116 284 3640. For all data matters please contact our data representative via email at data@pyramidinternational.com
Pyramid Posters Limited is the controller and responsible for this website and trades under the names Pyramid International and The Art Group.
Third-party links outside of our control
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes your first name and your last name;
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone number;
Profile Data includes your username and password, orders made by you, preferences and feedback;
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and products you have purchased from us;
Technical Data includes IP Address, Login data, browser type and version, location, operating system and platform and device type;
Usage Data includes how you use and how you came to visit our website;
Marketing and Communications Data includes your choices in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Directly. You may give us your identity, contact and financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Apply for our products or services;
Create an account on our website;
Subscribe to our service or publications;
Request marketing to be sent to you.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties [and public sources] as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a) Analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
(b) Search information providers based inside OR outside the EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services based inside OR outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Performance of Contract this means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interest this means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us via data@pyramidinternational.com
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation this means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third-party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us via email at data@pyramidinternational.com
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data:
to register and administer your account if you choose to register with us;
to process your order, including taking payments, supply products and any after sales services such as cancellations or returns and processing refunds;
to keep you updated on the progress of your order, usually via email but our delivery partners may need to contact you by telephone to assist with the delivery of your parcel;
to update you of any changes in terms or policies;
to ask you to leave a review for a product or service you have received;
to make suggestions and recommendations that may be of interest to you;
to analyse sales to help us improve our website and process royalty payments;
to use data analytics to improve our website, products and services, marketing and customer experiences;
to administer and protect our business and this website including troubleshooting, maintenance, support and security issues.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You may receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have opted in to receive that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Pyramid Posters Limited group of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by emailing us via data@pyramidinterantional.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product purchase or registering to use our website.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact our data representative via data@pyramidinternational.com
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
We may have to share your personal data within the Pyramid Posters Limited group and with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in section 4 above.
Payment acquiring services to process your payment and refunds, this may include credit reference and fraud prevention agencies for credit checking and identity verification;
Delivery and courier companies to supply your order;
Analytics and search engine providers to assist us with the improvement and optimisation of our website;
Website developers and hosting providers to help us maintain the software which allows us to run our website;
Professional advisers including lawyers, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services;
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities in the UK who request reports of processing activities under certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Many of our external third parties, such as Google, are based outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) and as such their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data outside of the EEA we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by using one of the following safeguards:
We may transfer your personal data to countries that have privacy laws which give the same level of protection for personal data as the EEA;
We may use contract clauses with recipients which mean they must protect your personal data with the same level of protection as it has in the EEA;
We may transfer personal data to organisations if they are part of the Privacy Shield framework which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between European countries and the US.
Please contact our data representative via email on data@pyramidinternational.com if you require further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data outside of the EEA.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting our data representative by email via data@pyramidinternational.com
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Unless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable (i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our data representative via data@pyramidinternational.com
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
This version was updated in May 2018.
Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please inform us of any changes via email to data@pyramidinternational.com or by updating your account details.
QUERIES, REQUESTS or CONCERNS
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance email our data representative via data@pyramidinternational.com.
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.