https://www.proacousticsusa.com/return-policy
CHECK OUT THESE END OF YEAR PROMOS (Nov 15 - Dec 31)FREE SHIPPING AND MORE!
Home
/
Returns and Exchanges
×
List Price
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Pro Acoustics is committed to offering you the best possible price. Sorry, but in order to stay in compliance with our manufacturer's "minimum advertised price”, we cannot always display pricing online.
Rest assured that you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price.
Please feel free to contact us with question at anytime: (888) 256-4112
Pro Acoustics is committed to offering you the best possible price. Sorry, but in order to stay in compliance with our manufacturer's "minimum advertised price”, we cannot always display pricing online.
Rest assured that you have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price.
Please feel free to contact us with question at anytime: (888) 256-4112
Returns & Exchanges
What if something is wrong with my order?
If there's a problem with your order, the first thing to do is call our Customer Care Team at (888) 256-4112 or email customercare@proacoustics.com. They will take care of you, no matter what. The only policy we have is we'll do whatever it takes to fix the problem and make you happy.
What if I receive a defective product?
If you believe you've received a defective product, contact your Sales Engineer, and they will help determine if the product is defective. If we determine the unit failed and is defective, we will cover shipping costs within the US to replace the unit for you. For items purchased marked as "used" (this includes all items under our clearance section) that fail and that hasn't been abused or misused, you may return these items within 90 days of purchase for a refund of the purchase price or an in-house credit minus the cost of shipping.
How to make a return
We want you to be completely happy with your purchase. If any new product, not marked as a special order, doesn’t satisfy your need, for any reason, you may return it for a refund of the purchase price or store credit, or you may exchange for another product within 30 days from the shipping date. If your purchase was eligible for free shipping, the shipping cost will be deducted from your credit or refund.
Sign in to your account and click My Orders.
Choose the order you would like to return.
Click Return and fill out the form.
You will receive an email confirmation once you submit your return request. We will process your return request within 24-48 hours of receiving your request.
Important things to note
To ensure your exchange or credit is processed as quickly as possible and to help you avoid a return adjustment, please follow the below checklist:
If you have redeemed a manufacturer rebate or promotion, your return will be subject to a restocking fee.
Please write the RA number on the shipping label and NOT on the product box itself.
Items MUST be returned in the condition they were received, including all accessories, documentation, and packaging materials. Otherwise, your return will be subject to a restocking fee or your return will NOT be accepted and will be sent back to you.
If your package was originally shipped double-boxed, please return the unit(s) double-boxed.
The product should be packed in the original product box with the UPC codes intact.
When repacking the product box, avoid using duct tape or other adhesives that can leave a residue.
Please use a shipping method that is trackable, such as FedEx or UPS.
Remember that if your order was shipped for free under our free shipping promo, the cost of outbound shipping will be deducted from your return credit.
We recommend that you insure your package when shipping back to us when purchasing your own shipping labels. Sometimes things get damaged en route, and if that happens, we want you to be covered.
Special order items
Items that are marked special order are non-returnable and non-refundable. However, we do want to make sure that your audio needs are satisfied. First, contact your Sales Engineer because your item may qualify for an exchange. They will work with you to determine if the item qualifies for exchange and to find the best solution for your needs.
Special order items include the following:
Items marked as Special Order
Custom system design components
Installed items not in new condition
Oversized or overweight items
Customized products
Clearance products
Microphones and accessories*
Megaphones and accessories*
Earbuds, headphones, and headsets*
*Due to health reasons, these items are non-returnable and non-refundable.
Newsletter
Sign Up For Latest Offers & Products at Pro Acoustics!
Go
Ordering
FAQ's
Installation Questions
International Ordering
Financing
Returns and Exchanges
Disclaimer
Copyright
Policies Terms & Privacy
Customer Service
Clearance
About Pro Acoustics
Contact Us
Contractor Program
Press Room
Our Customers
Our Blog
Our Brands
About Us
Meet The Team
Employment Opportunities
We Accept
Follow Us
Associations
Copyright © Pro Acoustics ® LLC - All Rights Reserved. - Terms and Conditions