http://www.historicaerials.com/terms
Forum
recent buzz... Added aerial photo coverage for all of Jim Wells County Texas a total area of 868 square...
Terms and ConditionsTerms and Conditions
(Effective Date: January 20, 2017)
When you choose to use Historic Aerials Website (*.historicaerials.com) ("Website"), you are agreeing to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (“Agreement”) between you and Nationwide Environmental Title Research, LLC ("NETRonline"). NETRonline may change, add or remove portions of this Agreement at any time, but if it does so, it will post such changes the Website. NETRonline may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Website at any time, including the availability of any Website feature or content. NETRonline may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Website without notice or liability.
Subscriptions
A Subscriber is a User who has purchased one of the offered subscription plans. Subscribers agree to all the terms and conditions in this agreement. Subscriber also agrees to automatic recurring billing based upon their selected plan, typically one month or six month billing intervals. Subscriber may cancel their subscription at any time with no penalty. Cancelling a subscription will stop all future automatic billing. Refunds are not granted for remaining time left until the current billing period expires. However, Subscriber may continue to use the full benefit of their subscription plan until the expiration date. A Subscriber may also change their subscription at any time. Credit for remaining time in current billing interval will be applied prorata to the new subscription plan. Subscriptions can be managed through the user dashboard and selecting the Subscription option.
Note for subscription plans that allow member users: In the event of subscription expiration, any sub users will be 'orphaned' from the account. These sub users will still be allowed to login and use their accounts as registered users using their existing credentials, but will not have access to subscription features.
Usage License
Users of the Website may be unregistered visitors, registered guests, or paying subscribers. Differing service and payment options are published on the Website or at the time a subscription is offered or renewed. Any terms and conditions applying to such subscriptions or other services are incorporated into this Agreement. Refer to the NETRonline Privacy Policy for more information on how the Company uses your private information.
Intellectual Property
All materials published on the Website (including, but not limited to the database, news articles, photographs, images, illustrations, GIS information, audio clips and video clips, also known as the "Content") are protected by copyright, and owned or controlled by NETRonline or the party credited as the provider of the Content. You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Service. You may not modify, publish, transmit, and/or participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduction, creation of new works from, distribution, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content of the Website in whole or in part. NETRonline may add or remove content and/or aerial imagery from the Website at any time.
Restrictions on Use
Website may not be used through any technology or means other than those provided, or through other explicitly authorized means NETRonline may designate. Copying, translating, modifying, or making derivative works of the Content or any part thereof is also prohibited. Users may not redistribute, sublicense, rent, publish, sell, assign, lease, market, transfer, or otherwise make the Content available to third parties. To reverse engineer, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract the source code of the website, unless this is expressly permitted or required by applicable law, is prohibited. Use of products in a manner that gives you or any other person access to mass downloads or bulk feeds of any Content, including but not limited to numerical latitude or longitude coordinates, imagery, and visible map data is also prohibited. Additional exclusions include: use the images or resell the images for use, in mobile or wireless devices, including but not limited to mobile telephones, handheld game consoles, and PDA’s. Use of the images in any way that could be considered defamatory, pornographic, libelous, immoral, obscene or fraudulent, or illegal, either by making physical changes to it, in the juxtaposition to accompanying text or images, or otherwise, is expressly prohibited.
Fees
There are no fees required of non-subscription users, unless purchasing an image for print or download. The fee is determined by the product table as published on the Website and is charged per purchase. NETRonline does not set any limits on the quantity of imagery purchased, and considers each purchase to be exclusive of all other purchases. NETRonline reserves the right to change the pricing table at any time, but will have no effect on prior transactions.
Refunds
Due to the nature of immediate delivery of watermark-free Historic aerial imagery, refunds are typically not granted. However, if purchased product is unsatisfactory for any reason, User may file contest within 30 days of purchase via email or postal service. Refunds will only be considered based on technical issues with the file at the sole discretion of NETRonline.
Force Majeure
Neither party will be liable for, or be considered to be in breach of or default under this Agreement on account of, any delay or failure to perform as required by this Agreement as a result of any cause or condition beyond its reasonable control, so long as that party uses all commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove the causes of non-performance.
Governing Law
This Agreement will be interpreted, construed, and enforced in all respects in accordance with the local laws of the State of Arizona, U.S.A., without reference to its choice of law. Each party hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal, state, and local courts in Maricopa County, Arizona in connection with any action arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
Waiver
The waiver by either party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement does not waive any other breach. The failure of any party to insist on strict performance of any covenant or obligation in accordance with this Agreement will not be a waiver of such party’s right to demand strict compliance in the future, nor will the same be construed as a novation of this Agreement.
Severability
If any part of this Agreement is found to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid, the remaining portions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. If any material limitation or restriction on the use of the NETRonline Services under this Agreement is found to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid, Subscriber’s right to use the NETRonline Services will immediately terminate.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold NETRonline, its affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, employees, directors, officers, successors, assigns, distributors and anyone else associated with NETRonline, harmless from, and against, any and all claims, liabilities, costs, damages, or expenses, (including attorneys’ fees) asserted against NETRonline arising out of your use of the images or in connection with any breach of any of the terms of this Agreement. You may elect to assume the handling, settlement or defense of any claim or litigation and shall reasonably cooperate in the defense of any claim. NETRonline shall have the right to participate in the litigation, at its own expense, through counsel of its choosing. You will not be liable for legal fees or other costs incurred prior to NETRonline giving notice of the claim for which indemnity is sought.
Legal Fees
You agree to reimburse NETRonline for its legal fees, costs and disbursements if NETRonline is successful in enforcing any of its rights under this Agreement including, without limitation, in connection with any action to collect payment.
Liability Disclaimer
The performance of the Website and all Content contained on, downloaded or accessed from this site are provided to you on an "As Is" basis, without warranties of any kind whatsoever, including any implied warranties or warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of the rights of third parties. The Company shall be not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer on-line systems, servers, Internet access providers, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof including any injury or damage to your or any other person's computer as a result of using this website. The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, disable access to or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of this website or any information contained thereon without liability or notice to you. As a visitor to our website, you acknowledge and agree that any reliance on or use by you of any information available on this website shall be entirely at your own risk. In no event shall NETRonline nor any of its data providers be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential or exemplary damages arising from the use or the performance of this website, even if NETRonline or such provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Website contains links to other related World Wide Web Internet sites and resources. Since The Company is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources, or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to the site administrator or webmaster of such site.
Modifications to this Agreement
NETRonline has the right, at its sole discretion, to modify this Agreement, as well as the Website and Content, at any time. Changes will be posted on the pertinent Website and/or sent via email, and by changing the date of last revision on this Agreement. If any portion of this Agreement or any change to the Website, Content or the Services is unacceptable to you or will cause you to no longer be in compliance with the Agreement, you may terminate usage of the Website at any time. Continued use of the Website now or following posted notices or changes to this Agreement means that you have accepted and agree to be bound by the changes.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our website or these Terms and Conditions, please contact us. Official correspondence must be sent via postal mail to:
NETRonline
ATTN: Website Terms and Conditions
2055 E. Rio Salado Pkwy, Suite 201
Tempe, Arizona 85281
Please wait while we prepare your image
It appears that you have exhausted your credits for this month. That's ok, we'll spot you a few until your monthly subscription turns over. To get more credits before then, you might want to consider bumping your subscription to the next level. Otherwise, just wait until when you'll receive a new allotment for the month. If you still aren't satisfied, we would be happy to discuss your situation. Just call us during business hours at (xxx) xxx-xxxx.
Unfortunately you have spent your quota of credits for the month. To get more credits before then, you might want to consider bumping your subscription to the next level. Otherwise, just wait until when you'll receive a new allotment for the month. If you still aren't satisfied, we would be happy to discuss your situation. Just call us during business hours at (480) 967-6752.
As a subscriber you are allocated a set number of credits each month. By downloading imagery you will use one or more of your monthly credits.  Topo downloads are included with your subscription and will not be subtracted from your credit allocation.  To continue, simply click Ok, otherwise click Cancel.
Don't display this again
Note
×
Close
Viewer Guide
×
We admit it, websites can be confusing. Especially sites as unique as Historic Aerials. If you haven't worked any mapping websites, operation might not be obvious to you. To help you scale this short (we hope) learning curve, we have compiled this list of common tasks. We also encourage you to explore. Move the mouse around and try clicking on things. Don't worry, you won't break anything.
Note that this is an interactive guide. You can keep it on the screen while you try our suggestions. To move this guide to the side of the screen, just click and drag the heading of the popup window to wherever you want it.
Let's get started!
Navigation
Chances are, you aren't interested in the area we present to you by default. If you chose not to block your location, the default area will be your current location, or more specifically, the location of your Internet provider. Otherwise, you will be dropped off in Tempe, Arizona where our headquarters is located.
To move the map, drag it by clicking and holding down the left mouse button (or only mouse button if on a Mac.) With the mouse button pressed over the map, move the mouse and the map will pan. Go ahead and try it now.
That's all well and good you say, but the world is a big place. Panning to Fargo, North Dakota from Yuma, Arizona might take awhile. There's an easier way... see that text box in the upper left of the viewer with the text 'geo coordinates or street address'? Click on that text box and type Fargo, North Dakota, then click the 'go' button to the right, or press the [Enter] key. Your map should now display with a center location in Fargo, North Dakota.
The text search box works for street addresses, cities, and even landmarks. Try searching for Mount Rushmore.
Zoom
On the upper left side of the viewer content area are the zoom controls, indicated by the plus (+) and minus (-) sign. To zoom in, click on the plus, to zoom out, click on the minus.
Aerials
Maps are used for orientation, and we don't deviate from their utility. However, you likely came here to view some historic aerial imagery, not to view maps, right?
To view the aerial view of the current map location, you need to select an aerial year to display. Click on the aerials button in the top left of the viewer. You should see a list of years pop out to the right. These are the years of aerial coverage that we currently have for the area indicated by center point of the map. To select a year, just click on the year you want to see. The current year will now display under the aerials button and within a couple seconds, the imagery for that year will replace the map.
To select another year, click on the aerials button again and select a different year. Note that you can pan around, or zoom like we did with the map.
Topographic Maps
Ready for this? You already know how to view topographic maps. That's right, it works just like the aerial selection. Just click on the topos button and select the year you wish to view.
Atlases
Like the aerials and topos selectors, the atlases will let you view additional historical representations of the viewing area. We have geo-referenced digitized versions of historic maps and property boundary documents. This is also where you can select the map layer if you so desire. Note that our atlas selection is rather scarce as we are currently working on this arduous task.
Compare
You may have noticed that only one 'layer' (whether that be an aerial, topo, or atlas) can be displayed at one time. To provide you with the ability to compare two different years (or layers,) you can use one of the compare utilities. To activate, click on the compare button.
You'll see four icons:
turn compare off
view specific area in circle
compare two layers side by side
set transparency between layers
Try clicking on the slider. Click on the compare button followed by the side-by-side option. On the right side of the screen a selector will appear similar to the left side. When you are comparing two layers, think right and left side.
The map is the default layer for both sides. Go ahead and select an aerial year on the right side that is different from the left. The slider on top of the viewing area allows you to move the demarcation line between the two layers.
To turn the compare tool off, click on the compare button on the left, and click on the X icon. Poof! The right layer and associated selectors disappear.
Overlays
Unfortunately, photography from the sky doesn't come with labels. In other words, counties, cities and roads are rarely obvious. To help you identify these man-made labels, we provide overlays. You have the option to view major roads, all roads, counties, and cities. Just click on the overlay button and select which overlays you want to view. To turn overlays off, click on the X icon at the top of the compare tools.
Measure Distance
Often times distance isn't obvious when you're looking at some particular layer. The measure tool lets you measure real distance between points, and even calculate the area of a polygon.
Click on the measure button on the left. A flyout dialog appears on the lower left of the viewer. Click on the icon left of the option to Create a new measurement. Further instruction will prompt you to add points on the layer by clicking. When you are finished adding points, click the finish option. Another dialog will appear with your measurement. You can leave the object on the screen or remove it by clicking on the delete option on the result dialog.
Like the other buttons on the left, clicking the measure button will toggle the measurement dialog on or off.
Ordering Digital Imagery and Prints
Looking at historical photos is certainly interesting, but what if you want a snapshot of an area unencumbered by watermarks? You can purchase imagery in the form of digital images (jpeg, png, or GeoTiff). Or you can purchase a printout of a selected area.
See that text at the top of your viewer area that reads, 'purchase image and/or print'? An arrow to the left of that text points to yet another button. If you have selected a layer other than 'map' you can click that button to make a selection within the viewable space.
After you click that button with the square, you'll see the center area of the viewer remain lighter while the outside area becomes darker. This lighter area is the selected area you want to purchase. To change the size of the selected square, click and drag on one of the four corner handles indicated by a small white square.
After you have positioned the viewer and selected the area you want, click on the 'Purchase Selection button now displayed at the top of the viewer. If you are a registered user, your selection will be added to your shopping cart where you can select your purchase options.
Did you get a 'Guest Order' page? That's because you aren't logged in as a registered user. That's okay, we'll save your work and direct you to the registration page. Registration is easy, and free!
What's next?
Hopefully you're feeling like a pro by now, effortlessly navigating our historic aerial imagery from coast to coast. As you continue using Historic Aerials we hope that confidence grows. Our only advice is to try stuff. By now hopefully you've discovered that action buttons have hints by just hovering your mouse over it. You may also notice advantages of a mouse wheel in changing the zoom level. These, along with other tips will become apparent as you use our product. When in doubt, give it a click, and see what happens!
Close