https://www.smartcellsusa.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
SATECH, Inc. gathers personal information on this site for the purpose of contacting parties who express interest in products and/or services advertised on the website, as well as performing other marketing functions applicable to the company. SATECH, Inc. does not share personal information with third-parties unless clearly mentioned in or next to the applicable contact form.
When purchase, billing, and/or shipping information is involved, SATECH, Inc. does not provide personally identifiable information to any third party unless explicitly mentioned in the applicable contact form or during the purchase process.
METHOD OF DATA COLLECTION
Google Analytics is enabled on this site, which means certain statistics will be gathered about your visit in order for us to better understand our users’ experience. These statistics will be used to more adequately serve visitors to this site, and will not be supplied to any third party for marketing purposes other than to provide the products or services clearly mentioned on this website.
INFORMATION PRIVACY
We do not store information we collect about your visit to this site for uses other than to analyze content performance through the use of cookies. You can disable the use of cookies at anytime by modifying your internet browser’s settings. No other personal information is stored except where expressly permitted by you in the event that you submit part or all of a contact form or contact us or one of our affiliates via phone, email, fax, or any other communication medium regarding the products and/or services advertised on this site. Any contact initiated by you, using one of the methods previously mentioned, will be interpreted as you consenting to personal contact between you and a representative of this site or the concerned affiliate.
*Blog comments are viewable by any and all website visitors.
*This privacy policy is subject to change without notice.