https://www.sri.org.au/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy
Home/Privacy
Privacyadmin2016-11-18T11:20:56+10:00
Disclaimer
This website has been prepared solely for the purpose or providing information about Sugar Research Limited, trading as Sugar Research Institute (SRI). The information on this website has been compiled in good faith by SRI and is general in nature.
However, no representation is made as to the completeness or accuracy of the information it contains. In particular, you should be aware that this information may be incomplete, may contain errors or may have become out of date. SRI reserves the right to add, modify or delete any information on this website at any time.
This website and any references to products or services are provided ‘as is’ without any warranty or implied term of any kind. Subject to any terms implied by law and which cannot be excluded, SRI accepts no responsibility for any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred by you as a result of any error, omission or misrepresentation in this publication. SRI recommends that you contact its staff before acting on any information contained in this website.
Certain links in this website have been provided by SRI merely as a service to its visitors and clients. The links connect to other websites maintained by third parties over whom SRI has no control. SRI makes no representations as to the accuracy or any other aspect of information contained in other websites. Furthermore, the links provided should not imply any form of relationship between SRI and another organisation or individual.
Privacy Policy
SRI respects your privacy. We are bound by the National Privacy Principles as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act).
Personal information
Personal information includes any information about you that identifies you or from which your identity can reasonably be determined. We collect personal information when we deal with clients, prospects or others with whom we have business dealings. We also collect personal information when a client or business partner requires us to collect information on their behalf. We take reasonable steps to ensure you are aware when and why we are collecting your personal information.
We usually collect personal information such as contact details and, where relevant, job title or areas of expertise. We may include your personal information, including information and opinions about you, in our records. We may use your information to communicate with you and to enhance and develop our relationship with you. We may also use your information for other purposes, as permitted by law.
SRI may disclose your information to service providers, agents, contractors and strategic partners from time to time to help us carry out our functions in a more streamlined and efficient manner.
You may request access to any of the personal information we hold about you. Please contact our Company Secretary to seek access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning your information privacy. We may deny your request in some circumstances, however, if we do this we will tell you why.
You can contact our Company Secretary by email at info@sri.org.au.
Security
We use physical and electronic security measures to keep personal information secure from misuse, loss or unauthorised use or disclosure. However, except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorised access to, or unauthorised use of, your personal information.
Website
You are not required to provide us with any personal information when visiting our website.
The Internet is not a secure environment. If you send us information, including your email address, it is sent at your own risk.
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for SRI.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personal information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personal information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
SRI
Go to Top