https://www.birdrocktropicals.com/refunds-and-cancellations-policy/
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
Bird Rock Tropicals Return, Refund or Cancellation Policy
Updated June 25, 2020
**UPDATE** The US Postal Service has been experiencing frequent and repeated delays with Priority Mail Service due to COVID-19. Please be aware shipments can take up to 3 weeks to arrive. Therefore, live arrival is NOT guaranteed if Priority Mail is selected. USPS website states that Priority Mail Express is not being delayed, please contact us to upgrade to this service.
PLEASE READ ALL INFORMATION THOROUGHLY, BEFORE CONTACTING US
Our plants are easy to ship and rarely have any issues during the shipping process.  Minor broken leaves during transit (can easily be trimmed) may be expected as the handling of packages after they leave our facility is beyond our control. Each order is packed with care to protect and prevent any such damage. We will only accept returns, refunds and cancellations under these guidelines:
Please notify us within 24 hours of receiving your plants/products if there are any issues, e.g., damage, broken plants.  Take a picture of the box and damaged product and email it to us at info@birdrocktropicals.com as we will need this to file a claim with the USPS. Please save any damaged UPS box, as it will need to be inspected by a UPS representative.
UPS/ USPS/FedEx Claims:
A photo of the damaged item
A photo showing the damaged merchandise, inside the original box, with all of the original packing material (picture should show the placement of the merchandise and packaging inside the box)
A photo of the packaging material used inside the box (e.g. bubble wrap, newspaper, etc.)
A close-up photo of the shipping label with tracking number
A close-up photo of the box manufacturer’s certificate (BMC), if available. The BMC is a round stamp that details either the bursting strength of the box or the edge crush rating of the box. The BMC is generally found on a bottom flap on the outside of a corrugated cardboard box.
Two photos displaying all six sides of the package (One photo should display the top and two sides. The second photo should display the bottom and the opposite sides.)
Dimensions of the box, including the package height, length, and width, usually listed on the bottom of the box.
Damage or loss, are only covered up to $50. Carriers will not insure plants.
Refunds for Damage caused by carrier:
Once a claim for USPS, UPS or Fedex has been paid, your account will be credited with store credit to your account. Your store credit can be used on future orders and will not expire.
Refunds, returns or missing plants:
We have a 100% satisfaction guarantee for all plants that are shipped. If you are not happy with your order for any reason, contact us within 72 hours. Please send an email along with photos of your plant to info@birdrocktropicals.com. We will send you instructions for returning your plant.
All plant returns will be credited for the value of the plant at the time of purchase, once we receive the return.
Since 1981 we have shipped thousands of boxes of plants without any problems. Even on the rare occasion where USPS has misplaced the shipment for up to three weeks, the plants were fine.
Plants are more susceptible to damage in extreme heat or cold. Therefore, we are able to HOLD your order until such time as temperatures are not extreme. No refund will be approved for plants that are frozen or damaged from extreme heat. During the winter months we encourage domestic orders to include a heat pack with your order.
Guidelines to mitigate the chance of loss:
Please add one or more heat packs if your plants will be traveling through freezing weather.
Someone must be able to receive the plants when they are delivered. If they are left outside on a porch on in a lock box in freezing weather they will not survive. There is only so much a heat pack can do.
If you cannot be available to receive the plants when they will be delivered please email us at info@birdrocktropicals.com to ask us to have your package held for pickup at your local post office.
We suggest using express service if is freezing cold. This is a next day service in most locations and will dramatically reduce the risk of the plants freezing to death.
Alternatively, wait a few days until the extreme weather has passed.
Cancellations:
Cancellations are subject to a 20% restocking fee once the order has been pulled. If the order has not been processed there will be no fee for cancellation.
Tax and Fees refund for California wholesale buyers.  If you are a wholesaler, please create an account and allow time for us to approve the account before you order.  If you already have an account, please log in before you order or you will be charged tax and fees.  If you don’t have an approved account, or forget to log in, your tax and fees will be only be returned to you in the form of store credit associated to your account.
Subscribe to our newsletter!
yourname@email.com
search_icon
Home
Shop
dropdown_arrow
Blogdropdown_arrow
Blog
Blog
Eco-Tours
About Usdropdown_arrow
About Us
About Us
Order Information
Shipping
Author Profiledropdown_arrow
Author Profile
Author Profile
Contact Us
Resources & Links
Terms
Refunds and Cancellations Policy
Privacy Policy
Latest News
Shop
Gifts & Accessories
SALE
TGIF
Tillandsiadropdown_arrow
Tillandsia
All Tillandsia
Tillandsia Species
Tillandsia hybrids
Fragrant Species
Bromeliadsdropdown_arrow
Bromeliads
All Bromeliads
Aechmea
Billbergia
Neoregelia
Mini Neos
Racinaea
Misc. Genera
account
Account
wishlist
Wishlist
cart
Shopping bag
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Save items to your wish list
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*