https://www.mauriprosailing.com/sails/privacy-policy.html
Account
Contact Us
Cart
×
Cruising and Racing Sails
Privacy Policy
Your Personal Information Personal Information is primarily gathered from an order form where customers request information, products and services. Personal Information that is collected by MAURIPRO Sails is used to bill the user for products and services, and to ship those products. Personal Information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions in those mailings.
MAURIPRO Sails does not sell, rent or provide your Personal Information to third parties. Personal Information is generally kept for MAURIPRO Sails business which is primarily used to assist you in your current or future purchases or tracking orders. Cookies and IP Addresses An IP Address is a convention of the Internet Protocol that identifies your "virtual" address on the internet. All devices connected to a network have an IP Address permitting communication to and from that device. If you connect to the Internet from your computer, then you have an IP Address that looks something like this: 211.169.15.157. In the simplest possible terms, your IP Address contains no data that identifies you as a person. It is only a logical address allowing you to connect to others and others to locate your computer. MAURIPRO Sails collects, uses, and monetizes IP Addresses. This IP Address is not personal to you and does not identify any of your Personal Information. We use an IP Address for a number of uses as set forth herein. We use an IP Address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. The IP Address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart while processing your order. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. You can reject cookies and still use the MAURIPRO Sails site, however, it will disable the ability for the site to recognize your cart, your account and any personalization efforts. External Links This site contains links to other MAURIPRO websites and stores. Online Security Shopping at MAURIPRO Sails is absolutely 100% secure. We use the latest encryption technology. SSL Certificates from Geotrust Our sites are secured using SSL Certification from GeoTrust with True Site Seal. This provides unsurpassed browser and server recognition, as well as airtight access protection and fraud prevention. The most secure encryption technology for your protection. Geotrust patented "Smart Seal" technology resides in our web pages identifying out site as genuine, authentic and validated by an independent third party. You can click on the Tru Site seal (at the bottom of the page) and the server automatically performs a domain look-up to verify that you are visiting a legitimate site. The result? The highest level of online security 24x7.
Copyright © 2020 MAURIPRO Sailing LLC.
×
We use cookies to help provide you with the best possible online experience. By continuing to browse the site
you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More Information Agree
×