http://www.wintech-group.co.uk/information/privacy-policy/
Home
Wintech
Information
+44 (0)1902 307430
Home
Façade EngineeringIntroduction
Structural Analysis
Thermal Analysis
Environmental Compliance Analysis
Façade ConsultancyIntroduction
Façade Concept Development
Façade Specification
Façade Procurement
Design Audit
Site Monitoring
Condition & Acquisition Surveys
Defect & Failure Investigation
Dispute Resolution & Litigation Assistance
Façade Fire Safety
Façade DesignIntroduction
System Design
Façade Detail Design
Complex Geometry
Parametric Modelling
BIM
3D Printing
Scientific & AnalyticalIntroduction
Glazing Surveys
Vapour Transmission & Dew Point Analysis
Blast Risk Analysis
Façade Blast Analysis
Seismic Activity
Corrosion Science
Adaptive Façade Performance
Fractography
Mathematical Modelling
Wind EngineeringIntroduction
Pedestrian Comfort Studies
Wind Tunnel Testing
CFD Analysis
InformationAbout
News
Project Gallery
Project Awards
Media Coverage
Certifications & Useful Links
Privacy Policy
Covid-19 Risk Assessment
ContactAll Offices Information
Contact Form
Careers
Subscribe
Technical Data Book
Privacy Statement
In this policy, Wintech (otherwise referred to in this statement as “the Company”, “we” or “us”) illustrate our strong commitment to privacy and demonstrate the policies and practices that we have implemented to protect your personal information.
Who are we?
Wintech Limited are part of the Wintech Group of Companies and is registered in England No. 2430998
What personal data is collected and what do we use your information for?
When you contact us with an enquiry, whether that is through our website contact form, email, telephone or face-to-face, we log certain details of you as an individual representing your company. These will include your name, title, email address, company name, direct dial and mobile number.
We will use this collected personal data in order for you to receive a suitable response and to provide information on services requested on a lawful basis.
To perform a contract with you
To take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
To decide whether to enter into a contract
To manage and perform the contract
To ensure our records remain relevant
Our legitimate interest
For good governance, accounting, managing and auditing our business operations
For market research, analysis and developing statistics
To send you marketing communications with your consent
Legal obligation
When you exercise your rights under data protection law and make requests
For compliance with legal, regulatory requirements and related disclosures
For establishment and defence of legal rights
For activities relating to the prevention, detection and investigation of crime
To verify your identity, engage in fraud prevention and anti-money laundering checks
Your consent
When you request we disclose your personal data to other people or organisations
When we process any special categories of personal data at your request
To send you marketing communications where we have asked for your consent to do so
Marketing
The Subscribe form on our website asks for your name, company and email address; this information is only used in the sending out of our eshots consensually.
The Technical Data Book Request Form requires your consent to receive Wintech’s eshots in return for us mailing out the free publication. This requires your name, company, email address and postal address. Your postal address is only used to send the free Technical Data Book to and your email address is only used to send our eshots to.
You are free to unsubscribe from our eshots at any time via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. If you do this, we will not send any unsolicited mail to your registered email address.
We do not and will never share personal client information with third parties.
Data retention period
We will retain your data from the enquiry stage as long as necessary to deal with your query and as long as you might raise a claim thereafter, based on our legal and regulatory requirements.
Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right of rectification
The right of erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
Should you wish to exercise any of  your rights under the GDPR, please contact our Data Protection Coordinator using the Contact Form on this website. If you would like further information about data protection you can visit the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at ico.org.uk. The ICO is the UK’s independent authority set up to uphold information rights in the public interest and data privacy for individuals. We comply with all ICO regulatory and statutory requirements. You have the right to make a complaint to the ICO regarding the handling of your data.
Fraud prevention and money laundering checks
We may use your personal details in order to conduct identity checks as required by law as a measure to prevent money laundering. The personal data we have collected from you at application or any stage may be shared with fraud prevention agencies. We are required by law to review transactions and report any which may be suspected of being related to money laundering activities.
Security
We implement appropriate technical and organisational safeguards to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing of personal data and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to personal data. Please be advised, however, that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of Personal Data.
Personal Data Breach
In the event of a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data, including breaches that are the result of both accidental and deliberate causes, we will notify the Information Commissioner’s Office of the breach within 72 hours from its discovery. We will also contact individuals where the breach is likely to result in a high risk to the rights and freedoms of those individuals.
Cookies
The Wintech website sets “first party” cookies through its use of Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to provide us with non-personal site analytics, which in turn help us improve this website. Google Analytics tracking uses cookies in order to provide meaningful reports about web site visitors’ but they do not collect personal data about you. Google Analytics sets or updates cookies only to collect data required for the reports. You may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.
External Links
Our site contains links to outside sites which are provided as useful information sources for our visitors, for example in our news posts to add additional depth. We endeavour to provide only relevant and credible links but we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites  that you interact with.
Photography
Any images we use on the site are obtained through the consent of clients, bought legally through stock websites or are Wintech’s own.
Subscribe
Share
Search
Info
Explore
Previous Section
Next Section
More
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email*NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Share…
Search…
+44 (0)1902 307430
enquiries@wintech-group.com
Wintech Group Offices
Contact Form
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience.
By continuing to use the website you accept their use.
Please click here to read our Privacy Policy.
Accept & Continue