http://www.amrita.net/privacy-policy
Menu ShopClearanceExpertiseSell Amrita OilsAboutBlogBrowse By Conditions Settings Currency USD - US Dollar EUR - Euro
Search
Amrita® Specials
Seasonal Discounts
Clearance Items
Bundles & Kits
Essential Oils
Single Notes
Synergy Blends
Sample Packs
Special Therapeutic Formulas
Roll-On Relief
Tri-Essence™ Power Blends
Skin Care
Skin Care
Facial Toners
Facial Cremes
Facial Serums
Facial Masks
Body Care
Body Oils
Carrier Oils
Organic Deodorants
Organic Hydrosols
Books & Diffusers
Books
Aromatherapy Diffusers
Miscellaneous
Organic Perfumes
Organic Bugs BeGone
Aromatherapy Basics
Essential Oils for Beginners
What are Essential Oils?
What is Aromatherapy?
History of Aromatherapy
Aromatherapy Glossary
How to use Essential Oils
How to Apply Essential Oils
How to Blend
Blend This with This
Safety Precautions
Essential Oil Uses Chart
Organic For You
Organic Essential Oils
Why is Organic Important?
What to Look for
What to Avoid
Expertise
Contact Us
Ask Dr. Streicher
GC Reports (Coming Soon)
Amrita Philosophy
Standards
Amrita's Purity Standards
Amrita In-House Lab
Referrals
Become An Affiliate
Wholesale Essential Oils
Private Labeling
Contact Us
A
Acne
ADD/ADHD
Addictions
Aging Skin
Allergies
Alzheimer's Disease
Anxiety
Arrhythmia
Arthritis
Asthma
Athlete's Foot
Autism
B
Babies
Bad Breath
Bites
Blood Pressure (high)
Blood Pressure (low)
Broken Bones
Bronchitis
Bruises
Burns
Bursitis
C
Cancer
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
Cat Health Issues
Cellulite
Childbirth & Breastfeeding
Children
Circulation Issues
Cold, Cough & Flu Symptoms
Cuts
D
Dandruff
Depression
Dermatitis
Dry Skin
E
Earaches
Emotions
Energy (a lack of)
Eczema
F - G
Fasciitis, Plantar
Feet, Cracked Heels
Foot Odor
Tired Feet
Fever
Fibromyalgia
Flatulence (Gas)
Focusing Issues
Fungal Infections
Gout
H - L
Hair Growth / Hair Loss
Hangover
Hayfever
Headaches
Hemorrhoids
Head Lice
Immune Deficiencies
Inflammation
Insomnia
Jet Lag
Laryngitis
M - O
Menopause
Menstrual Pain
Migraines
Mobility
Muscle, Cramps
Muscle Soreness & Tension
Nail Fungal Infections
Nausea
Nursing Mothers
Obesity & Weight Loss
P - Q
Pain
Period Pain
Perspiration (Excessive)
Plantar Fasciitis (Jogger's Heel)
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
Pre Menstrual Syndrome PMS / PMT
Preganancy
Psoriasis
R - S
Runner's Knee
Scars
Sexual Problems
Sinus Infections
Skin - Irritations & Inflammations
Sleep Problems
Snoring
Stretch Marks
Sunburn
Sweating (Excessively)
T - Z
Tendinitis (Tennis Elbow)
Throat (Sore)
Tiredness & Fatigue
Tonsillitis
Varicose Veins
Vertigo
Vomiting
Weight Loss Issues
Women's Wellness
Wounds
Wrinkles
See More Conditions
Your Privacy And Security At Amrita Aromatherapy, we are committed to ensuring our customers a secure, private, and enjoyable online shopping experience. Any customer information you provide to us will not be shared with any third party. We do not rent, sell or give out our clients' information. Your trust and satisfaction are of the utmost importance to us.
How do I know my information is safe?
The only time you will be asked for personal information is during checkout. During the checkout process (while on the "checkout" tab) you will be on our secure server - which is housed in an highly secure datacenter. The only time it is safe to give your credit card or personal information online is when you are on a secure page and dealing with a trustworthy company.
How can I tell that the webpage I am on is secure?
When you are on secure webpage, you will notice in the bottom right corner of your browser, a "gold lock" or a "gold key" icon. You will also notice that the URL you are on no longer starts with http:// but now starts with https:// - the "s" stands for secure. Both of these factors indicate that you are on a secure page. Amrita Aromatherapy uses 128-bit SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Any information that is transmitted to us is encrypted so that no one can read it as it travels across the internet.
What if I still feel uncomfortable giving my credit card information online?
You can order directly by phone by calling us at 1.800.410.9651.
If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please email us at info@amrita.net. A member of our team will respond to you within 24 hours.
Google & Bing Ads
1. Acknowledgment and Acceptance of Terms
Amrita.net is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with www.amrita.net. By accessing www.amrita.net, you acknowledge and fully understand our Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
2. Participating Clients, Merchant Policies, and Third Party Websites
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including all other websites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Amrita.net is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of third-party or client websites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
3. Information We Collect and How We Use It
Amrita.net collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies. When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage for the purpose of serving our visitors and customers better.
This website uses Google Ads’ free conversion tracking features on certain pages. If you contact us online, the destination page will have code on it that will help us understand the path you took to arrive on that page.
DoubleClick: We use Google Ads remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages or take specific actions on a website. This allows us to provide targeted advertising in the future. If you do not wish to receive this type of advertising from us in the future you can opt out using the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Microsoft Advertising: This website uses Microsoft’s free tracking features on its webpages. If you contact us online, the destination page will have code on it that will help us understand the path you took to arrive on that page.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your requests for services.To protect ourselves from liability.To use in marketing and advertising.To respond to legal process or comply with law, or in connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
4. Changes to This Statement
Amrita.net has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
5. Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us.
Amrita® Aromatherapy
About Us
Contact Us
Meet Our Founder
Our Story
Why Organic?
Job Opportunities
Shop
My Account
Wholesale Essential Oils
Affiliate Program
Referral Program
Herba Aromatic
Site Map
Expertise
Ask Dr. Streicher
Essential Oil Guide
How to Use Essential Oils
Books
Our Purity Standards
Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Medical Disclosures
Returns Policy
Disclaimer: The statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the FDA (U.S. Food & Drug Administration). Our products are not intended to diagnose, cure, or prevent any disease. If a condition persists, please contact your physician or health care provider.© 2020 Amrita® Aromatherapy
(800) 410-9651