https://www.prismaticpowders.com/policies
{{ notificationBar[0].message }}
{{ notificationBar[0].message }}
X
Order Today: 1-866-774-7628
Shop
Color Match
Gallery
Find Applicator
Resources
Contact Us
My Account
Log Out
Log In
Back to Main Menu
Colors
Creations
Swatch Sets
Kits
Gear / Apparel
Equipment
Back to Main Menu
Coverage Calculator
Knowledge Base
Videos
Documents
Back to Main Menu
My Page
My Account
Order History
Product Wishlist
Favorite Resources
Bookmarked Gallery
Log Out
{{ me.name.display_name }} Account #: {{ me.customer_id }}
Home
Policies
Policies
Prismatic Powders Privacy Policy
A Division of NIC Industries, INC.
Effective as of April 11, 2019
Introduction
About this Policy
How do we collect your personal data?
What personal data do we collect from you?
What do we use your personal data for?
Sharing your personal data
Data retention and deletion
Keeping your personal data safe
Cookies
How to Contact Us
Introduction
Thanks for choosing Prismatic Powders!
At Prismatic Powders, we want to give you the best possible experience to ensure that you enjoy our service today, tomorrow, and in the future. To do this we need to understand your browsing habits, so we can deliver an exceptional and
personalized service specifically for you. That said, your privacy and the security of your personal data is, and will always be, enormously important to us. So, we want to transparently explain how and why we gather, store, share and use your
personal data - as well as outline the controls and choices you have around when and how you choose to share your personal data.
That is our objective, and this Privacy Policy ("Policy") will explain exactly what we mean in further detail below.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies. You are
free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
About this Policy
This Policy sets out the essential details relating to your personal data relationship with Prismatic Powders. The Policy applies to all Prismatic Powders services and any associated services (referred to as the "Prismatic Powders Service"). The
terms governing your use of the Prismatic Powders Service are defined in our
Terms and Conditions of Use
(the "Terms and Conditions").
From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. If the introduction of these new or additional services results in any change to the way we collect or process your personal data we will provide you with more information and
additional terms or policies. Unless stated otherwise when we introduce these new or additional services, they will be subject to this Policy.
The aim of this Policy is to:
Ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and use it, and who we share it with;
Explain the way we use the personal data that you share with us to give you a great experience when you are using the Prismatic Powders Service; and
Explain your rights and choices in relation to the personal data we collect and process about you and how we will protect your privacy.
We hope this helps you to understand our privacy commitments to you. For further clarification of the terms used in this Policy please use the information, found below, on how to contact us. Alternatively, if you do not agree with the content of
this Policy, then please remember it is your choice whether you want to use the Prismatic Powders Service.
How do we collect your personal data?
We collect your personal data in the following ways:
When you sign up for the Prismatic Powders Service
- when you sign up to the Prismatic Powders Service, we collect certain personal data so you can use the Prismatic Powders Service such as your name, email, phone, address, and country.
Through your use of the Prismatic Powders Service
- when you use the Prismatic Powders Service, we collect personal data about your use of the Prismatic Powders Service, such as what products, projects and other items you favorite.
Personal data collected that enables us to provide you with additional features/functionality
- from time to time, you also may provide us with additional personal data that enable you to purchase products, upload projects, and list your business. You always will have the option to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time.
From third parties
- we will receive personal data about you and your activity from third parties, including advertisers and partners we work with to provide you with the Prismatic Powders Service (please see section 6,
Sharing your personal data,
below). We will use this personal data either where you have provided your consent to the third party or to Prismatic Powders to that data sharing taking place or where Prismatic Powders has a legitimate interest to use the personal data to provide
you with the Prismatic Powders Service.
We use anonymized and aggregated information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, creating marketing and promotion models, improving the Prismatic Powders Service, and developing new features and functionality
within the Prismatic Powders Service.
What personal data do we collect from you?
We have set out in the tables below the categories of personal data we collect and use about you:
Personal data collected when you sign up for the Prismatic Powders Service
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Account Registration Data
This is the personal data that is provided by you or collected by us to enable you to sign up for and use the Prismatic Powders Service. This includes your phone, email, address, postal code, and country.
Some of the personal data we will ask you to provide is required to create your account. You also have the option to provide us with some additional personal data to make your account more personalized.
The exact personal data we will collect depends on the type of Prismatic Powders Service you sign up for and whether or not you use a Third Party Service (as defined in the
Terms and Conditions of Use, such as Facebook) to sign up and use the Prismatic Powders Service. If you use a Third Party Service to create an account, we will receive personal data via that Third Party Service but only when you have
consented to that Third Party Service sharing your personal data with us.
Personal data collected through your use of the Prismatic Powders Service
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Prismatic Powders Service Usage Data
This is the personal data that is collected about you when you are using the Prismatic Powders Service - this may include:
Information about your type of Prismatic Powders account.
Information about your interactions with the Prismatic Powders Service which includes the date and time of any requests you make and your interactions with other Prismatic Powders elements.
Technical Data which may include URL information, cookie data, your IP address, the types of devices you are using to access or connect to the Prismatic Powders Service, unique device IDs, device attributes, network connection type (e.g. WiFi,
3G, LTE, Bluetooth) and provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, information enabling digital rights management, operating system, and Prismatic Powders application version. Further details about the technical data that is
processed by us can be found in our
Cookies Policy.
Personal data collected with your permission that enables us to provide you with additional features/functionality
Categories of personal data
Description of category
Payment Data
We may collect such personal data when you make purchases through the Prismatic Powders Service. The exact personal data collected will vary depending on the payment method but will include information such as:
Name;
Credit or debit card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number;
Postal code;
Mobile phone number; and
Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data
This personal data is used to allow you to sign up and participate in these types of promotions. The exact personal data collected will vary depending on the promotion.
Marketing Data
This personal data is used to enable Prismatic Powders and our partners / service providers to send you marketing communications either:
Via email;
Whilst using the Prismatic Powders Service; and/or
Direct from the third party.
What do we use your personal data for?
When you use or interact with the Prismatic Powders Service, we use a variety of technologies to process the personal data we collect about you for various reasons. We have set out in the table below the reasons why we process your personal data,
the associated legal bases we rely upon to legally permit us to process your personal data, and the categories of personal data (identified in Section 4,
What personal data do we collect from you?) used for these purposes:
Description of why Prismatic Powders processes your personal data ('processing purpose')
Legal Basis for the processing purpose
Categories of personal data used by Prismatic Powders for the processing purpose
To provide, personalize, and improve your experience with the Prismatic Powders Service and other services and products provided by Prismatic Powders, for example by providing customized, personalized, or localized content, recommendations,
features, and advertising on or outside of the Prismatic Powders Service (including for third party products and services).
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Account Registration Data
Service Usage Data
To understand how you access and use the Prismatic Powders Service to ensure technical functionality of the Prismatic Powders Service, develop new products and services, and analyze your use of the Prismatic Powders Service, including your
interaction with applications, advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Prismatic Powders Service.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Account Registration Data
Service Usage Data
To communicate with you for Prismatic Powders Service-related purposes.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Account Registration Data
Service Usage Data
To process your payment to prevent or detect fraud including fraudulent payments and fraudulent use of the Prismatic Powders Service.
Performance of a Contract
Compliance with legal obligations
Legitimate Interest
Payment Data
To communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for:
marketing,
research,
participation in contests, surveys and sweepstakes,
promotional purposes,
via emails, notifications, or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us (e.g., through your Account Settings page).
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Contests, Surveys and Sweepstakes Data
Marketing Data
To provide you with features, information, advertising, or other content which is based on your specific location.
Consent
Voluntary Mobile Data
Sharing your personal data
We have set out the categories of recipients of the personal data collected or generated through your use of the Prismatic Powders Service.
Publicly available information
The following personal data will ONLY be publicly available on the Prismatic Powders Service if you upload any gallery projects and/or are an approved applicator: your business name, profile picture, address, phone, website, and any connected
social media profile links.
Categories of Recipients
Reason for sharing
Third Party Applications you connect to your Prismatic Powders Account
If you connect your Prismatic Powders account to a Third Party Application, such as, for example, social media, Prismatic Powders may share your Service Usage Data so you can connect to your Prismatic Powders account.
Third Party Applications you use to log into Prismatic Powders
If you log into a Third Party Application using your Prismatic Powders account credentials, then that Third Party Application may have access to certain Service Usage Data such as your saved content and activity.
You will receive a notification before connecting to the Third Party Application to let you know what personal data will be shared / accessible to that Third Party Application.
Support and Knowledgebase Community
When you register for a Prismatic Powders Support Account on the Prismatic Powders Support Community, we will ask you to create a specific Prismatic Powders Support Community username. This will be publicly displayed to anyone who accesses the
Prismatic Powders Support Community along with any questions or comments you post.
Information we may share
Categories of Recipients
Reason for sharing
Service Providers and Others
We use technical service providers which may operate the technical infrastructure that we need to provide the Prismatic Powders Service, in particular providers which host, store, manage, and maintain the Prismatic Powders application, its
content and the data we process.
We use technical service providers to help us communicate with you, as described in
this section.
We use marketing and advertising partners to show you more tailored content, or to help us understand your use of the Prismatic Powders Service, to provide you with a better service. We also may share personal data with certain marketing and
advertising partners to send you promotional communications about Prismatic Powders.
Prismatic Powders Partners
If you access the Prismatic Powders Service through an offer that you received or purchased from a third party such as your mobile network operator, we share personal data with that third party about your use of the Prismatic Powders Service,
such as whether and to what extent you have used the offer, activated a Prismatic Powders account, or actively used the Prismatic Powders Service.
Depending on how you sign up for the Prismatic Powders Service (e.g. through a third party service or a mobile provider), we share your Prismatic Powders username or other Account Registration Data as necessary to enable your account.
Other Prismatic Powders Group Companies
We will share your personal data with other Prismatic Powders Group companies to carry out our daily business operations and to enable us to maintain and provide the Prismatic Powders Service to you.
Law Enforcement and Data Protection Authorities
We will share your personal data when we in good faith believe it is necessary for us to do so to comply with a legal obligation under applicable law, or respond to valid legal process, such as a search warrant, a court order, or a subpoena.
We also will also share your personal data where we in good faith believe that it is necessary for the purpose of our own, or a third party's legitimate interest relating to national security, law enforcement, litigation, criminal investigation,
protecting the safety of any person, or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm, provided that we deem that such interest is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms requiring the protection of your personal data.
Data retention and deletion
We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Prismatic Powders Service and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as maintaining the performance of the Prismatic Powders Service, making data-driven
business decisions about new features and offerings, complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes. We keep some of your personal data for as long as you are a user of the Prismatic Powders Service. For example, order history, and
account information.
If you request, we will delete or anonymize your personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless, we are legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data, including situations such as the following:
If there is an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit on your account or an unresolved claim or dispute we will retain the necessary personal data until the issue is resolved;
Where we are required to retain the personal data for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations, we will retain the necessary personal data for the period required by applicable law; and/or,
Where necessary for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain the security of our users.
Keeping your personal data safe
We are committed to protecting our users' personal data. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data; however, please note that no system is ever completely secure. We have
implemented various policies including pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems.
Your password protects your user account, so we encourage you to use a unique and strong password, limit access to your computer and browser, and log out after having used the Prismatic Powders Service.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using Prismatic Powderss' website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Prismatic Powderss' privacy policy.
Most of the modern-day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of
our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these policies, please call us at 866-774-7628 or send us an email at
info@prismaticpowders.com.
Prismatic Powders is located at:
7050 Sixth Street White City
97503 - Oregon, United States
×
Sign up
Finish Account Creation
Congratulations, your account has been created.
Visit your page!
x
Added To Cart
{{ itemJustAddedToCart.product.name }}
Some powders may require either a base coat or a top coat or have other
special instructions. Please read each product description carefully to
ensure you are ordering what you need.
Amount:
{{ pricePerUnit }}
/unit
Quantity:
{{ data.quantity.value }}
{{ data.quantity.unit }}
{{ itemJustAddedToCart.product.data.name }} is temporarily out of stock
Swatches are powder coated aluminum panels for accuracy. If your order contains an "Out of Stock"
swatch, we will create that swatch for you, then ship your entire swatch order. This can take up to
two weeks.If all swatches are IN STOCK it will ship in 1-3 business days via UPS overnight.
Items are Added to Your Cart
Subtotal {{ cart.total.formatted }}
View Cart ( {{ totalCartItems }} )
Continue Shopping
We noticed you have Cookies disabled.
You will have limited website functionality and not be able to place orders.
Please enable cookies to experience the full potential of Prismatic Powders.