http://www.hipjobs.net/privacy/
Home
Employers
Candidates
About
Contact
HIPjobsServing the Healthcare Industry, HIM Providers & Clinicians since 1999Director
HIM Manager
EMR
Coding
Auditing
Cancer Registrar
Compliance
Consultant
Education & Instructor
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyTweet
Privacy Policy
HIPjobs.net has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: HIPjobs.net.
Hipjobs.net’s Resume database is searchable by anyone. To assure confidentiality; names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, emplpoyers, and identifying histories are not included. The candidate’s confidential information will only be released after their permission has been given to us and only to the extent they deem necessary to have contact with the possible employer.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and e-mail address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the employer for services.
This site contains links to other sites. HIPjobs.net is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. When you place a job listing online, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet. Although we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information, SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred. When we receive your order, it is kept encrypted until we’re ready to process it.
Cookies
To enhance your experience at HIPjobs.net, we use a feature on your Internet browser called a “cookie”. Cookies are small files that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies for remembering user names and passwords and preferences, tracking click streams, and for load balancing. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalized site experience. You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our site.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send e-mail to info@hipjobs.net.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. To do so, simply log into your account, and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact info@hipjobs.net
More Jobs
6095- ASSISTANT HEALTH SERVICES AGENCY DIRECTOR6094- MEDICAL DIRECTOR – HEALTH SERVICES CLINICS6093- FT/PT Remote Medical Coders for MLT Coding – Work from Home Office6092- Remote Inpatient Coders -6091- Remote Facility IP OP Coders – Excellent Benefits
Follow Us
iPad EMR LinkedIn Group
Follow @HIPjobs
LIKE us on facebook
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020 HIPJobs.net - Privacy - Terms