http://www.laborie.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyData Protection Information for the Processing of Personal Data(‘Data Privacy Statement’)LABORIE WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENTYour privacy is important to us. With this Data Privacy Statement we inform you about the processing of personal data in connection with the use of the Laborie website as well as about your existing data protection rights. 1. General InformationRegarding the processing of your personal data for this website controller according to Art. 4 No. 7 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as "GDPR") isMedical Measurement Systems BVColosseum 257521 PV EnschedeThe NetherlandsTel: +31 53 4803700Fax: +31 53 4803701info@laborie.comMedical Measurement Systems BV (hereinafter: “MMS”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is a member of the Laborie Group (hereinafter: "Laborie") and European Headquarter of Laborie. Further information on Laborie can be found under the "About Us“ section of this website. You can contact our Data Protection Officer by e-mail to privacycompliance@laborie.com or by mail to the above postal address of our European Headquarters in the Netherlands, using the reference "Data Protection Officer".2. Types of Data ProcessedWhile visiting our Laborie website personal data is processed. Personal data are all information relating to you personally or which can be assigned to you. All personal data on this website will be processed in compliance with GDPR and all other relevant laws. The personal data processed on this website can be divided into the following categories:2.1 Access DataAccess data are information that is necessary to enable the use of our webpages and online services.This includes in particular: Browser type and browser version,Used operating system,Internet Service Provider,IP address of the requesting device,Date and time of the server request,Website from which our website is accessed (referrer URL),Websites that are accessed by your system through our website.2.2 Master DataMaster data are information about you that is required to identify you and, if necessary, to contact you. This includes the following information: Name and surname,Date of birth,Address,E-mail address,Phone number,Zip code.2.3 Log dataLog data are information that is used to record certain actions on our websites. Log data is collected to ensure the security and integrity of the website and to document and assign certain actions for reasons of legal security. This includes: Date and time of an operation,IP address of the device used to perform a specific action.2.4 Health DataHealth data is personal data relating to physical or mental health, including the provision of health services that contains information about your state of health. This may include information about you:Medical treatments,The aids used,Pre-existing conditions,Diagnoses,Dietary requirements,Hospital stays,The attending physicians3. Data Processing when Using the Website3.1 Visiting the WebsiteWhen you access the website access data is automatically sent from your browser to the server of our website without your intervention. This is necessary to ensure a smooth connection of the website as well as a comfortable use of the website and to ensure and optimize the system’s security and stability. This information is stored for the duration of the session in a cookie on your device and temporarily in a so-called log file in our systems, whereby the IP address on our server is alienated so that an assignment of the website visitor is no longer possible. A further processing of this access data does not take place.The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, whereby our legitimate interest arises from the aforementioned purposes.If access data (anonymized) is stored on our server, the data is usually deleted after four (4) weeks, or at the latest, after six (6) weeks.3.2 General Contact Requests via the WebsiteFor general contact enquiries we offer you the possibility to contact us via a form provided on the website,an e-mail provided on the website ora telephone number provided on the website.When using the contact form, it is necessary to provide a valid e-mail address and first and last name so that we know who sent the request and we can answer it. For the assignment of your inquiry to one of our contact persons in your area, the specification of your address is necessary. We also collect this information from you when you contact us by e-mail or telephone. If we collect your e-mail address when you contact us by e-mail or telephone, we will also use it to send you our data protection information.Data processing for the purpose of establishing contact by means of a contact form is carried out on the basis of a legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR; our legitimate interest lies in answering and processing your enquiry, for which the storage of data is necessary. If we are in a contractual relationship with you, or if the contact serves to initiate a contractual relationship, the processing shall also take place on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR. If you submit information also on your health (health data) lawful basis for the processing of this data for the only purposes of addressing your request is a consent given by you in accordance with Art. 6 para. lit. a GDPR. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us using the contact details listed in section 1 of this Data Privacy Statement.Personal data that we collect from you in connection with a contact request will be deleted as soon as your request has been finally processed. As far as a business initiation or a contractual relationship results from your contact enquiry, this information is usually stored until the contractual relationship has been settled and there are no storage periods to the contrary.3.3 Education Course RegistrationYou may register for our education and training courses through our website by using our education registration form. Through this form we collect your master data (name, surname, job title, organization, e-mail address, address, phone number) necessary to process your registration. You may leave us a comment regarding your registration. We use your person only to enable course registration and to conduct the courses. Additionally, we request you for information on any dietary requirements in order to ensure consideration of any such needs and health safety for you during our courses. This information may contain information on your health status. We may share your personal data (name, job title, organization, city, country and course information) with our internal training and education team as well as course directors if necessary. Lawful basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR if we are in a contractual relationship with you or if the processing serves to initiate a contractual relationship. Beyond such relationship, we process your data on the basis of a legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest lies in providing our course upon your request. If you provide us with information on your health status, especially regarding dietary requirements, lawful basis is your explicit consent in the sense of Art. 9 para. 1 GDPR by clicking the provided checkbox. You may withdraw your consent at any time (see our contact details, section 1). Please note: if you do not wish to give your consent, we may not process any data relating to your health including information on dietary requirements.3.4 Cookies3.4.1 Characteristics and Functionality of CookiesOur websites and sub-sites use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in your internet browser or by the internet browser on your computer system when you use the website. When you access a website, a cookie can be stored on your operating system. This cookie contains a string of characters that enables the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is recalled.3.4.2 Categories of CookiesWe use the following categories of cookies:Necessary cookies enable the use of a website. They enable basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. Without these cookies the website will not work properly.Statistic cookies help website owners understand how visitors interact with websites by anonymously collecting and reporting information.3.4.3 Cookies in UseWe use the following cookies:Required CookiesName of the cookiepurpose of usestorage periodType of cookiesurbma-gpgaPrevents the cookie banner from being displayed again.30 daysHTTP CookieStatistic CookiesName of the cookiepurpose of usestorage periodType of cookie_gaThis cookie is used as part of Google Analytics to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.2 YearsHTTP Cookie_gidUsed by Google Analytics to distinguish users.24 hoursHTTP Cookie_gatUsed by Google Analytics to throttle the request rate — limiting the collection of data on the website.1 minuteHTTP Cookie3.4.4 Purposes of Data Processing with Cookies3.4.4.1 Functionality of the WebsiteThe purpose of data processing by means of necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for users. Some functions of our Internet pages cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized after a page change. The user data collected by necessary cookies is not used to create user profiles.Lawful basis for such processing is a legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 6 lit. f GDPR.3.4.4.2 Google AnalyticsOur web pages use the web analysis service Google Analytics. Provider of the service is Google Ireland Ltd. Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4, Ireland Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001 In the following: "Google". Google Analytics uses cookies (see definition in section 3.3.1) to help the website analyze how users use the site if you have initially consented to the use of statistic cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website is generally transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, if IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google in advance within the Member States of the European Union or in other Contracting States to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to and truncated by Google on servers in the United States. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services to website operators relating to website activity and internet usage.The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google.Our websites use Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()". This means that IP addresses are shortened for further processing and that it is not possible to identify you personally. If the data collected about you is related to a person, this is therefore excluded immediately and the personal data is deleted immediately.We use Google Analytics to analyze and regularly improve the use of our websites. The statistics obtained allow us to improve our services and make them more interesting for you as a user. For the exceptional cases in which personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, see https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.Further information about Google Analytics:Terms of use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.htmlNotes on Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.htmlPrivacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.Lawful basis for the processing of personal data in the context of the use of Google Analytics is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR given by you accepting the cookie settings when accessing our website. You have the  right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us using the contact details listed in section 1 of this Data Privacy Statement.4. Storage periodInsofar as no explicit storage period is specified in this Data Privacy Statement, personal data will be stored for as long as is necessary for the specified purposes or the fulfilment of our legal obligations.In all other respects, the storage period shall be governed by the legal retention periods, for example according to commercial and tax law. At the latest, after expiry of these periods, the data stored and retained by us will be deleted, unless further storage is necessary in exceptional cases.5. TLS encryptionFor security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as data within contact requests, our websites use TLS encryption. The establishment of transport encryption is a recognized standard in the network, above all to prevent unauthorized persons from accessing personal data. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line. If TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. 6. Right to ObjectYou may object to the processing of your data on grounds relating to your particular situation, insofar as we process them for our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In the event of objection, we shall refrain from any further processing of your data unless it is necessary for overriding, compelling or legitimate reasons or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims. If you wish to exercise your right of objection, please contact us or our Data Protection officer. The contact details can be found under section 1 of this Data Privacy Statement.7. Rights of the Data SubjectIn addition, you have the right to obtain information about your personal data processed by us at any time under the conditions of Art. 15 GDPR. In particular, you may request information about the purposes of the processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the envisaged storage period, the existence of a right of rectification, deletion, limitation of the processing or opposition to the existence of a right of appeal, the origin of your data if it has not been collected from us, as well as the existence of an automated decision making process including profiling and, if applicable, meaningful information on its details.Within the scope of your right to information, you may request a copy of your personal data. Data copies are generally made available in electronic form, unless you have indicated otherwise. The first copy is free of charge for you, for further copies a reasonable fee may be charged. The provision shall be subject to the rights and freedoms of other persons who may be affected by the transmission of the data copy.Under the conditions of Art. 16 GDPR, you may immediately request the correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us.In addition, under the conditions of Art. 17 GDPR, you may, in principle, request the deletion of your personal data stored by us, insofar as the processing is not necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfilment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.Pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, you may also demand that the processing of your personal data be restricted if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data stored by us or if you have objected to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR. In this case, we have to limit processing of your data for the duration of the examination of your request. You can also demand the restriction if the processing is unlawful but you refuse to delete it or if not we but you need your data stored with us to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.Under the conditions of Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or, as far as technically feasible, to request the transfer directly to another responsible person. This right to data transfer exists only if the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR and is carried out by automated means. The restrictions of Art. 20 para. 3 and 4 GDPR must be taken into account.If we process data on the basis of a consent given by you, you are also entitled to withdraw your consent at any time in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR. This also applies to declarations of consent issued to us before the GDPR came into force, i.e. before 25 May 2018. Your withdrawal means that we will not continue the data processing, which until then was based on this consent, for the future.Please contact our Data Protection Officer regarding your data protection rights. The contact details can be found under section 1 of this Data Privacy Statement.8. Right of AppealIf you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data by us violates the provisions of data protection law, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your habitual residence, workplace or place of presumed infringement, pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR.9. Further QueriesShould you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data by us and the associated rights as well as other data protection notices and suggestions, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at any time in confidence. You will find the contact details of our Data Protection Officer under section 1 of this Data Privacy Statement. All inquiries to our Data Protection Officer will of course be treated strictly confidential.Status: August 2019
Contact Us