http://www.universalbackground.com/website-privacy-policy-statement/
Home
Website Privacy Policy Statement
Website Privacy Policy StatementThis is the public website of Universal Background Screening. This privacy policy applies only to the public area of this website, and does not apply to our customer information, or the information related to applicants or consumers in terms of employment screening reports. Please refer to our Consumer Information Privacy Policy for additional information.
Our mailing address is Post Office Box 5920, Scottsdale, AZ 85261.
We can be reached via e-mail at info@universalbackground.com or you can reach us by telephone at 602-337-3060, or fax to 602-337-3065.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the visitor’s IP Address. We may collect the IP Address, aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit, visitor-specific information on what pages visitors access or visit, and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site, and not shared with other organizations.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number.
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
With respect to security, we use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving confidential or financial visitor data exchanged with our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the address, phone or fax numbers listed above.
About UsOverview
Why Universal?
Technology
Careers
Media Information
News
Partners
Contact Us
Cart
No products in the cart.