http://www.leebio.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy PolicyI. INTRODUCTIONLee Biosolutions
respects your privacy.
This Online
Privacy Policy (or “Privacy Policy”) describes how Lee Biosolutions, Inc. (also
referred to as “Lee Biosolutions,” “we” or “us”) collects, uses and shares
personal information.
Our collection,
use and sharing of personal information, is further subject to the Terms of Use
for this website located at www.leebio.com/legal.php.Please read this Privacy
Policy carefully.
By accessing or using
this website, you consent to our collection, use, and sharing of personal
information as described in this Privacy Policy.II. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE PERSONAL INFORMATIONPersonal
Information You Volunteer.
We collect any personal information that you
provide while visiting or using this website.
This may include your name, mailing address, email address, phone
number, and other contact information, and any other personal information that
you submit when placing an order, filling out a form, requesting that we
contact you, responding to a survey or questionnaire, or otherwise posting or submitting
content on the website.
We use this
personal information for the purposes made apparent at the time of collection,
as well as to communicate with you, provide you with our products and services,
monitor and improve the quality of our services, and as otherwise required or
permitted under applicable law.
We also
may use and disclose this information in de-identified form for any of the
foregoing reasons or for other business or marketing purposes.Automatic
Collection of Information.
Certain types of information may be collected
automatically when you visit and use the website.
For instance, we may collect the URL of the
Internet site from which you linked to the website; the type of browser you are
using; time and date stamp information; and information regarding your visit to
the website.
We do not treat this
non-personally identifiable information as personal information unless it is
combined with your name or other
information that personally identifies you.Cookies.
Like many Internet sites, this
website may use session-based or persistent “cookies” or other technologies to
automatically gather some information about you, and to offer a personalized
experience when using this website.
We
use these technologies to enhance and facilitate use of this website.
Some areas of this website may require
cookies, and cannot be used without enabling cookies.
If you are concerned about cookies stored on
your computer, we encourage you to follow your web browser’s guidance for
deleting cookies after completing a browsing session. However, if your browser
is set to refuse cookies, the website may not work through your web browser.III. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATIONService Providers.
We may share personal information collected
through this website with companies that perform services on our behalf,
including companies that provide website development, hosting, payment
processing and billing services.Affiliates and Business Partners.
We may
share personal information collected through this website with our affiliated
entities and our strategic business partners.
These companies and organizations may use the information to contact you
regarding information, products, or services that may be of interest, to
improve our products, services, support activities, and promotions that
increase the awareness of products and services, or as otherwise required or
permitted under applicable law. Law Enforcement and Protection.We may disclose your personal information when we believe
disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or respond to a court order or
subpoena; to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity
theft; or to protect the rights, property or safety of ourselves or others.
We reserve the right to report to appropriate
law enforcement, governmental authorities and other third parties any
activities that we, in good faith, believe to be harmful or unlawful, with or
without providing notice to you.Business Transfers.
All personal
information and other content submitted by you through this website is treated
as a business asset, and may be transferred by us in connection with a
sale or transfer of our business or assets, including as the result of a merger,
acquisition, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation.IV. PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THIRD PARTIESThis
website may contain links to Internet or mobile sites not owned or operated by
us, including to sites featuring companies, products, services or news that may
be of interest or to pages that we maintain on YouTube, Facebook, Twitter or other
social media sites.
You should
review the privacy and other policies of other Internet and mobile site
providers carefully, as these policies may be different than the policies of
this website.
We assume no
responsibility or liability for any third party Internet or mobile site
operator’s privacy practices.V. CHILDRENThis
website is intended for and directed to adults.
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA),
we do not knowingly permit submission of personally identifiable information by
anyone under 13 years of age.
If you are
under the age of 13, please do not provide us with any personally identifiable
information.VI. ON-LINE SECURITYWe strive
to implement reasonable measures to protect against the loss, misuse or
alteration of any sensitive non-public personal information under our
control.
However, please bear in mind
that no website, database, or data transmission over the Internet is totally
secure.
As a result, we cannot promise
or guarantee the security of any personal information you provide on or through
this website.VII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe
reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, including
without limitation as necessary to reflect new or unanticipated uses of
personal information not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Any such amendments shall be effective when
posted by us on this website or otherwise made available to you.
Your access to or use of this website after
we have amended this Privacy Policy shall signify your acceptance of the
amended terms.VIII. REMOVING PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou may request that we delete any personal
information that we may have collected about you from our systems by contacting
us directly at info@leebio.com. CONTACTING USIf you
have questions about this Privacy Policy or have any other questions or
comments concerning this website, please contact us by email at info@leebio.com.Last Updated: April 9th, 2014
Lee Biosolutions, Inc
10850 Metro Court
Maryland Heights, MO USA 63043
Phone: (314).968.1091
Fax: (314).968.9851
Email: Email us
Orders & Accounts
My Account
Ordering
Shipping Information
Our Company
Certifications & Licenses
Community Outreach
Management Team
Career Centers
Video Gallery
Photo Gallery
News
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Sign In
Cart
Products
Antigens / Enzymes
antigens
enzymes
proteins
standards / Controls
conjugates
Antibodies
monoclonal
polyclonal
antisera
Biologicals
human (blood-derived)
human (other)
animal (blood-derived)
Biochemicals
chemicals
buffers / Diluents
Company
Compliance
Quality | Regulatory
Careers
Current Openings
History
About Us
Business Information
History
Management Team
Photo Gallery
World Headquarters
Solutions
Capabilities
Small to Large-Scale Antigen Manufacturing
GMP Manufacturing
Assay Development & Validation
Products
Antigens & Enzymes
Antibodies & Antisera
Biochemicals
Human Biologicals
Services
Custom Diagnostic and GMP-grade Manufacturing
Product & assay development
Process Transfer, Validation & Optimization
Analytical testing & technical support
Prospective biological collections
Applications
Manufacturing
Cell Culture
Clinical Chemistry
Research
Other
Forensics
Order
How to Order
Email: order@leebio.com
Fax: 866-371-5222
Phone: 314-968-1091
How to Place an Order
Distributors
Contact Us
Product Availability
Technical Support
Bulk Quote Request
Frequent Requests
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Certificate of Analysis
OEM Manufacturing
Customer Satisfaction Survey