http://www.cba-blocks.org.uk/privacy-policy
Helpline: 0116 232 5165
|
info@britishprecast.org
Members Area
At CBA Blocks  we’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you complete the contact form or engage with other forms within our site.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.
Website recording
Like many other websites, we use cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, see our full ‘use of cookies’ policy below. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Use of ‘cookies’
Main Cookies used on our site
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site.
The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited
For more information on Google Analytic’s privacy policy visit here – http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Google Maps
These are Google Maps third party cookies, which are unique identifiers to allow traffic analysis to Google Maps.
How is your information used?
We may use your information to:
Contact you regarding queries raised in the contact form;
Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;
Seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
Notify you of changes to our services;
Send you communications which you have requested and that may be of interest to you.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third party service providers, agents subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process donations and send you mailings).
However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the company for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime.
Your choices
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about our exciting products and services, then you can select your choices by ticking the relevant boxes situated on the form on which we collect your information.
We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted.
[You can change your marketing preferences at any time by completing the opt out form here: https://www.cba-blocks.org.uk/2018/05/11/opt-out-form/ or by contacting us by email at info@britishprecast.org  or by writing to CBA Blocks, The Old Rectory, Main Street, Glenfield,
Leicester, LE3 8DG. Alternatively, you can telephone0116 232 5165.
How you can access and update your information
The accuracy of your information is important to us. You have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you so that you can ensure its accuracy. You can do this by the following methods:
Send an email to the administrator here and request the information held about you atinfo@britishprecast.org  or by writing to CBA Blocks, The Old Rectory, Main Street, Glenfield, Leicester, LE3 8DG. Alternatively, you can telephone0116 232 5165.
Right to erasure
Visitors / users of the site should have the ability to have all records of their personal data held by a business where there is no legitimate reason for that business to maintain that reason. This includes where GDPR is super-ceded by other laws governing the details obtained.
You can do this by the following methods:
Send an email to the administrator here and request the information held about you is erased at info@britishprecast.org  or by writing to CBA Blocks, The Old Rectory, Main Street, Glenfield, Leicester, LE3 8DG. Alternatively, you can telephone0116 232 5165.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected with the following software 128 Bit encryption on SSL. When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear on the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Review of this Policy
We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated in May 2018.