https://www.farnell.com/careers/policies/
Farnell | Policies
About Farnell
About us
Farnell EMEA
Newark
element14
Where we operate
Our heritage
Products and expertise
Careers
Vacancies
Policies
Our transactional sites
Media centre
Preparation for Brexit
Global coronavirus outbreak
Policies
Farnell Gender Pay Report
From April 2018 employers with 250 or more employees are required to publish their gender pay gap (GPG) and gender bonus gap each year. Farnell is committed to diversity and inclusion and as such we welcome this opportunity to identify our areas for development in creating a gender-balanced workforce. Please read our Gender Pay Gap report here
Farnell is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Farnell is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability status, veteran status, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.
We provide reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities to ensure that they have an equal opportunity to apply and be considered for a position.
Employee Polygraph Protection Act (US)
The Employee Polygraph Protection Act prohibits most private employers from using lie detector tests either for pre-employment screening or during the course of employment. Read more here
Employee Rights under the Family and Medical Leave Act (US)
Equal Employment Opportunity (US)
Statement against Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking
Farnell, as part of Avnet, is committed to conducting business ethically and upholding basic human rights in all its operations. The company prohibits and does not tolerate the use of human trafficking, modern slavery or child labour in its operations or supply chain and has taken steps to help ensure the same. To read more about this please click
here
Click Here to find our more about working for Farnell.
Click Here to view our latest vacancies.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
A message to California employees,
Data privacy and security regulation is growing rapidly around the world, including in the United States. As of January 1, 2020, Avnet is required to comply with the newly adopted California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). CCPA establishes regulations regarding personal information that companies keep on an individual, whether by employment or through a consumer exchange. In relation to your employment, Avnet may keep the following categories of data on record:
Identifiers, Personal information categories listed in the California Consumer Records statute, Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, and/or Professional or employment-related information
Examples: Avnet will use personal information “in relation to your employment,” such as real name, postal address, email address, social security number, state identification card number, education, age, race, citizenship, veteran status, current or past job history, performance evaluations, bank account number, health insurance information, etc., to comply with legal requirements, process payroll, as well as manage business operations, employee benefits, and employee performance.
Be assured that Avnet does not sell the personal information of its employees. Also, keep in mind that this area of law is continuing to change and we will update you as necessary.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Access
Cookies
Accessibility
Disclaimer
An Avnet Company
© 2019 Premier Farnell Limited. All Rights Reserved.Farnell is a trading name of Premier Farnell Limited.Registered number: 876412 | Registered office: Farnell House, Forge Lane, Leeds, LS12 2NE , England.