http://www.percept.com.au/privacy-policy/
Percept is committedto your personal privacy.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
THIS WEBSITE
This page outlines the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use for percept.com.au, a website owned by Jenkins Holdings (Aust) Pty Limited trading as Percept (ABN 65 082 542 292).Percept is a design agency committed to providing industry standard customer service and operates within the bounds of the Privacy Act 1988 (Crh) and its principles concerning the privacy of individuals.
AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF USE
You may use this website on the condition that you agree to these terms of use.By accessing this site, you signify that you have read, understand, agree to and are bound by these terms.We may modify these terms from time to time and your ongoing use of the site, means that you accept those changes.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
For each visitor to reach the site, we collect the following information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the site, page access times and referring website address.This collected information is used internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalised content to you while you are on this site.Other personal information may be gathered using opt-in methods for situations such as newsletter subscriptions, employment or project enquiries. In these cases, you would be volunteering your information for that particular purpose and we’ll only retain the information that you willingly provide. This information will only be used by Percept and potentially our sub-contractors if necessary for the subject that you have inferred interest in.If at anytime you would like for us to remove your information from our records, simply contact us with your request and we will take care of it for you.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed on this page. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will update this privacy policy.
INBOUND LINKS
Percept generally encourages and agrees to linking to our home page with a text link from your website or a site that you manage. If there is a relevant connection between the two sites, this will not require our written consent.
OWNERSHIP AND LICENSE
The content on this website is owned or licensed by Percept and is protected by the Copyright Act 1968 (Ctc) as well as Australian and International Copyright Laws. It also contains imagery and trademarks which are owned by third parties that have been included with their consent.No material from this site may be reproduced or adapted in any way without specific written consent from Percept and the rightful owner of the intellectual property.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The website owner does not guarantee that the site is free from viruses or that access will be uninterrupted.Any outbound links on this site are in no way related to, or endorsed by Percept and we take no responsibility whatsoever for those websites.We give no warranties about the accuracy or security of the content of this site or the services provided by the owner. All information provided is believed to be a guideline for the user to make their own assessments.In no event shall the website owner be liable for any damages or loss of income as a result of this website.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any concerns, requests or feedback, you are encouraged to contact us directly:PERCEPT – Brand DesignPO Box 189Cronulla NSW 2230Australia+61 2 9544 3200info@percept.com.au
WorkBrandingPackagingCommunicationDigitalAboutWhoWhatHowWhyResultsContactEnquiryCareersConnect