http://www.cuttingedgeinfo.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyLaura2020-04-10T14:59:52-04:00
PRIVACY POLICYPrivacy Policy on Our Website
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address, of visitors to our website, the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and information volunteered by the user, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual visitor, to notify users about updates to our website, by us to contact users for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website.
We sometimes use cookies to store visitors’ preferences.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by filling out our contact form or by calling (919) 403-6583.
Privacy When Talking to Us
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may from time to time receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by filling out our contact form or by calling (919) 403-6583.
Ad Server Companies
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Future Use
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the privacy policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check back at our website periodically.
Upon Request
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which users made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, and communications that the visitor has directed to our site (e.g., emails, customer inquiries).
Consumers can access this information by filling out our contact form, calling (919) 403-6583 or by writing to us at 68 TW Alexander Drive, Box 13628, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709.
Upon request, we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, and communications that the visitor has directed to the site.
You can have this information corrected by sending us an email at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated privacy policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
For more information about how companies manage privacy policy, visit the FTC’s official guide.