https://www.newgate.uk.com/terms-and-policies/general-statement-of-intent/
Home  /  Terms and Policies  /  General Statement of IntentGeneral Statement of Intent1 Introduction
It is the policy of Newgate (Newark) Limited to undertake operations and service in such a manner as to ensure “as far as is practicable”, the Health, Safety and Welfare of its employees and all persons likely to be affected by its operations including the general public where appropriate.  It is our policy to co-operate where necessary with Employers, Contractors, and Customers in order to pursue our Health & Safety policy of prevention of injury and ill health. The company is committed to ongoing monitoring and review processes, so that continual improvement in the management of health and safety can be achieved.
Our general intentions are:
To provide adequate control of the Health and Safety risks to employees and others arising from our work activities;
To consult with our employees on matters affecting their Health & Safety;
To provide and maintain safe plant and equipment;
To ensure safe handling and use of substances;
To provide adequate information, instruction, training and supervision for employees;
To prevent accidents and cases of work related ill health;
To maintain safe and healthy working conditions;
To review and revise this policy at regular intervals.
To ensure that Health and Safety is never to be compromised for other objectives
2 Scope
Design, manufacture, Supply, installation, service and maintenance of traffic barriers and gates and supply of spares parts.
3 Our employees
Employees are not to undertake duties which will expose them or others to a risk to their Health & Safety. The Company is committed to providing the necessary information, instruction, supervision and/or training to allow staff to undertake their duties in the interest of Health & Safety. Employees have a duty to take all reasonable steps to preserve and protect the Health and Safety of themselves and all other people affected by their acts and omissions and the operations of the Company. All Employees are expected to co-operate with the nominated Safety Officer and to accept their duties under this policy. Disciplinary action may be taken against any employee who violates safety rules or who fails to perform his or her duties under this policy. If we are to build and maintain a healthy and safe working environment, co-operation between workers at all levels is essential.
Employees also have the duty to co-operate with management to enable it to carry out its responsibilities with regard to Health, Safety and Welfare. The Company looks to every employee for continuous awareness of safety requirements, alerting us to existing and potential hazards, and the need for minimising and reporting them.
4 Communication
The Company will endeavour to communicate to employees their commitment to safety and to ensure that employees are familiar with the contents of the company Health and Safety Policy. The Company communicates with its employees and contractors orally, in the form of directions and statements from supervisors, in writing in the form of directives, this policy statement and by example. This policy will also provide a framework for setting and reviewing objectives.
5 Responsibility
The Company recognises their responsibility for the continuing implementation of and enhancement of the policy. Allocation of responsibilities within these procedures is defined herewith and these definitions include the limits of authority imposed on each individual. Where areas of responsibility are defined, those responsible are to ensure that employees are familiar with the work in hand, know the systems of work and understand any permit to work condition. Users of work equipment should inspect their equipment daily before use and portable equipment is to be inspected periodically as required by statute law.
6 Continuous improvement
We shall develop a framework for continual improvement by conducting regular audits, to ensure progress and management commitment. We shall take into account the latest technical development, scientific understanding, customer and client needs and community expectations. We shall ensure that all arrangements for occupational health & safety objectives policy statements are reviewed at IMS management review (Section 5.6) meetings to reflect suitability and the principles of the strategy for corporate responsibility.
7 Consultation
It is the Company policy to encourage consultation on all matters and occupational health & safety is taken as being a standing item on the agenda at all management meetings. The management see communication between workers at all levels as an essential part of effective health and safety management. Consultation will be facilitated by means of Safety Meetings as often as deemed necessary. The purpose of Safety Meetings is to provide a forum in which information may be conveyed and employee’s questions on health and safety issues answered. In addition these meetings will provide an opportunity to assess the continuing effectiveness of the policy.
8 Compliance
We shall ensure that all our activities meet regulations and legislation on a national and local level. Where no regulations exist, we will endeavour to set our own appropriate standards. We will also provide appropriate information if requested to interested parties.
9 Competency
In order to ensure that all our occupational health & safety complies with the current legislation and meets our obligations with regards to competency, where necessary in order to keep up to date we employ an Experienced Health & Safety Manager.
Related LinksTerms and Conditions of Sale
Terms and Conditions of Installation
General Statement of Intent
Health & Safety Signage
Gate Safety
Unsafe and Poorly Maintained Gates
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Corruption and Bribery Policy
Equal Opportunities Policy
Contact Us
Please leave this field empty.
-- Enquiry Type --General EnquirySalesService
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Our ProductsSecurity BarriersSecurity GatesTurnstilesDrive UnitsRoad BlockersAccess Control SystemsAccessoriesCan't find what you're looking for?
Our team can design and build truly unique products, tailored to your exact specifications. If you have a specialist requirement, please contact the team at Newgate today.
Contact the TeamMenuHomepage
Contact Us
Barriers
Barriers Overview
Rising Arm Barriers
Automatic Rising Arm Barriers
Manual Rising Arm Barriers
Rising Arm Bridge Barriers
Height Restriction Barriers
Manual Swing Arm Barriers
Smart Parking Barrier
Gates
Gates Overview
Swing Gates
Automatic Swing Gates
Manual Swing Gates
Bi-folding Swing Gates
Sliding Security Gates
Manual Sliding Gates
Automatic Sliding Gates
Pedestrian Gates
Manual Pedestrian Gates
Semi Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Fully Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Road Blockers
Turnstiles
Turnstiles Overview
Single Rotor Turnstiles
Twin Rotor Turnstiles
Tripod Turnstiles
Drive Units
Drive Units Overview
Drive Units for Swing Gates
Drive Units for Sliding Gates
Access Control Systems
Accessories
About Us
Our Profile
Our Team
Job Vacancies
Accreditations
Credit Account Application
Insurance Details
Distributors Wanted
Guarantees & Warranties
Maintenance
Product Servicing
Product Repairs
Product Maintenance
Request an Engineer
Custom Security Solutions
Custom Barrier Design
Custom Gate Design
Specialist Market Sectors
Airports
Caravan and Holiday Parks
Car Parks
Council Parks
Industrial
Ports and Harbours
Retail
Schools and Education
Stadiums and Sports Grounds
Supermarkets
Theme Parks
Resources
FAQs
Gate Safety Guide
RAL Colour Chart
Maintenance Manuals
Gate Force Testing
Case Studies
News & Events
Blog
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you