https://www.miriads.com/termsp.php?sub=p
A global B2B Marketplace
A global B2B Marketplace
All
sell
buy
other
AboutAdvertisePost an offer
Privacy policy
Terms of use
PRIVACY POLICYWe respect your privacy. We do not collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you voluntarily provide that information to us.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you visit our website just to browse, read pages, but do not submit us any information, we gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. The kind of information include the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, your IP address, the domain name, the date and time of your visit and the pages you visit. Automatically collected information is used only for internal review and to improve the content of our website.
Personal Information Collected
We collect personal information from you only if you provide it voluntarily. For example, you might submit your name and e-mail address by posting your business advertisement, trade leads or to send us your feedback. All submitted e-mail addresses are displayed on our site in
the graphic form to prevent from automatical collection its by spammers. We may include your name in our mailing lists. We use this information for marketing and promotional purposes to occasionally notify you of Miriads.com services we think will interest you. We do not share this information with third parties. If you do not wish to receive such notifications and offers, you can request to be removed from our mailing lists.
Cookies
We use small text files called cookies only to maintain a functionality of the site. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. We provide session cookies to enable you to submit your information or to send us your feedback. You can set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, you will not be able to use our site in full extent.
Purchase of Services
When you purchase services from Miriads.com we may require personal information such as your name, contact data and billing information. We do not disclose your personal information, except to the extent necessary to complete your transaction.
Links to Other Sites
Our website has links to other websites in the World Wide Web. The privacy policies of these websites are not under our control. Once you leave our site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. It is advisable to read their privacy policies for further information.
If you wish to send us your comments, please visit our
feedback page
Miriads Business MarketplaceThis global Business-to-Business (B2B) marketplace has been created to offer international business community a place for presenting products and services, a possibility to establish contacts with suppliers, buyers, manufacturers from all over the world.
The core of our site is a database of trade and business offers posted by users who are looking for new cooperation partners. Wholesalers, exporters and importers are welcomed to publish their information on Miriads B2B. Posting prime business offer is free of charge. We also offer various advertising options such as banner ads and text link ads.
Contacts
| Terms of Use
| Privacy Policy
| Media Partners
| Link-To-Us
Miriads.com © 2017, All rights reserved