https://www.barrystea.ie/privacy-policy/
You must enable Javascript in your browser to use this website.
Click here to find out how
We use cookies to improve your experience on this website.
Read More
OK
PRIVACY POLICY
Our TeasOur StoryWhy TeaTea TalkThe Shop
Barry's Tea Gold Blend
Shop Now
Barry's Tea Master Blend
Shop Now
Barry's Tea Original Blend
Shop Now
Barry's Tea Decaf Blend
Shop Now
Our TeasOur StoryWhy TeaTea TalkThe Shop
Barry's Tea Gold Blend
Shop Now
Barry's Tea Master Blend
Shop Now
Barry's Tea Original Blend
Shop Now
Barry's Tea Decaf Blend
Shop Now
About UsWhere to BuyEthicsSustainabilityContact UsTerms & LegalsPRIVACY POLICY
TwitterFacebookNavinstagramYoutube
HomePRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Barry’s Tea is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This statement (together with our Company Data Protection Policy) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from and about you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
What data do we collect and process?
We will collect and process the following data about you:
-          Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. The information you give us may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information.
-          Information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you visit our website; subscribe to receive newsletters and email updates; apply for employment with us and engage in business dealings with us. You are not obliged to provide us with your personal information. However, if you do not, we might not be able to carry out the services you have requested of us.
Why do we process your data?
We process your data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject, to perform the services you have requested of us or to take steps at your request prior to undertaking to provide services for you.
How will we use your data?
When you visit our website, an anonymous record of your visit is made. This data is then aggregated and used to determine the number of people who visit our website and the most frequently used sections of the site. This enables us to continually update and refine the site. If you use any forms on the website to contact us, a record will also be made of the details you choose to include such as your name, email address, telephone number and the nature of your enquiry.
If you purchase our products from our Online Shop, we will retain your information on our database. The information you give us may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial and credit card information.
We may collect, hold, use and disclose the information collected to:
allow us to provide you with the services you request from us;
compile statistical data and to maintain our database;
develop/ improve our website;
to monitor and improve the quality of our services;
respond to any email enquiries;
provide you with information about our offers or products;
notify you of any upcoming events;
manage systems administration;
determine suitability for employment;
comply with legal obligations we might be subject to;
notify you of changes to our services;
for other marketing purposes
We will not use or disclose your personal information for any other purpose which is not related to the above purposes without your consent, unless otherwise authorised, required or permitted by law.
Who will we share your data with?
We may disclose your personal information on a confidential basis to external service providers so that they can provide services such as financial or administrative services in connection with the operation of our business; and to any person (where necessary) in connection with their services, such as, but not limited to, law enforcement, regulatory authorities, partners or advisors.
If we engage external service providers, we will take reasonable steps to ensure those entities comply with their obligations under GDPR when they handle your personal information. We will also ensure external service providers are only authorised to use personal information for the limited purposes specified in our agreement with them.
We may disclose or share your data in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our General Terms and Conditions.
Our agents, contractors or partners are restricted from using your data in any way other than to provide services for Barry’s Tea, or services for the collaboration in which they and Barry’s Tea are engaged. Barry’s Tea requires that all such agents, contractors or partners enter into contractual guarantees to observe security and privacy obligations as least as stringent as those set forth in this privacy statement.
Data security
We take our data security responsibilities seriously, employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures, including staff training and awareness. We review our data security measures and procedures regularly. Unfortunately, the transmission of information by means of the internet, including through e-mail, is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to or from us by means of e-mail and any such transmission is at your own risk.
Data retention
It is our aim to only hold your data for as long as this is necessary. Unless otherwise required under applicable law, we store your data for as long as we provide services to you. Thereafter, we will retain your information for a period of 36 months on our Marketing database. However if you wish to withdraw your consent to hold your data, we will then immediately remove your information from our database.
Marketing
We may contact you by mail or email about our offers which may be of interest to you. You have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise this right, please send us an email to privacy@barrystea.ie with a header that says “Unsubscribe”.
Where we store your information
We may store your information in different places. Physical files are stored in our office. Electronic files are stored on our secure servers and in the cloud. Whenever we transfer your data in such a way, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place.
Your rights
You have the right to request that we:
inform you whether we process your data, provide you with details relating to our processing, and with a copy of your personal data;
rectify any inaccurate data we might have about you without undue delay;
complete any incomplete information about you;
erase your personal data without undue delay,
are restricted from processing your data;
furnish you with the personal data which you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format
For personal data requests, we will aim to respond within one month of the request being logged and confirmed. Where we process your data solely on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before the withdrawal. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner at any time.
The exercise of your rights might be subject to certain conditions prescribed by law and we might require further information from you before we can respond to your request.
You may exercise your rights by contacting us at the addresses or e-mail address at the end of the privacy notice.
Correction requests
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate or out of date.
Cookies
For our policy on Cookies, please click here
Changes to Our Statement
We may update this privacy statement from time to time and will publish such updated version on our website.
Contact details
If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments in relation to your personal data, please:
Send an e-mail to privacy@barrystea.ie
Send a letter to:   Data Protection, Barry’s Tea, Kinsale Road, Cork.
Call us at:   + 353 (21) 4915000
About UsWhere to BuyEthicsSustainabilityContact UsTerms & LegalsPRIVACY POLICY
©2020
Barry's Tea, Kinsale Road, Cork, Ireland
T
+353 21 491 5000
E
info@barrystea.ie
“
We Make the Tea.
You Make the Moments.
#BarrysTeaMoments
Shared on Instagram