https://www.arieselec.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Aries Electronics, Inc. (https://www.arieselec.com) respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
We receive both information that is directly provided to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit our website or submit information to us, and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of this as the “Information”.
If you request or submit information to Aries Electronics, Inc. by sending an e-mail via the “mail to:” function or filling out a “request for information” form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Aries Electronics, Inc.’s solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of this website and not the sites that users access via links from our site. Aries Electronics, Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies, neither for other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website. Aries Electronics, Inc.is not responsible for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
We may use cookies in certain situations where they help to provide a better user experience, such as to remember settings, preferences and usage of our website.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from Aries Electronics, Inc. please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with “Remove personal information” in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Aries Electronics, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Aries Electronics, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page. This policy statement is made in the name of Aries Electronics, Inc. and is effective as of April 25, 2019. This statement does not create an agreement between Aries Electronics, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
For inquiries, contact: Aries Electronics, Inc. 2609 Bartram Rd., Bristol, PA 19007
Email: info@arieselec.com
Can’t Find What You're Looking For?
We can provide you a quote for creating a custom product that fits all of your needs. Let us know exactly what you are looking for and we can make it!
Get a custom quote