http://www.kingstreegroup.com/privacy-policy/
Kingstree Group is committed to respecting your privacy. We recognise your need for reasonable control of personally identifiable information that you share with us. Personally identifiable information is any information that can be uniquely identified with you. Examples include name, address, phone number, email address and so on.
Collecting:
This site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. With your approval, this site may collect personally identifiable information through site registrations, site submissions, and other means. In addition, to help us improve the service that we provide on this site, we may collect non-personally identifiable information about your use of our site (such as sales, traffic patterns and other statistical information) by tracking your visit. We will not be able to identify you from the statistical information that we collect in this way. Kingstree Group will review the personally identifiable information that it holds about you regularly and will delete all such information from its records if you ask us to do so.
Usage:
Kingstree Group uses information that it collects from you to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. The information we collect is also used to improve the content of our website and to give you updates about the site. We may use personally identifiable information to contact you, for example to give you more information about our products and services that we think may be of interest to you, or to respond to any questions or comments that you may have. We may use the information we gather along with information obtained from third parties for the purposes set out above. You may opt out from the above by contacting us via the Contact us section.
Sharing:
We will not share personally identifiable information collected on this site with any third parties (other than agents and contractors that we use in order to operate the site) unless we have your permission to do so. The agents and contractors that we use to operate this site are all prohibited from using information collected on the site for their own purposes.
Your rights:
Marketing Opt-out. This web site provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications regarding Kingstree Group, such as offers or promotional materials. Click on “Contact Us” and indicate via the form that you no longer want to receive promotional material about Kingstree Group or other products and services.
Access and Correction: You have a right to know about the personally identifiable information that Kingstree Group holds about you. You also have a right to have that personally identifiable information corrected or deleted. If you wish to exercise these rights please contact us via the Contact Us section.
Children:
This site is not directed to children and Kingstree Group does not knowingly solicit information from any child under the age of 13. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.
Links:
This web site may contain links or references to other web sites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our privacy policy does not apply to these sites. If you visit a site that is linked to our site, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personally identifiable information.
Security:
Kingstree Group has made a substantial investment in server, database, backup and firewall technologies, which are an integral element of this web site, in order to protect the security, integrity and privacy of the personally identifiable information that you provide from misuse or unauthorised alteration. Access is restricted to authorised Kingstree Group personnel pursuant to reasonable security and privacy procedures. However, in deciding whether or not to submit personally identifiable information via this site you should keep in mind that no internet transmission or computer network is ever 100% secure or error free.
Updating personally identifiable information:
If you would like to update your personally identifiable information or preferences on how we communicate with you, please fill out the Contact Us form with the relevant details.
Changes to privacy policy:
We may modify this privacy statement at any time, at our discretion and modifications are effective upon being posted on this site. Please check periodically, including before you provide any additional personally identifiable information via this site, to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it.
Search
Type and Press “enter” to Search