http://www.caffesociety.co.uk/terms-conditions
Terms and Conditions | Caffe Society
Close Menu
Home
Categories
Coffee Machines
Coffee
Ingredients
Accessories
Beverage Equipment
Service & Training
Opening A Coffee Shop
More information
Info & Guides
About Us
Our Showrooms
Blog
Coffee Machine Guide
About Our Coffee
Coffee Roasting
Why Buy Our Coffee
Coffee Types
Barista Tips
Contact Us
Account
Log in
Close Menu
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Home
Menu
Info & Guides
About Us
Our Showrooms
Blog
Coffee Machine Guide
About Our Coffee
Coffee Roasting
Why Buy Our Coffee
Coffee Types
Barista Tips
Coffee Recipes
Contact
Log in
Account
Your basket is empty
Menu
Basket
Close Basket
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Checkout
Close
Recently added item(s)
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Continue Shopping Basket/Checkout
Have a question? Call us now on 01977 687 580
01977 687 580
Spend
£75 (Ex-Vat) to get free delivery*
coffee machines, beans & everything in-between
Search
Call us today on 01977 687580
Coffee Machines
Machine Types
Espresso Machines
Bean To Cup Coffee Machines
Office Coffee Machines
Filter Coffee Machines
Bulk Brew Coffee Machines
Reconditioned Coffee Machines
Coffee Brewing Equipment
Add-ons
Coffee Grinders
Coffee Machine Stands
Coffee Machine Accessories
Brands
Shop By Brand
Need help choosing a machine? Click here
Coffee
Coffee Type
Coffee Beans
Ground Coffee
Coffee Pods & Capsules
Freeze Dried Coffee
Certification
Fairtrade
Rainforest Alliance
Organic Coffee
Marketing
Point Of Sale
Save up to 20% on the cafe range
Ingredients
Beverage
Tea
Hot Chocolate
Smoothies
Frappes
Milkshakes
Vending Products
Flavourings & Toppings
Milk & Cream Products
Sugar & Sweeteners
Syrups
Sauces
Toppings
Snacks
Biscuits
Chocolates
Featured Brands
Sweetbird
Twinings Tea
Dinkum
Save up to 20% on the cafe range
Accessories
Takeaway
Takeaway Coffee Cups & Lids
Clear Cups & Lids
Bags
Napkins
Straws & Stirrers
Trays & Clutches
Tableware
Cups & Saucers
Glasses
Spoons
Tools & Cleaning
Barista Tools
Cleaning Chemicals
Water Filters
Save up to 20% on the cafe range
Beverage Equipment
Hot Beverage
Water Boilers
Coffee Brewing Equipment
Cold Beverage
Milkshake Machines
Milk Coolers
Services & Training
Maintenance
Coffee Machine Service
Coffee Machine Repair
How to avoid calling us out
Training
Barista Training
Barista Tips
Opening A Coffee Shop
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions of website use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Jump to one of our other policy pages
Terms & Conditions of Website use
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
TERMS & CONDITIONS
The Brew Group Ltd. t/a Caffe Society are suppliers of commercial equipment and services to commercial customers and all sales are considered a business to business contract.
1. Goods being Sold
1.1 Special offers are subject to stock availability and are subject to change without prior notice.
1.2 All product images are for illustrative purposes and though we always aim to ensure they are accurate, the design may differ from the final delivered product.
1.3 Goods ordered in a specific colour, pattern or design are sold subject to stock availability. Caffe Society reserves the right to substitute goods with newer items or items of comparable or better quality, alternative colour, pattern or design with Customer approval.
1.4 Where not specified, a price for equipment installation can be quoted subject to product and customer location.
1.5 Customers placing an order for age-restricted goods such as solvents and cream whippers confirm that they are 18 years of age and that delivery will be accepted by a person over 18 years of age.
2. Pricing and Payment
2.1 All prices listed are subject to the addition of VAT at the standard applicable rate.
2.2 Prices are correct at the time of listing and may be subject to change without prior notice.
2.3 Occasionally an error may cause product price/description to be incorrect, in which case Caffe Society shall be under no obligation to honour the incorrect price.
2.4 Caffe Society ‘Price Promise’ only applies to products marked with the words “PRICE PROMISE - found this product cheaper?” below the pricing information. It applies to a genuine lower published price for a like-for-like product in stock and offered on the same terms within the UK. The product price will not be matched if the like-for-like item includes ‘hidden extras’ such as delivery charges. ‘Like-for-like’ means a product should match brand, model and/or specification. Quotation of a ‘Price Promise’ offer does not include eBay, second hand or B-grade catering equipment and associated supplies. Please note: The customer will be required to provide evidence of this quotation.
2.5 All orders placed with Caffe Society may be subject to further credit or security checks.
2.6 All leasing deals are subject to approval by the leasing company. All leasing figures quoted on the website and marketing material are approximate and are subject to confirmation by the leasing company.
3. Delivery
3.1 All orders under £75.00 will incur a £7.50 carriage charge, unless explicitly specified. Orders for islands, highlands and remote areas will be subject to additional carriage charges.
3.2 ‘Next Working Day Delivery’ is only available on orders placed before 12:00pm (midday) and Caffe Society cannot guarantee items will be delivered ‘the next working day’ after this time. “Working Day” refers to Monday to Friday excluding public holidays.
3.3 Overnight deliveries, weekend (Sat-Sun) and special delivery services are available on most products, with prices available upon application.
3.4 Expected delivery time frames are shown on product pages, but may be subject to change due to stock availability or if any additional security checks are necessary
3.5 The Customer is responsible for ensuring that all items will fit onto or within the premises. You (the Customer) are advised to check all entry door dimensions to ensure the product will fit onto or within the site. Any charges caused by an aborted delivery due to this will be passed onto the Customer.
3.6 Delivery as standard is a kerb side delivery to a ground floor site. In most cases this will be between the hours of 8.00am and 6.00pm (This does NOT include unpacking and positioning - which must be done by the customer). Please note: In this instance drivers will be unable to assist with the unpacking process due to liability insurance regulation.
3.7 Small items or items not delivered upon a pallet will be delivered as per Customer instructions or directions. Please note: This refers to ingredients, small machines and accessories.
3.8 Where applicable or available, an engineer fitting installation service can be purchased prior to delivery. This optional service is available at our discretion, and is subject to location and time limitations. Please note: This service may be undertaken by third party engineers on behalf of Caffe Society. In the instance that you (the Customer) opts for installation, larger machines, our engineers will require positioning and/or unpacking assistance – which must be provided at site by you (the Customer).
3.9 Any refused delivery charges either directly from Caffe Society or third party suppliers will be passed onto the Customer where appropriate.
4. Warranties and Returns
4.1 All warranties provided with equipment are operated and controlled by either Caffe Society or other manufacturers. This will be specified on your order form and invoice at the point of purchase. This warranty is only applicable to mainland UK. Please note that certain perishable items will not be covered under warranty such as seals and gaskets. Please refer to Warranty Terms & Conditions for your specific machine for further details. If you are unsure at any point what is covered and what is not covered by warranty please contact our sales office on 01977 687 580 (this does not affect your statutory rights).
4.2 Any products incorrectly ordered by the customer or goods that a Customer wishes to return/cancel will incur an industry standard restocking/cancellation charge. This constitutes a minimum of 5% of the original order value to cover card handling costs and all associated administration costs, however, this figure could be higher subject to the status of the order and the goods themselves. Goods can only be returned if unused and in the original packaging. If any goods are received in error this must be reported to us within 48 hours to allow us to deal with this effectively. Any issues reported after this time will not be able to be corrected and may be liable for extra charges.
Caffe Society are suppliers of commercial equipment and services to commercial customers and all sales are considered a business to business contract. Therefore we are not obligated to offer refunds or accept returns even if items are unused. If we chose to do so this will be at the discretion of Caffe Society. In this instance we will apply and charge a restock fee that we deem reasonable.
4.3 Notification of any goods that need to be returned or any damages must be reported within the first 24 hours after delivery. Damaged items that were not signed for as damaged will not be eligible for return. Please check all deliveries thoroughly before signing for them to make sure all products are satisfactory before accepting delivery.
4.4 Any special order items cannot be cancelled or returned once an order is placed.
4.5 All items carry a minimum of one-year parts only warranty unless otherwise stated, this warranty where applicable is the manufacturer’s warranty.
4.6 All commercial gas appliances must be installed by a qualified Gas Safe registered engineer. Failure to do so will void product warranty.
4.7 Click here for coffee machine warranty procedure, full terms and further info.
5. Termination
5.1 Caffe Society reserves the right to cancel or suspend any order where payment has not been received or in which payment has failed subject to credit checks or otherwise.
5.2 Caffe Society reserves the right to suspend or terminate performance of this Agreement where delivery or supply of the Goods and/or performance of this Agreement is affect by reasons out of Caffe Society’s reasonable control such as force majeure, act of God, adverse weather and government intervention, sanction or legislation.
5.3 Caffe Society reserves the right to cancel any Order where it is reasonably suspected that the Customer is not legally permitted to purchase any Goods specified in the Order (such as solvents).
5.4 Caffe Society reserves the right, by notice to the Customers, to cancel or suspend any Order where payment has not been received in accordance with Clause 2 of this Agreement.
6. Liability
6.1 Caffe Society cannot be held responsible for any costs/damage or loss of earnings due to any equipment being supplied faulty/damaged/developing a fault or deliveries failing/being delayed.
6.2 It is the responsibility of the Customer to be aware of all current legislation regarding coffee making equipment and its application/installation, Caffe Society cannot be held responsible for any issues/costs that arise from non-awareness. If there is anything you are unsure of or require clarifying please contact the Caffe Society sales office on 01977 687 580.
Call us today on 01977 687580
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. By using our site, you agree to allow us to use cookies, in accordance with our Cookie policy and Privacy Policy.
Got it!
Sign up for our latest deals and offers!
Sign up for our latest deals and offers!
Privacy Policy
Get Deals
Help
My Account
Contact Us
Machine Chooser
Ingredients Brochure
How to Find Us
Finance Options
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Environmental Policy
Delivery *
Our Customers
How to Find Us
Caffe Society
Tornado House
Moxon Way
Sherburn In Elmet
Leeds
LS25 6FB
Find us on a map
Tel: 01977 687 580
Latest Blog Post
COVID-19 Update from the Caffe Society team
In light of the latest advice from the UK Government and the recommendation to avoid all but essential travel, we want to advise you that we are still here to help customers wherever possible. We are ...
Read More
18 Mar 2020
© 2003 - 2020 | The Brew Group Ltd T/A Caffe Society
Company Number: 04227424