http://www.chrysalix.com/privacy-policy
Chrysalix Venture Capital
AboutTeamPortfolioEntrepreneursInnovation PartnersNews + InsightsConnectAboutTeamPortfolioEntrepreneursInnovation PartnersNews + InsightsConnectPrivacy PolicyConsent to Privacy Policy TermsBy using our website or registering to receive email communications from us, you acknowledge and consent to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.What Personal Information Do We Collect?When you visit our website or request a service, you may be required to provide Chrysalix, in our capacity of data controller, with personal information or other information that you choose to provide such as your full name and e-mail address.  Some personal data are mandatory, others optional, to access or benefit from certain services on the website, such as contact forms.  The mandatory or optional nature of the data is indicated to you at the time of collection. In the absence of communication of mandatory personal data, we will not be able to respond to your request.How Do We Use Personal Information?We may collect and use personal information:To provide services;To submit Entrepreneur information for funding;To conduct, monitor and analyze our business operations;To monitor website usage and ensure that content on the website is presented in the most effective manner;In relation to marketing or other email communications, where we have obtained consent to send such communications;To manage and improve relations between Chrysalix and you;For statistical purposes;To provide information to potential future purchasers / merger partners, as appropriate, in connection with the outsourcing, sale or combination (including acquisition) of all or part of Chrysalix; orAs otherwise required or authorized by law.How Do We Share And Use Personal Information?We may share personal information with third party vendors, consultants, service providers or Chrysalix team members to provide services or assistance. The third-party service providers we use are as follows:Constant Contact – Email newsletter automationDropbox – Document storageZapier – Marketing and lead generation automationAll information provided to our third parties is kept strictly confidential.In the event of a proven infringement of legal or regulatory provisions, personal information may be disclosed upon express and reasoned request of the judicial authorities.How Long Do We Keep Personal Information?We will only keep personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the relevant purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and in order to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations. If you would like further information regarding the retention periods for which personal information will be kept, please contact us at: privacy@chrysalix.com.Do We Proceed To International Data Transfers?By entering your personal information on our website, you consent to disclosure and processing of your personal information outside of your jurisdiction or geographical location.  We will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Some of our establishments  and/or partners being located outside the European Union, personal data collected may be transferred to countries outside the European Union, whose legislation on the protection of personal data differs from that of the European Union.  In the event that the recipient country or countries would not ensure a level of data protection equivalent to that of the European Union as recognized by an adequacy decision, we undertake to take all appropriate guarantees on the basis of appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses or binding corporate rules to be disclosed upon request.Do We Use Cookies?We use cookies to provide you with a good user-experience, tailor content and continually improve our website. For example, we can recognise and remember important information that will make it more convenient for you to browse our website, such as preferred settings. The cookies we use, and their duration are:_ga (Google Analytics) : 2 years_gat_gtag_UA_37586950_1 (Google Analytics): 1 day_gid (Google Analytics): 2 dayscookie_notice_accepted (Proprietary cookie to hide the message “This site uses cookies” and acknowledge once accepted): 1 monthFor more information about the Google Analytics cookies we use, please visit: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage.Cookie usageA cookie is a small text file that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. Cookies perform various tasks (including remembering your preferences) and are an important part of improving your experience of our website.Our website may also use other similar technologies, such as web beacons, pixel or gif tags, and action tags. Those technologies also collect information that assists us in improving our services, use of our website, advertising and customer communications.There are three main types of cookies:Session cookies: specific to a particular visit and limited to sending session identifiers (random numbers generated by the server) so you don’t get asked the same information you’ve already given to the site. Session cookies are not permanently stored on your device and are deleted when the browser closes;Persistent cookies: record information about your preferences and are stored in your browser cache or mobile device; andThird party cookies: cookies from companies such as Google or Facebook, which may gather data across multiple websites or sessions.We use the following cookies:Necessary Cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website and use of its features. The information collected relates to the operation of our website (e.g. website scripting language and security tokens) and enables us to provide you with the service you have requested.Analytics Cookies. These cookies collect information on how users use our website, for example which pages you visit most often, whether you receive any error messages, and how you arrived at our website. Information collected by these cookies is used only to improve your use of our website. These cookies are sometimes placed by third party providers of web traffic and analysis services.Targeting Cookies. These are cookies that are used to deliver content that best suits you and your interests. It can be used for targeted advertising / offers, limiting ad serving or measuring the effectiveness of a promotional campaign.Customization Cookies. These cookies are used to remember the choices you have made, for example the country you visit our website from, your language and any changes you have made to text size and other parts of the web pages that you can customise to improve your user experience and to make your visits more tailored and enjoyable.How to block cookies?Most internet browsers are set up by default to accept cookies.  However, if you want to refuse or delete them, please refer to the help and support area on your browser for instructions on how to block or delete cookies (e.g. Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Apple Safari). Keep in mind that each browser has a different procedure for managing and configuring cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including necessary cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.Google AnalyticsWe also utilize Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, to better understand your use of our website and services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the website, what pages they visit, and where they were referred from (e.g. visit to Chrysalix.com from LinkedIn etc.). Google uses the data collected to track and examine the use of the website, to prepare reports on its activities, and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on the websites to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the websites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.Google has developed the opt out browser add-on.  If you want to opt out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the add-on for your web browser here.You can find more information about cookies (including how to disable them) at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.Links or Connections to Third-Party Websites Including Social MediaOur website may contain links to third-party websites including social media websites such as LinkedIn and Twitter. If you submit your personal information to any third-party websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. These third-party websites may also use cookies and perform other methods of tracking and collecting personal information. Usage of these social media channels are bound by their own terms and conditions, and therefore we recommend you review their privacy policies and terms individually when using their websites.No endorsement of any third-party products or services is expressed or implied by any information, material or content referred to or included on, linked from or to this website.How Do We Secure Personal Information?We are committed to protecting personal information to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the personal information in our possession.  We use reasonable technical and security measures such as HTTPS (or SSL data encryption) to secure data when submitting information between your web browser and our website.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure.  Although we do our best to protect personal information, we cannot absolutely guarantee security of information.  We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or provide to us and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or administrative safeguards. If you believe your personal information has been compromised, please contact us at: privacy@chrysalix.comWe will continually review and update our security policies and controls as technology changes to ensure ongoing personal information security.Do You Receive Email Or Marketing Communications?If you wish to opt-out of Chrysalix email or marketing communications, you may contact us at privacy@chrysalix.com.How Do We Ensure The Accuracy Of Personal Information?We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information under our custody or control is accurate and complete. You are responsible for providing timely updates to changes in personal information if required.You may request a correction to your personal information to ensure its accuracy and completeness.  A request to correct personal information must be made in writing and provide sufficient detail to identify the personal information and the correction being sought.A request to correct personal information should be forwarded to the Privacy Officer at privacy@chrysalix.com.What Rights Do You Have In Relation To Your Personal Information Under GDPR?In accordance with the GDPR, you have the right to access, modify, delete, if any limit or make portable your personal data and the right to object, subject to legitimate and compelling reasons, to the processing of this data, if necessary after you have provided a valid identity document.  You can also define guidelines regarding the fate of your personal data in the event of death.  Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint within the relevant national data protection authority.For security reasons and to avoid any fraudulent request, you may be required to provide proof of identity with the request. After the request has been processed, this receipt will be destroyed.Questions about this Privacy Policy, exercise of rights may be made in writing to the Privacy Officer:Via email: privacy@chrysalix.comOr by mail:Privacy Officer – Chrysalix Venture CapitalSuite 333 – 1111 West Hastings St. Vancouver, BC Canada, V6E 2J3Changes To Privacy PolicyThis policy is subject to amendment from time to time.  Please review this policy regularly to stay informed of any updates.We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible experience on our website. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.OkPrivacy policySign up for our newsletterFirst nameLast nameEmail* Company Name*
I would like to subscribe to the Chrysalix newsletter and receive the latest news. A copy of our Privacy Policy can be seen here.