http://www.sea-doo.com/us/en/cookie-policy.html
Cookie policy
Last Updated: 08/19/2019
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files that store information on a user’s computer. They are designed to hold a small amount of data specific to a particular user and website. This allows web pages delivered to be tailored to a particular user, or some pages can contain some script which is aware of the data in the cookie and so is able to carry information from one visit to the website (or related site) to the next. Cookies are usually created when a new webpage is loaded.
Cookies used on this website
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active – These cookies are necessary for the functioning of the website. They are in response to actions you have taken such as log-ins, language preferences, browser settings, and auto-fill forms. You can set your browser to alert you when these cookies or being used or to block them. Please be aware that some parts of the web site may not work if you block these cookies.
Facebook Pixel
These cookies are used by BRP and Facebook to measure, build, and improve Facebook advertising audiences. This works by uniquely identifying your browser and device and ensuring that BRP displays its Facebook advertising campaigns to users that would be interested in such advertising. This is done by analyzing which content is interacted with by a user.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used by BRP and third parties to build a profile of your interests, show you relevant communications, as well as to understand the performance of the advertising. They track information such as browser and device identifiers, the number of unique visitors, the number of clicks on ads, and most recently loaded pages. They are also used to build consumer profiles, including showing ads based on products that are viewed or acts that have been taken on BRP websites. By disabling these cookies, you will not receive a targeting advertising experience across different websites.
Retargeting/Behavioural/Statistical Cookies
These cookies are used by BRP and third parties to create audiences that include lists of users who have interacted with the BRP web site in a particular fashion. These cookies do not contain any identifiers nor any personal identifiable information.
Your cookie settings
You can completely disable some or all cookies in the advanced settings of your browser at any time. For more information on how to disable cookies, please refer to https://cookies.insites.com/disable-cookies/
E-mail:
privacyofficer@brp.com
Mail:
Bombardier Recreational Products Inc.
Attention: Legal Services
726, St-Joseph Street
Valcourt, Quebec
J0E 2L0
Canada
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution to any complaint or concern you may have about our use of your Personal Information. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your country (if one exists in your country) or supervisory authority.
COOKIE USE
This site uses cookies to ensure you have the best experience. By browsing this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Find out more on cookies and how to manage your settings on our Cookie Policy.
OK