https://www.nts.com/privacy-policy/
NTS Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy when you use our online or other services (“Services“).  In this policy, we explain how and why we collect process and use your personal information, how and why we share it and what controls you have over our use of it. In this Privacy Statement the terms ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘NTS’ means NTS Technical Systems, NTS and its associated companies, as appropriate.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully as it contains important information to help you understand our practices regarding the use of your personal information by NTS.
From time to time, we may review this Statement and any updates will be provided on this webpage. Please refer to this Privacy Statement regularly to review any amendments.
What data do we collect and how do we use it?
We may collect your personal information (which means any information about you) in connection with our Services or Products, including: your name, postal address, email address, and about your business such as your company name and business sector. In addition when you order certain Services or Products from us, we may need to retain and process your transaction and payment details, including your credit or debit card details.
How We Collect Your Information
We may collect your personal information when:
you apply for or purchase any Services from us;
you request information or assistance from us; and/or
if you use any other features of our Website, client portal or other services that may be offered from time to time, if your personal information is needed to use these services.
Our Use of Your Information
NTS collects and processes information about you for the following purposes:
Purpose
Legal Basis
to provide our Products or Services to you;
Performance of contract;
Legitimate interests;
to provide you with information on our Products or Services requested by you and respond to your queries;
Necessary steps prior to a contract and/or performance of contract;
to review and improve our Products and Services and to help and support you in using our Products and Services;
Performance of contract;
Legitimate interests;
to confirm, update and improve our customer records;
Legal obligation;
Legitimate interests;
to review and develop your relationship with us;
Performance of contract;
Legitimate interests;
to inform you about improvements to our  Website;
Performance of contract;
Legitimate interests;
to troubleshoot problems with the Website, or to customize your experience on the Website;
Performance of contract;
Legitimate interests;
in connection with credit cards and credit related services;
Performance of contract;
Legitimate interests;
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, which may require us to share your information, for example to combat fraud or money laundering;
Legal obligation;
to conduct statistical analysis and research;
Legitimate interests;
to keep you informed of other Products and Services that may be of interest to you;
Legitimate interests;
If appropriate, with your consent;
to consider and process any application you may make to us for a job or to provide your services to us; and
Necessary steps prior to contract and/ or performance of a contract;
for other reasons in connection with our business operations; and
Legitimate interests; and
any other purpose to which you consent.
Data subject consent.
How We Might Share Your Information
We may need to share your personal information to help us provide our Services, including with:
our other group companies;
our advisors;
our third party service providers who process information on our behalf to provide our Services or to run some of our internal business operations including email distribution, IT services, business support and customer services;
independent debt recovery agencies or service providers, solicitors or other agents if money is outstanding on your account; and law enforcement bodies in order to comply with any legal obligation or court order.
Sharing your Information Internationally
We may need to transfer personal information across the NTS group of companies to help operate our business efficiently and to provide you with our Services. We may also allow third party service providers to process personal information where this is needed in connection with a service they provide to us. These arrangements may involve your personal information being located in various countries around the world e.g. Canada, US, Australia where privacy laws differ. We only make these arrangements or transfers where we are satisfied that adequate levels of protection are in place to protect your information.
Retention of Your Personal Information
Your information will be kept if required for the reasons described here and to comply with applicable laws. We will take reasonable steps to destroy personal information we hold if it is no longer needed for these reasons.
Marketing
From time to time, we may send you information about our Services that we believe may be of interest to you or your business. You may receive this information by letter, telephone or email. If you no longer wish to receive these updates, please let us know by contacting us at marketing@NTS.com or by following the unsubscribe link provided in every email.
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users and which may remember your preferences when you visit our Website. Our cookies policy provides you with further detail about the cookies we use and the purposes for using these cookies. This policy also provides details for how you can change your settings to block or delete cookies although some features of our Website may not function as a result.
Other Websites
This Website contains links to the sites of third parties, which are not within our control. This Privacy Statement only applies to this Website. We do not control the content, the security or the use of your personal data by any third party websites. We accept no responsibility or liability for other websites not under our control and so when you access we recommend that you look at the privacy notices that appear on those sites. No links are intended to be, nor should be construed as, an endorsement of any kind by us of that other website.
You may not create a link to this Website from another website or document without our prior written permission.
Security
NTS places great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers. We invest appropriate resources to protect your personal information, from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. For example, our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized personnel have access to your information. With regard to our Websites, we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt financial information you input before it is sent to us. However, please be aware that no internet-based site can be 100% secure and NTS cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control. Although NTS will do its best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data sent over the internet or by email.
Your Rights
You have the right to request copies of your personal information held by us and details of how we use that information by contacting us in writing using the details below. If any of your information is incorrect or out of date, please let us know and we will amend our records. You also have the right to require us to stop processing your personal data and/or to withdraw your consent, where applicable. However this may not apply where we have other legal reasons for continuing to use your personal data.
Complaints Process
If you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal information you may contact us using the details below and we will investigate your complaint. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with The California State Department of Justice once you have tried to resolve the issue with us. See CCPA complaint Form for further information.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Details about how NTS handles personal data are given in this Privacy Statement. The statement also tells you how to find out what personal information we hold about you and how to access it.
NTS does not sell personal information.
NTS believes in supporting individuals to exercise these rights and no negative impact will be experienced by those who choose to do so.
For more information, contact privacy@NTS.com or call this toll-free number 1-844-332-1885
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or to find out further information about your personal information and how we use it, please contact us at the details below. Your request should be made in writing.
Email address: privacy@NTS.com
.
Ask an Expert
We are here to help, just ask! Our experts will help determine the best solution for your needs.
Newsletter Signup
Get the latest insights from NTS!
SIGN UP
Use of Cookies
NTS uses cookies to optimize and personalize your browsing experience on its website. More information on our use of cookies and your ability to opt-out can be found in the “Cookies” section of our
Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse, you consent to the use of cookies on our websites.
close
Sign up to access our TESTalks!
First Name *
Last Name*
Email *
Mobile Phone*
Company Name *