https://www.citizenscreditunion.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policywebadmin2020-06-03T10:11:53-03:00
Citizens Credit Union is committed to protecting the personal information of credit union members, employees and other individuals. In order to protect all personal information collected, used or disclosed by Citizens Credit Union, we have adopted the Credit Union Code for the Protection of Personal Information.
On our web site, we only collect personal information required to improve the services we offer, to improve our site content and, with your permission, to contact you with information about our services. We will not share any personal information obtained on this web site with any other organization without your express knowledge and consent.
For more information on our web site Privacy Statement, please read below.
Information we collect on our site
You can visit all public areas of our site without providing any personal information about yourself. Our Web site collects only non-personal information based on a visitor’s Internet Protocol (IP) address (this is not personally identifiable). Information collected includes the date and time of visit, the type of Internet browser used to access the site, the referring address (the link a visitor uses to access the site). This data is used to create statistics on site usage and improve online services.
The Citizens Credit Union Internal Web site is solely for the use of authorized members of boards, committees, management and staff of the Credit Union. Access requires a special “User Name” and “Password”. Personal information that is collected on this internal web site is used solely for security and site management purposes and to facilitate business functions of Citizens Credit Union.
Will a cookie be set on my computer when I visit this site?
To help us manage our web site, we set a cookie on your computer that expires when you close your web browser.
If you send us an e-mail, any information provided by you will only be used for the purposes of responding to your inquiry or acting on your request. We will not use your name or e-mail address for any other purposes without additional consent.
Links to other Web sites
Our web site contains links to other web sites that are part of, affiliated with, or have a business relationship with Citizens Credit Union. When you leave our site to visit one these other sites, the only information transferred to the new site is the fact that you came from the Citizens Credit Union web site (the referring address). Transmission of this referring address allows other sites to monitor their own web traffic, but does not disclose any personal information about you.
How do I contact Citizens Credit Union with Questions or Concerns?
We welcome any questions or concerns about our Internet Privacy Statement, or the practices of this site. Please contact us by e-mail or in writing at the following address:
Citizens Credit Union
Attn: Debbie Gillett, Privacy Officer
179 Sunbury Drive
Fredericton Junction, NB
E5L 1R5
(506) 368-9033
debbie.gillett@citizenscreditunion.com
Citizens Credit Union reserves the right to amend its Internet Privacy Statement and its Privacy Code at any time with or without notice. Please check this page periodically for changes.
Go to Top