http://www.digitalwavecorp.com/privacy-policy/
Hexagon Digital WaveEnhancing Safety Through Innovation  Delivering Safe and Accurate Results Innovative and cost-effective
Our NDT methods have been designed and manufactured with the specific aim to lower overhead and reduce equipment downtime. Safety
With the most advanced capabilities and NDT technology available to us, our primary objective is to improve safety monitoring of all types of pressure vessels Competence and expertise
Our gifted team of PhD’s, engineers, and software developers have over 75 years of experience in the field of Non-Destructive Testing.
Ultrasonic Examination (UE)Our diverse UE machines have been designed and manufactured to accommodate the needs of entry level customers to international retesting facilities. Read more Modal Acoustic Emission (MAE)Unlike traditional Acoustic Emission, MAE gains advantage with the use of advanced electronics and designed sensors which enable broadband waveform capture.
Read more Global leaders in Non-destructive testing of high pressure vessels
107Ultrasonic Examination Requalfication Sites WolrdwideWith 107 sites worldwide, our UE machines have become the gold standard for high pressure cylinder requalification from industrial gas suppliers to fire equipment distributors
Over 10Mseamless metallic cylinders testedWith over 10 million cylinders analyzed, our proprietary flaw detection software has no equal, leading the way in comprehensive evaluation and safety monitoring seamless metallic pressure vessels.
10Government Special Permits and Equvilency CertificatesWith insuring regulatory compliance at the heart of everything we do, our government issued special permits are the foundation of our business.DOT Special Permits and TC Equivalency CertificatesHexagon has a strong international presence with offices and facilities in Norway, Germany, USA and Canada, including the world's most important clean energy markets in Europe, Asia and South America Read moreAssociations We Are A Part OfHexagon Digital Wave is a member of key industry organizations and associations Compressed Gas Association Founded in 1913, the Compressed Gas Association is dedicated to the development and promotion of safety standards in the industrial, medical, and food gases industry. visit websiteGAWDA The GAWDA mission is to promote the safe operation and economic vitality of distributors of industrial gases and related welding equipment and supplies. visit websiteNAFED The National Association of Fire Equipment Distributors (NAFED) is a trade association serving companies that sell, distribute, and service fire equipment.
visit websiteProviding The Right Solution To The Right CustomerGeorgia Cylinder and Hydro Test“I have been very pleased with the performance of the UE17. The education provided by Digital Wave made it a smooth transition from the water jacket to ultrasonic testing.” – Scott Carson, GCH Manager Read case
Firefighters Without Boarders Hexagon Digital Wave Partners with Firefighters Without Borders to Provide Life Saving SCBA Cylinders for Fire Departments Worldwide. Read case
Get in touch with us From technical questions to pricing, we want to hear from you! Contact
Privacy & Cookies Policy Privacy Information / Consent Hexagon uses cookies to make our site easier for you to use. Some are essential, some are used to evaluate the usage of the website. With clicking "Accept“, you agree that your behavior is evaluated by Google Analytics. You will find further information and revocation options in our privacy policy. View Cookie Settings Accept No ThanksPrivacy Overview
×
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary (Always enabled) Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-Necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.