http://www.louisdreyfus.com/site-links/privacy-statement
About usContact us
Site links Privacy statementAccessibility
Print
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This website is the property of Louis Dreyfus Holding B.V. (“Louis Dreyfus”) and/or its licensors located at the following address:
Louis Dreyfus Holding B.V.
Zuidplein 208, WTC H-251077 XV Amsterdam+ 31 20 333 00 20Email: md@louisdreyfus.nlRegistered in the Commercial Register (Handelsregister) under number 34274127.VAT number NL8179.84.604.B.01.
The website is hosted by SwissCenter:World Trade CenterAv. Gratta-Paille 21018 Lausanne – SwitzerlandPhone: 0840 100 100
1. Technical Information and disclaimers
As the user of this website, you acknowledge that you have the necessary means and ability to access and use this site, and have verified that the computer configuration being used does not contain any viruses and is in perfect working order.
You acknowledge having been informed that this website is accessible 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for situations beyond its control, problems connected to communication network structures or technical difficulties. You acknowledge, in particular, being aware that internet pages are interpreted differently by the different network browsers on the market.
Louis Dreyfus is not liable for any errors, unavailable data and/or viruses present on its website regardless of the legal ground on which liability is based (breach of contract, tort or otherwise).
Louis Dreyfus reserves the right to remove or modify at any time all or part of the content of its website as well as deny or limit access to this website.
2. Privacy Policy
The website of Louis Dreyfus uses third party analytic cookies (Google Analytics). These cookies are vital for us to improve the basic functionality of the website. Usage of these cookies is in no way linked to any personal data. Your IP address is stored anonymously and information is not shared with other third parties.
A cookie is a small data file that our server sends to your browser when you visit the site. Cookies will only be stored to improve the performance of the site in order to retrieve data in the most effective way and notify the user of previous activities. You acknowledge having been informed that you can delete cookies at any time or you can set your browser to reject or disable cookies. If you are unsure how to do this, follow this link where you will find instructions for many of the most popular web browsers: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html.
3. Ownership and Copyright
The general reproduction structure of texts, animated images or otherwise and any other component of the website are the property of Louis Dreyfus or of third parties that have authorized Louis Dreyfus to use them. Any total or partial representation of this website by any process whatsoever without the express authorization of Louis Dreyfus is forbidden and shall constitute (amongst other things) unauthorized reproduction and copyright infringement. All of the rights of reproduction are reserved, including downloadable documents (logos, photos, catalogues, booklets, brochures, and any type of information whatsoever...). Downloadable documents are also protected by copyright.
No user or visitor of the website may install a hyperlink to this website without the express prior authorization of Louis Dreyfus.
The website of Louis Dreyfus may contain links to other websites. You acknowledge having been informed that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website over which Louis Dreyfus has no control. Louis Dreyfus will bear no responsibility for the content of these sites, for any links contained therein, for the products or services offered, or for changes or updates made. These links are provided for your convenience only and do not imply any endorsement or approval by Louis Dreyfus.
The trademark LOUIS DREYFUS and the domain name www.louisdreyfus.com are registered in the name of Louis Dreyfus Trademarks B.V. All rights reserved.
These terms of use are made for the benefit of (i) Louis Dreyfus, (ii) its past, present and future shareholders (direct and indirect), (iii) all individuals who have worked for, are working for or may in future work for Louis Dreyfus (including advisers, employees, trainees, temps and freelancers) and (iv) all suppliers and subcontractors of Louis Dreyfus.
The legal relationships to which this legal policy applies shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Dutch law. Disputes shall be submitted in first instance exclusively to the Amsterdam District Court, except that Louis Dreyfus may also initiate proceedings in any competent court in your jurisdiction.
© 2020 Copyright Louis Dreyfus Holding B.V.
Site links
Privacy statement
Accessibility
Related websites
www.ldc.com
www.louisdreyfusfoundation.org