http://www.farmsciencegenetics.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyHome/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAllied Seed
Last updated: June 2020
Allied Seed respects your privacy and feels it is important for you to know how we handle the information we receive via our website. This Privacy Policy describes how we manage, process and store personal data submitted in the context of providing our services. “Personal data” refers to any information relating to an identifiable individual or their personal identity.
The content on this website is intended for US audiences.
Types of Information We Collect and How It’s Used
When you request services or information or contact us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Lead Generation/Contact Forms
We may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number. This information is used to market our products and services.
Information Clients Provide When Creating an Account or Purchasing
If you choose to create an Account while purchasing, we will collect personal information such as your contact, billing, and shipping information. We use information about you to fulfill your requests and provide services. Other uses include processing refunds or exchanges, tracking and confirming online orders. Your online Account can be deleted at any time. In some circumstances, Allied Seed may share your information with certain third parties to perform services on our behalf.
Email Marketing and Newsletters
For those of you that have expressly opted in to receive our Allied Seed newsletter, you are easily able to unsubscribe by following the “unsubscribe” links included in every email. Without systematically doing so, we may analyze and track the email click rates (times you click on a link in an email) and open rates (the fact that you opened an email) to assess performance rates on our mailouts you receive.
Testimonials
Allied Seed may publish a list of Customers & Testimonials on its site with information on customer names and job titles. Allied Seed obtains the authorization of every customer before publishing any testimonial on its website.
Payment Information/Donation Forms
When you pay your invoice or make a donation, that information is directed to our third-party payment processor. We do not store your financial account information on our systems; however, we have access to and may retain, subscriber information through our third-party payment processor.
Uses of Information
In no case does Allied Seed sell, share or rent out your stored data to third parties, nor does it use them for any purposes other than those outlined in this Policy.
Automatic Data Collection (Website Analytics)
As is true of most websites and mobile applications, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect non-identifying information. Google provides some additional privacy options regarding its Analytics cookies at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data, mobile device identifiers, and advertising identifiers. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the site that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page. Pixel tags allow us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement
Behavioral Advertising/Re-Targeting
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. You may opt out of the automated collection of information by third-party ad networks for the purpose of delivering advertisements tailored to your interests, by visiting the consumer opt-out page for the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and edit or opt-out your Google Display Network ads’ preferences at https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the ‘Share This’ button. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our site includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Allied Seed. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Data Retention
Allied Seed collects your personal data for the requirements of carrying out its contractual obligations as well as information about how and when you use our services, and we retain this data in active databases, so long as you use our services. Allied Seed in no way undertakes to store your data indefinitely.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Allied Seed may update this policy from time to time. You can review the most current version of this privacy policy at any time. Your continued use of our site constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to the privacy policy. Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this privacy policy, is to discontinue use of the Site and Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy please Contact Us.