http://www.atm24.com/home/privacystatement
Premium Solution Provider
Expert ATM Strategy
Full Customer Service
800-769-2826 | Email Us
About Us
About Us
Executive Team
Testimonials
Careers
Industries Served
Convenience Stores
Gaming
Grocery
Nightlife / Clubs
Park Entertainment
ATM Solutions
ATM Placement
ATM Ownership
Cash Management
Customer Care Demo
Introduction
Reports
Monitor ATMs
Locations
Admin Tools
Reporting
Maintenance & Repair
Equipment
Nautilus Hyosung
Hantle / Tranax
GenMega
Triton
ATM Support
Compliance
Common Terminology
Error Codes
Hyosung
Hantle / Tranax
GenMega
Triton
FAQs
Help Desk | Call Center
What's New
Blog
Videos
Contact Us
Customer Login
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement was created in order to disclose the information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site, www.atm24.com.
Upon reading this privacy statement, you will know:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site.
The organization collecting the information.
How the information is used.
How to contact IMS for questions regarding user privacy.
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the control of IMS.
International Merchant Services, Inc. (IMS)
IMS is the sole owner of the information it gathers on its web site. We will only share your information with outside parties in ways that are described in this privacy statement or if we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or comply with a legal process served on our web site.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the IMS site coordinator by sending an email message to webinfo@atm24.com or writing to us at the following address:
1331 Airport Freeway, Suite 150
Euless, TX 76040-4150
Contact Us
We use email links located on the Contact Us Form and other areas of the site to allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message we receive and try to reply promptly to each. This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments to improve the web site and program, or review and discard the information. IMS does not share any personal information collected from this website with Third Parties for marketing or solicitation purposes.
Individuals may express interest in learning more about our product offerings through the Contact Us Form.
We collect contact information such as name, company name, email address, and phone number. Demographic data such as job title, state, and products that you are interested in are also collected. This information will be used to follow up with you on your interests. We will contact you once regarding our products and subsequent contacts will be based upon the outcome of the initial contact (i.e. follow up to answer additional questions).
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Occasionally you may be invited to participate in an Online Survey.
The survey asks you various questions with regards to your certification and on-going participation in one of our programs. The answers you provide are anonymous unless you choose to provide us with your contact information. We will use survey data to improve its product and service offerings.
Logged Files and Cookies
This web site logs IP addresses and browser types for systems administration purposes. These logs will be analyzed to improve the value of the materials available on the website. A user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information.
Security
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority at IMS. We have taken careful measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information. Once we receive your information that was entered into our web site, it is stored behind a firewall. All IMS employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs.
Notification of Changes
If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection through this web site, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already collected through our site, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change.
Privacy Polity Compliance
If you feel that IMS has not complied with the policies outlined in this privacy statement please submit your concerns using the Contact Us Form.
Last Updated:
January 8, 2014
Home | About IMS |
ATM Solutions | Contact Us |
Site Map | Privacy Statement
©2020 International Merchant Services, 1331 Airport Freeway Suite 150, Euless TX 76040 | Registered Agent of Citizens Bank, N.A., Providence R.I.