https://www.globallanguageservices.co.uk/privacy-policy
FAQs
Contact Us
Locations
Blog
Careers
Call Us: +44 (0)141 429 3429
Home
About
About Us
Our Team
Accreditations
Clients
Services
View All Services
Interpreting
Translation
Training
Industries
View All
Construction
Advertising
Technology
Tourism
Oil & Gas
Immigration
Food & Drink
Education
Engineering
Manufacturing
Languages
Case Studies
Get A Quote
+44 (0)141 429 3429
Menu
Home
About Us
About Us
Our Team
Accreditations
Clients
Services
Vie All Services
Interpreting
Translation
Training
Industries
Languages
FAQs
Contact Us
Locations
More
Case Studies
Blog
Careers
Get A Quote
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Disclaimer
Terms Of Use
Equal Opportunities And Diversity Policy
Third Country Transfer Policy
Global Language Services Ltd (Global Language Services) (“We”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided by them.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679, the data controller and/or processor is Global Language Services Limited, a company incorporated in Scotland (company number SC218845) which can be contacted at Craig House, 60-64 Darnley Street, Glasgow. G41 2SE or by telephone 0141 429 3429.
Who are we?
Global Language Services is a well-established and successful leading Language Services Agency, incorporated in Scotland in May 2001. The Head Office is based in Glasgow but the adoption of a policy of ‘local demand and local supply’ in Scotland led to the introduction of offices in Edinburgh and Inverness. Face to Face interpreters for both foreign language and British Sign Language are provided throughout Scotland, whilst Telephone Interpreting and Translation services are provided for a wider area.
How do we collect information from you?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about the services that we provide or submit an online quote request for a piece of translation and/or interpretation work. Your information may also be sent to us via your employer, representative or directly from you via email.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include, but is not limited to, the following:
Name (First and Surname)
Email address
Telephone number
Any details found on a document you have asked us to translate such as a Passport form
Company/Organisation name
Current address
All the personal information collected, are relevant and necessary for Global Language Services to perform our obligations thereon.
How is your information used?
We will use the information you give to us to:
– to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us (or employer/legal representative) and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
– to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
– If you are an existing customer, we may contact you by electronic (e-mail) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a prospective customer, you will only be marketed to, if you have explicitly agreed to it.
Global Language Services maintains strict policies to avoid unsolicited correspondence. We may share non-personal aggregate statistics (group) data about our site visitors’ traffic patterns with partners or other parties. However, we do not sell or share any information about individual users.
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us. You may request a copy of our retention policy using the postal address above or mail@globallanguageservices.co.uk
We will retain the personal information we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. Global Language Services will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. While Global Language Services has implemented technical, physical and administrative security measures to help protect against the loss, theft, misuse and unauthorised access of your information that we collect from you, we cannot guarantee that our Clients (your employer or representative) will in like manner follow the terms set forth within this Privacy Policy and can therefore not be held liable for a Client’s actions. If you have questions with regard to how Global Language Services’ Clients handle, process and secure your data, please contact the Client directly for such requests.
Email Marketing
When you fill out a web-form to sign up to download a resource, or enquire about a product, we may ask you to provide certain personal information, including your:
Name
Email address
The organisation you work for
Telephone number
By completing the form and ticking the relevant boxes you are providing your consent for Global Language Services to process your personal data, and this is the legal basis we are relying on to do so.
We will use the information that you give us to send you relevant emails containing Global Language Services news & marketing communications. Your information will be stored by Global Language Services, whose servers are located in the UK.
In addition, if you have enquired about a product or service we will use the information you have given to update our customer relationship management system so one of our consultants or advisors can contact you. This information will also be stored on our internal servers.
Cookies
Global Language Services employs “cookies” to provide a better service to its users. We do not use cookies to store any personally identifying information. We do not use cookies to track user activities beyond our web site. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better, more personalised service.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, visit our full cookies policy. Turning cookies off may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Who has access to your information?
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf: We may pass your information to our third-party service providers, agents, sub-contractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf (for example to process payments or to provide you with an interpreter). However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be assured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the Global Language Services network for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers. However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Your rights
In addition to the company’s safeguards, your personal data is protected in the UK by the Data Protection Act 2018 and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can find more information about your rights here. This states that the data we hold about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. We will endeavour to keep the information you provide up to date, where required, and not retained for longer than is necessary. It will be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people. If you have concerns about the processing of your personal data by Global Language Services, you may contact us at mail@globallanguageservices.co.uk. If you find any inaccuracies with the personal data we retain, we will delete or correct them promptly.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking the relevant boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise that right at any time by contacting us at mail@globallanguageservices.co.uk
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Right to Access Your Information
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides you with the right to access any information held about you. You can assert this right at any time. We will provide a copy of your information, free of charge. However, we do reserve the right to charge a ‘reasonable fee’ when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive. We also reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to comply with further copies of the same information. Any fee will be based on the administrative cost of providing the information. We will endeavour to supply this information without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt. If the request is complex or numerous we can extend this period by a further two months. You will be informed, if this is the case, within one month of the request with an explanation as to why it is necessary.
16 or Under
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission before you provide us with any personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will obtain your consent first and we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy. If your data is transferred outside of the EU it will be done so to allow us to perform any contractual obligations that are required to provide the services you have requested from us. For further information, please refer to our Third Country Transfer Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information is encrypted and protected while in transit with 256 Bit SSL encryption. When you are on a secure page, a padlock icon will appear on the address bar of web browsers such as Google Chrome.
Our websites are scanned on a regular basis for known vulnerabilities including regular malware scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have authorised access to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. Global Language Services cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by e-mail, and you do so at your own risk. Additionally, while we have implemented security measures to help prevent any unauthorised access or disclosure of your information, we cannot assure or guarantee that the information we collect will never be accessed by unauthorised individuals or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
All financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone and we also recommend you change your password regularly.
Security breach notification
Global Language Services shall give notice to each organisation administrator when the organisation’s user information was, or it is reasonably believed to have been, inappropriately accessed as a result of a security breach. Said notice shall be made immediately upon confirmed discovery of the breach (including fulfilling our obligation under the GDPR to notify the ICO within 72 hours) and the time necessary such as to allow Global Language Services to determine the scope of the breach, to identify organisations and individuals affected by the breach, and to restore reasonable integrity of the data system that was breached.
Policy changes
Any changes to this policy will be posted here. Please check back frequently for any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy. This policy was last updated in June 2018.
For whatever reason, should you wish to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s office, as is your right, you can do so by contacting the ICO directly via one of the options on their website https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
If you have any further queries or comments on our Privacy Policy, please send us an email to mail@globallanguageservices.co.uk or write to us at Global Language Services, Craig House, 60-64 Darnley Street, Glasgow, G41 2SE. Any such queries will be passed onto our appointed person. We always welcome your views about our website and our Privacy Policy.
Our appointed person, can be contacted at the postal address provided above, the email address mail@globallanguageservices.co.uk or by telephone 0141 429 3429.