http://www.vault.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Revised: April 3, 2020
Vault is strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users and customers while offering the highest quality products and materials. Accordingly, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions with regard to the collection and use of your personal information. This Privacy Policy discloses what information Vault gathers, how we use it, how to correct or change it, the rights afforded to you under certain data protections laws, and what steps Vault takes to safeguard personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to individuals who access our website (www.vault.com), or our other online services or applications (collectively “website”), or otherwise engage with Vault or provide us with personal information.
What Information Do We Collect About You and Why Do We Collect It?
You can visit some of our online products on our website without giving us any personal information. However, for many of our products, such as our surveys, we request and collect information about you in certain circumstances so that we can provide our users and customers with the most efficient, enhanced, and personalized service. The options you have to provide us with personal information may change, but here are some examples of situations in which you will have the opportunity to provide personal information to us:
Users Accounts and Profiles. When you create a user account through our online products, we need to collect your name, mailing addresses, and/or email addresses. When you set up an individual user account in Vault or Vault Jobs, you may create a profile (“Profile”) that will include the personal information you provide. Your Profile can be viewed by prospective employers and recruiters if that option is selected for your account. If you upload a resume in Vault or Vault Jobs, we may extract information from the resume, and the extracted information may be viewed by prospective employers and recruiters. Generally, this information includes your name and personal contact details, (current and former) employment, education, awards and recognitions, memberships and associations, references, publications, and volunteer work. If you apply to a job advertisement (“Job Ad”), your email address, name, resume/CV and cover letter are sent to the employer (specifically to the email address designated by the employer as the “Apply via Email” address when the employer posted the Job Ad). An employer with appropriate permissions may view the job seeker’s Profile data.
Registration Forms and E-Mail Alerts. Our registration forms will indicate what information is required and what information (if any) is optional. Users may opt to receive email updates, newsletters, and job alerts, as well as emails from selected Vault partners. In these circumstances, we need to collect and use your email address and may request other optional information, such as information on your preferences.
Information Collected from Social Media and Other Websites. If you connect to Vault’s website or online services using third-party websites, including Facebook, Google, Instagram, LinkedIn, or another social media platform or network (each a “Social Networking Site”), we will receive information that you authorize the Social Networking Site to share with us, which may include public profile information, email address, and locale.  When we receive this information, it becomes Vault account information for purposes of your use of Vault’s website or online services. We may also be able to authenticate your account via your use of a third-party website. Any information that we collect from your Social Networking Site account may depend on the privacy settings you have set with the Social Networking Site, so please consult the Social Networking Site’s privacy and data practices. You have the ability to disconnect your Social Networking Site account from your Vault account by adapting the privacy settings in your Social Networking Site account. If you come to Vault’s website or online services through a Social Networking Site, from other websites, or with devices that enable third parties to collect information from or about you, such third parties receive information about you subject to their privacy policies.
Survey Responses and Answers. Vault’s surveys are designed to collect and analyze information about specific industries and individual employers in order to assist customers and other individuals in making decisions about potential employers and careers, to help employers understand their employees’ perspectives, and to inform ourselves and our audience on industry trends and workplace issues. Toward that end, depending on the survey completed, individuals may be asked to provide general contact information (e.g., individual’s name and email), professional and employment-related data (e.g., name of employer, level of experience, department or area of practice, school attended, and office location), and information about their personal work lives and experiences. While most survey questions are optional, a few questions, such as the identification of your employer, may be mandatory and a participant cannot complete the survey without furnishing some background information. The surveys may also include a field in which respondents can provide their name and email address, if they would like to be contacted by us for further questions and/or announcements about the results; this is also purely optional, and Vault does not share or use the information for any other purpose. Last, in order to keep our surveys accurate and relevant, we may change our survey questions from time to time, and we will collect and retain any personal information that you provide in response to a survey question in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Demographic and Sensitive Information. Vault’s surveys may also collect demographic details, which may include special categories of data, such as data related to gender and race. Vault uses this demographic information to analyze the survey participants and, at times, to compare results among different groups of participants. All demographic questions are purely voluntary, and participants will not be penalized for not answering such questions.
Online History and Information Collected Automatically. We also collect and store certain information associated with actions you take while on our website or taking our surveys. For example, when accessing our website or taking one of our surveys, we may collect and retain your IP address, browser type, the times in which you access our website or spend on the survey, and referring website addresses. This helps facilitate your online experience at our website and surveys. In addition, if you apply to a job using Vault, we automatically retain information related to the positions to which you applied and your job application history.  Vault also uses cookies to track usage patterns at our website and on our surveys. Please see below for more detail on our cookies practices.
Consumer Inquiries & Communications. There may be other times that you provide Vault with information about yourself or others. For example, if you communicate with Vault’s helpline or a sales representative, you may provide your personal information, such as contact data (e.g., name, address, telephone, or email) and other personal information related to your communication (e.g., employer, consumer preferences, and interests). We will collect the personal information that we think is reasonably necessary to your inquiry or that is otherwise related to your communication. We will collect and retain such information in accordance with the purposes you provided it, and with our legitimate business interests.
Purchase and Transactional Data. In addition, we may collect and process the following categories of personal information concerning our customers, vendors, suppliers, and similar business contacts: name, contact details, job title, bank account details and financial information (including credit/income history), transaction history, and business correspondence and communications. We process this information to facilitate routine and common business practices, such as those related to sales orders and management, membership services, promotion and quotation submitting, warranty management, credit collection, compliance with legal requirements, tax and accounting purposes, and defense or promotion of our interests and claims.
Who Provides Us With Data and Other Information?
Most often, Vault collects data and information, including personal information, directly from the individual who engages with Vault, such as from the individual who creates a user account and Profile, participates in Vault’s surveys, or submits inquiries to Vault representatives. In certain circumstances, however, we receive personal information on individuals from third-party sources, such as from social media and other online websites (as described above). For example, universities and other educational institutions that partner with Vault may provide student data, including personal information, to Vault so we can assist in creating user accounts for these students. In addition, employers with whom Vault partners may provide us with personal information and other background data on their job applicants so we can assist with their employment recruitment process. Vault will collect and use all personal information provided to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What Do We Do With Collected Information and Survey Data?
Generally, Vault uses the information you provide to us to fulfill your requests and improve our products. We use personal information so that we may register accounts, display or send custom, personalized content to our website visitors and send newsletters, mail, emails, features, surveys, or other updates to our users. A user may, at any time, opt out of receiving such information. We also use collected information to evaluate and administer our products and services, fulfill customer requests, respond to any problems that may arise (such as delivery issues or difficulties in navigating our sites or accessing certain features), as well as to gauge user trends to determine what products and services are most popular with users.  Vault may also use your personal information provided in the surveys in the following manner:
Employer Profiles. With regard to Vault surveys, Vault editors review the feedback provided by surveyed respondents to write a summary of employees’ views about their workplaces. Vault editors may also select representative quotes to include as part of an employer profile. Here, although Vault may seek to minimize the personal information associated with these quotes, respondents should be aware that their comments may be published and avoid including in their comments any personally identifying data or other details that might compromise either their own anonymity or that of any other individual.
Employee/Intern Reviews. For some of Vault’s surveys, comments from survey participants may be published on the website without prior editorial review. In other circumstances, individuals may register with Vault in order to submit reviews, insights, and opinions about their current or former employers or schools. In either case, while an individual’s name is not associated with a quotation or review, the review may be accompanied by general identifiers, where provided, such as office location, position/level, department, or year in which the sur-vey was conducted. The review also identifies whether the survey respondent is a “verified employee” or “verified intern” to indicate that the comment was collected through Vault’s survey process and distinguish it from other user-generated reviews.
Blog Posts, Career Advice, and Other Forums. Vault may use anonymous comments and/or aggregated scores provided to the surveys for the purposes of publishing blog posts or articles; making presentations; or participating in public or private forums or other discussions on employee satisfaction, perceptions of employers, and industry trends.
Research Reports. Vault may use aggregated and de-identified data from our surveys for the purposes of client research, to help employers benchmark themselves against the industry and their peers and/or to gauge relative levels of satisfaction among their own employees. In the event these research reports include the survey’s text feedback, Vault reviews and edits, as necessary, such feedback to seek to minimize the personal information associated with individual respondents’ comments. However, respondents should be aware that their comments may be published or used for research and avoid including details that might compromise their anonymity.
What About De-Identified and Aggregated Data?
Vault creates statistical, aggregated data relating to individuals that participate in our surveys or otherwise access our website. Aggregated data includes data derived from personal information, but which is rendered anonymous and does not identify, or cannot be linked to, any individual. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, Vault uses de-identified and aggregated data to analyze survey responses and our customers, to develop, improve, and market our services, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
How Do We Share Personal Information?
Any personal information that is provided to Vault is made available to its technical agents, service providers, and consultants who make our websites and our products and services available to you. We use affiliated and unaffiliated service providers all over the world (including web servers, cloud storage systems, CRM providers, email services, content support teams, marketing partners, advertising partners, and others) to help us deliver our service and run our business. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us and we do not sell or rent your personal information to another business or a third party. Notwithstanding, we may disclose information to third parties in the following circumstances:
Software Provider. Vault uses a third-party software provider to assist with the administration and maintenance of our online surveys. Vault and the software provider have executed a written agreement that creates confidentiality obligations that limits the software provider’s ability to access, collect, and use any data, including personal information, transmitted as part of the services.
Required Disclosures: We may be required to disclose personal information with courts, tribunals, and opposing or other related parties to such proceedings and their professional advisors, in response to a court order, subpoena, civil discovery request, other legal process, or as otherwise required by law.
Legal Compliance and Protecting Vault’s Interests: We may disclose your personal information with any third party when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the rights, interests, property, or safety of Vault. We reserve the right to investigate any fraudulent or other activities involving Vault’s property or interests and to disclose any information reasonably necessary for any of these purposes, including to law enforcement or regulatory authorities and with any other organization.
Corporate Restructuring. We may disclose your personal information in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Vault’s business or assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which your personal information held by Vault is among the assets transferred.
How Do We Use Cookies and other Online Tools and Services?
Your Web browser offers so-called “cookies” which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best. Cookies also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser and our websites are viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser. However, if you disable cookies, some features or offerings will not be available to you.
Vault works with third parties, such as Google Ad Manager, to provide you with personalized, interest-based advertising. Vault also works with Google Analytics, to provide analytics services that use the cookies set on your device to measure the performance of advertising and track traffic to Vault generally. We have also implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which categorizes cookie information so that we and third-party service providers can better deliver advertisements that are relevant and useful to you on the platform and various websites across the internet. We also use Firebase, which is Google’s integrated app-developer platform that furnishes app reports when they appear in the Firebase console and in Google’s other app-centric products that connect with one another through Firebase.  The reports provide us comprehensive in-app behavioral and marketing analytics for mobile apps; insight into how our users engage with our products, and allow us to create audiences and connect with third-party networks.
For more information about how Google uses data from sites that use their services, see “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps,” available at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To learn about Google Analytics' opt-out services, see https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
We work with AddThis, a third party, to provide sharing tools and analytics services. AddThis uses cookies. To learn more about AddThis’s privacy policy and opt-out options, see http://www.addthis.com/privacy and http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out.
You are also able to opt out of other third-party advertiser and ad network placement of cookies or targeted advertising generally by visiting the following links: Network Advertising Initiative; Digital Advertising Alliance; European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (for users in the EU); or The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (for users in Canada).
What Is Our Data Retention Policy and Criteria?
Vault retains your personal information for the time period reasonably necessary to satisfy the purpose for which it was collected or as long as necessary to comply with legal obligations or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim. For our customers, vendors, suppliers, and other business contacts, we retain your personal information for the duration needed to complete or facilitate our contract, agreement or engagement, and for a reasonable amount of time thereafter in accordance with our legitimate business needs and functions. We will retain survey results for the length of time needed to validate its conclusions, or to the extent relevant to future surveys, studies, or research. Vault does not have any retention control with regard to reports that have been made publicly available or provided to other third-parties.
Where Is Your Personal Information Transferred and Stored?
The information (including personal information) that Vault collects, uses, and retains may be stored in multiple countries, including the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information you submit will be transferred to the United States, and that the United States may not provide the same level of protections as the laws in your country. In addition, Vault does *not* participate in the U.S. Privacy Shield program. By continuing to provide us such information you hereby consent to the transfer of your information to the United States, or other Vault locations.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Vault has implemented commercially reasonable steps to protect the personal information it collects from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please note that despite our reasonable efforts, no security measure is ever perfect or impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee the full security of your personal information. In other words, you provide us with your personal information at your own risk. We disclaim any liability, and you agree to not hold us responsible, for the loss, misuse, or compromise of your personal information.
Your Responsibilities and Representations
With regard to any personal information that you provide Vault, regardless of whether that personal information relates to you or a third party, you hereby represent and warrant to Vault that (i) such personal information is accurate and complete, (ii) you have the lawful basis to provide Vault with such personal information, and (iii) you have provided this privacy notice to, and received consent from, any third party whose personal information you have provided to us. Survey respondents, and other users of Vault’s services, acknowledge and agree that any and all survey results may be provided, to the extent set forth in this Privacy Policy, to their employer, included in public research, and described in private or public forums, and you (or your agents or representatives) will not, under any circumstances, seek to hold Vault liable for any harm, loss or damages arising from the same.
Your Rights and Privileges
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may have the following rights with respect to the personal information we hold about you. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us in accordance with the instructions provided below in the “Contact Information” section. We may need to collect and process information about you solely for the purpose of responding to, and satisfying, any such data request.
Updating Personal Information and Marketing. We offer several ways for you to update your contact information or change your preferences. If you are a registered user at our websites, you will be able to log in and update or change your contact or account information. You may unsubscribe to any of our online email updates by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any message.
Parental Rights. Our website and our services are not directed to children under sixteen (16) years of age. By using this website, or otherwise engaging with Vault, you represent and warrant to Vault that you are over the age of sixteen (16). If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under sixteen (16) without parental consent or a lawful basis, we will delete that information immediately upon notice. If you believe we may have erroneously collected information from or about a child under sixteen (16), please contact us in accordance with the instructions provided below in the “Contact Information” section.
California Data Privacy Disclaimer. Pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information to obtain products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. Vault does not, at any time, share your personal information with a third party with whom we know or have reason to believe uses the personal information to undertake independent direct marketing. Vault is not a “business” or “service provider” within the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) and is not subject to, and will not process, data rights requests made pursuant to the CCPA.
Nevada Privacy Rights. Pursuant to Nevada law, a “consumer” (as the term is defined therein) may, at any time, submit a verified request through a designated request address to an “operator” directing the “operator” not to make any sale of any of his or her personal data that the “operator” has collected or will collect about the consumer. For clarity purposes, Vault does not sell your personal information.
Do Not Track Responses. Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature, which permits you inform websites you visit that you do not want them to track your online activity. These features are not yet uniform across browsers. Therefore, Vault’s website is not able to respond to “Do Not Track” browser requests.
European Economic Area Privacy Rights. If your personal information is subject to, or otherwise afforded protection under, the European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may have additional rights or privileges. For example, to the extent permitted by the GDPR or EU Member State law, you may access the personal information we hold about you; request that inaccurate, outdated, or no longer necessary information be corrected, erased, or restricted; and request that we provide your personal information in a format that allows you to transfer it to another service provider. You also may withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on your consent for the processing of your personal information. If you wish to exercise these rights, you can do so at any time by contacting us at support@Vault.com. However, please note that these rights are not absolute, and, for example, withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. Vault processes personal information in accordance with the legal bases set forth in the GDPR. For example, our processing of personal information (as described herein) is justified based on the following GDPR statutory provisions: (1) processing is based on the consent; (2) processing is necessary for Vault’s legitimate interests as set out herein; (3) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party; and (4) Vault is required to comply with a legal or statutory obligation in the EU or a Member State. However, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to keep any information in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users and to comply with a changing environment. We recommend that you check the Privacy Policy when you visit our site to be sure you are aware of and understand our current Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how we will use or collect your personally identifiable information, we will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please email us at support@Vault.com. Please include the URL of the website and/or name of the publication/product involved in your request.
Log In
Or Sign Up
Forgot Password?
Keep me logged in
OR
Log in with Facebook
Log in with Google
Are you a student?You may have FREE access.
Vault partners with thousands of colleges, universities and academic institutions to provide students with FREE access to our premium content. To determine if your school is a partner, please enter your school email address below.
Submit
Forgot Password?
Or Log In
Enter the email address associated with your account, and we will email you instructions for re-setting your password.
Email Address required.
Send Password
Need more help? Contact Customer Service at customerservice@vault.com
Create Account
Or Log In
Sign Up with Facebook
Sign Up with Google
OR
I am a Student
I am a Professional
Continue
Are you a student?You may have FREE access.
Vault partners with thousands of colleges, universities and academic institutions to provide students with FREE access to our premium content. To determine if your school is a partner, please enter your school email address below.
Submit
Create Account
Or Log In
Years of Experience
Less than 1 year
1 year
to 3 years
3 years to 5 years
5 years to 7 years
7 years to 10 years
10 years to 15 years
More than 15 years
Professional Level
Entry Level
Mid Level
Experienced (Non-manager)
Manager (Manager, Supervisor of Staff)
Executive (SVP, VP, Department Head)
Current Level
First year
Second year
Third year
Fourth year
Other
Expected Graduation Year
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
United States
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOWINA
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
CHRISTMAS ISLAND
COCOS (KEELING) ISLANDS
Colombia
Comoros
CONGO
CONGO, THE DRC
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
CROATIA (local name: Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
EAST TIMOR
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
FALKLAND ISLANDS (MALVINAS)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
FRANCE, METROPOLITAN
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
GEORGIA
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
HOLY SEE (VATICAN CITY STATE)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
IRAN (ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF)
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
KOREA, D.P.R.O.
KOREA, REPUBLIC OF
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
LIBYAN ARAB JAMAHIRIYA
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
MACEDONIA
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
MICRONESIA, FEDERATED STATES OF
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
MONTENEGRO
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
PITCAIRN
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
SERBIA
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
SOUTH GEORGIA AND SOUTH S.S.
SOUTH SUDAN
Spain
Sri Lanka
ST. HELENA
ST. PIERRE AND MIQUELON
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
TOKELAU
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. MINOR ISLANDS
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
VIET NAM
Virgin Islands (british)
Virgin Islands (u.s.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Areas of Interest (check all that apply):
Accounting
Advertising and Marketing
Aerospace
Agriculture
Airlines
Alternative Energy
Alternative Health Care
Animation
Architecture
Automotives Manufacturing
Biology and Life Sciences
Book Publishing
Business Administration and Management
Casinos and Casino Hotels
Chemicals
Chemistry
Child Care
Comic Books and Graphic Novels
Commercial Banking and Financial Services
Computer and Video Game Design
Computer Hardware
Computer Software
Construction
Consulting
Cosmetology
Dance
Defense
Dental Care
Design
Earth Sciences
Education
Elder Care
Electronics Manufacturing
Energy
Engineering
Entrepreneurship
Environmental Science and Conservation
Event Planning
Facilities Management
Fashion and Apparel
Film
Fire Fighting
Fitness and Sports Training and Coaching
Food and Beverage Production
Foreign Languages and Studies
Foreign Trade
Forestry and Forest Products
General Consumer Products
Government
Health Care Management
Health Care Providers
Hospitality
Human Resources
Import Export
Information Technology
Insurance
Internet Content
Internet Services and Security
Investment Management
Journalism
Law
Letter and Package Delivery
Library and Information Services
Machining and Machinery
Manufacturing
Mathematics and Physics
Media and Entertainment
Medical Equipment Manufacturing
Metals
Military Services
Mining
Museums and Cultural Centers
Music
Nanotechnology
Newspapers and Magazines
Nonprofit Sector
Nuclear Power
Oil and Gas
Packaging
Parks and Public Lands
Personal Care
Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology
Photography
Plastics
Politics, Public Policy, and Activism
Printing
Public Relations
Public Safety
Pulp and Paper
Radio
Railroads
Real Estate
Recording Industry
Religious Ministries
Restaurants and Food Services
Retail
Rubber
Sales
Security and Investigation
Shipping
Social Media
Social Sciences
Social Services
Space Exploration
Sports
Staffing and Human Resources
Stone, Concrete, Ceramics, and Glass
Telecommunications
Television
Textiles
Theater
Toys and Games
Travel and Leisure
Trucking
Utilities
Veterinary Medicine and Animal Care
Visual Arts
Waste Management
Wholesale
Writing and Editing
Create Account
Or
Log In
Basic
Free
Gold
As low as
$10.99
/week
/week
Get seen by top employers
Receive targeted job alerts
Submit a review
Vault's career advice newsletter
Exclusive employee survey data
Expert company reviews
In-depth industry and profession profiles
Career Q&A Videos
Thousands of intern reviews
Join
Subscribe
GOLD
Why Become a Gold Member?
Vault's premium subscription service, Vault Gold, is the key to our most valuable career information.
Research Companies
Company profiles include full reviews and ratings of industry reputation, quality of life, salary, career advancement and diversity.
Explore Careers
Industry & Profession profiles include background, on the job, tips to entry, outlook and interviews with industry experts.
Ratings & Reviews
Thousands of ratings and reviews from the people that matter most — the employees, students and interns themselves.
Related InformationOliver Wyman Internship OpportunitiesCVS Health Corporation Internship OpportunitiesBlackstone Internship Opportunities