http://www.ripleesranch.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
DOGS
Kibble
Turkey
Lamb
Fish
Canned
Chicken
Turkey
Salmon
Treats
View All
CATS
ABOUT
About Us
Fan Club
CONTACT US
DISTRIBUTOR LOCATOR
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Cart
Close cart
FREE CANADA-WIDE SHIPPING on $25+ purchases • Shop now
The privacy policy applies to personal information that may be collected when you interact with www.ripleesranch.com. Protecting the privacy and security of your personal information is a priority to Riplee’s Ranch Pet Foods Inc. Below are the details about how we will use your personal information, and how we will protect it. By doing business or interacting with our website www.ripleesranch.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of all your personal information as described.I. What is the personal information that we collect?Personal information allows Riplee’s Ranch to identify you as an individual customer, allowing us to contact you, or provide services for you. This may include your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, phone number, pets, or credit card information.II. How we collect your personal information?Information that you provide Riplee’s Ranch does not require your personal information for you to browse and search our site. However, there are circumstances in which we will require personal information. This may include making a purchase or placing an order online or in store, registering, or signing up for newsletters.Information automatically collected – Whenever you visit our website, we automatically record information about the different pages that you searched, what time you searched, and the duration of your visit to our site. This does not include personal information, rather we evaluate customer use of the site in general; identifying trends, improving usability, and serving you better.III. CookiesRiplee's Ranch uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you register with Riplee’s Ranch site or services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the our website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.Riplee’s Ranch collects personal information in an effort to personalize your shopping experience, to provide you with exceptional customer service, and to administer business. Your personal information allows us to communicate effectively about promotions, special offers, events, and other news that may be of interest to you.IV. How we use your personal information.Riplee’s Ranch uses your personal information to provide you with exceptional customer service on the site, in the store, and to administer business. We use your personal information to:Communicate with you about sales, events, promotions, or new products that may be of interest to you;Manage our business;RIPLEE’S RANCH DOES NOT SELL OR RENT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES. We may provide information to third party service providers, or agents that work on our behalf. These parties do not have the right to use your personal information in any way that is not authorized by Riplee’s Ranch. They are contractually obligated to protect and use your information only as necessary to assist Riplee’s Ranch (ie. parcel delivery, payment serves, etc).V. How do we respect your personal information?Riplee’s Ranch takes necessary steps to protect your information against unauthorized access using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your online order information. We respect your personal information, and we will take necessary measures to ensure your privacy.Riplee’s Ranch also recognizes and respects customers who do not wish to receive any promotional material, newsletters, current events, etc. If you wish to opt out of any programs, please email us info@ripleesranch.com "Opt-out" as your subject heading.VI. What is SSL Technology?Riplee’s Ranch uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to provide you with the safest, most secure shopping experience possible. SSL technology enables encryption (scrambling) of sensitive information, including passwords and credit card numbers, during your online transactions.If you have further questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@ripleesranch.com
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"