https://www.alliancelumber.com/privacy-policy/
Submit Plans
Credit Application
Newsletter & Promotions
Project Gallery
Employee Login
Contact Us
623.931.2240
facebook
plus
linkedin
Home
Privacy Policy
We recognize that our customers’ privacy is important and we take it seriously. This Privacy Policy describes how we use identifiable information regarding our customers and members that is acquired through your use of our Web site. It does not apply to any other information you may choose to provide us in any other context (e.g., by mail, in person, over the telephone, etc.). Primarily, we collect such information for the purpose of providing you with an outstanding service experience. We do not sell or rent your personal information to any third parties.
By providing us with your personal information and by using this Web site, you accept this Privacy Policy and expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect: You may visit our site without providing any personal information. However, if you choose to use our services or request that we send information to you, you may be asked to supply personally identifiable information (such as your name, title, company name, industry, address, email address, and telephone numbers). For example, we use forms on this site to allow you to contact us directly via email. We use the information provided in your email to respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your comments for future reference. Similarly, we use the information you choose to provide us to allow you to receive e-mail newsletters or receive further information about our products. Providing this information is completely voluntary; we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. In addition to the personally identifying information discussed above, anonymous information is collected for every visitor to this site. This includes pages viewed, date and time, and browser type. IP numbers are not stored, but are temporarily used to determine domain type and in some cases, geographic region. We do not make any association between this information and a visitor’s identity. We use cookies to identify your browser as you visit pages on this site. Additionally, our Web site employs the use of cookies in certain areas. Cookies are small bits of information stored on your browser. Cookies enable browsers to “remember” information related to a specific user, and also improve navigational reliability within a given site.
Who We May Share Your Information With: We may share your information with third party intermediaries for the purpose of providing you the services and information you request. For example, we may provide your personal information to vendors processing our outbound email communication or to shipping companies (e.g., FedEx, U.S. Mail, etc.) to deliver you the materials you request. Naturally, if we are required by court order, a lawfully issued subpoena, or are otherwise required by law, we will disclose your information to the extent so required.
How To Change Your Information: Should you wish to update the information submitted, you may do so by emailing info@alliancelumber.com. In addition, Members are able to update their info using their username and password in the Update Profile page of the Members section.
How We Notify You Of Changes To This Policy: We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time and will notify users of this Web site by posting the amended terms on the Web site.
Security Disclaimer: It is commonly known that information transferred over the Internet is never 100% secure. For example, such information may be viewed by a third party while in transit or may be unlawfully accessed by a third party who hacks into an otherwise protected computer. Consequently, although we endeavor to protect the privacy of your private information, you acknowledge that there are security and confidentiality risks associated with the Internet which are beyond our control and that the safekeeping of information exchanged between us over the Internet cannot be absolutely guaranteed.
For more information: This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 24, 2006 and is effective as of that date. If you have any questions, concerns or comments, please e-mail info@alliancelumber.com.
Copyright ©2015 Alliance lumber. All right reserved.
Go to top