https://www.brushtec.com/terms-and-conditions/
You are here: Home » Terms and Conditions
By accessing this site, you signify your agreement with and understanding of the following terms of use and legal restrictions pertaining to both thissite and the material in it.
Copyright
All logos, images and trademarks mentioned herein belong to their respective owners. All pages on this web site are the property of Brush Technology Ltd. You may not otherwise copy or transmit the contents of this website either electronically or in hard copies. You may not alter the content of this website in any manner. If you are interested in using the contents of this website in any manner except as described elsewhere in this document, please contact webmaster, for information on licensing.
Disclaimer
Brush Technology Ltd makes every effort to ensure that information contained in these pages is accurate and up to date. However, no liability is accepted arising from reliance upon the information contained in these pages or any other information accessedvia these web pages.
Links to external sites
This site may contain links to other sites. Brush Technology Ltd is not responsible for any content that appears on these linked sites.
For Standard Conditions of Sale for Goods click here
For Standard conditions of purchase click here
News
New Online Shop
Brushtec has now launched a new online shop!    …
Read more »
Read more
Product focus on municipal cylinder brush.
Brushtec is producing an updated range of aftermarket municipal brushes….
Read more »
Read more
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.