https://www.milfordbank.com/resources/funds-availability-policy/
Best wishes for a happy & healthy
holiday season from our
family to yours!
Holiday Hours (all Offices and Departments):
Thursday 12-24, Closing at 3:00 pm Friday 12-25, Closed
Thursday 12-31, Closing at 3:00 pm Friday 01-01, Closed
Electronic services— ATMs, Internet Banking, Mobile Banking and Telephone Banking will be available for your convenience.
Funds Availability Policy DisclosureYou are here: Home / Resources / Funds Availability Policy Disclosure
Safe, Strong, Secure…Since 1872
Compliance Lobby Signs
Funds Availability Policy Disclosure
The information here describes our policy of holding deposited items in an account before funds are made available to you for withdrawal. This is our Funds Availability Policy. In summary our policy is to make your funds available on the second Business Day after the day of deposit. Please refer to the section DETERMINING THE AVAILABILITY OF YOUR DEPOSIT for the complete policy.
For purposes of this disclosure, the terms “you”/ “your” refer to the customer and the terms “our”/ “we”/ “us” refer to The Milford Bank. The term “account” includes any demand deposit, negotiable order of withdrawal account, savings deposit, money market account or other non-time deposit account.
DETERMINING THE AVAILABILITY OF YOUR DEPOSIT
The length of the delay varies on the type of deposit and is explained below. When we delay your ability to withdraw funds from a deposit, you may not withdraw the funds in cash, and we will not pay checks you have written on your account by using these funds. Even after we have made funds available to you and you have withdrawn the funds, you are still responsible for checks you deposit that are returned to us unpaid and for any other problems involving your deposit.
When we delay your ability to withdrawn funds, the length of the delay is counted in Business Days from the day of your deposit. The term “Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or federally ded legal holiday, and the term “Banking Day” means that part of any Business Day on which we are open to the public for carrying on substantially all our banking functions.
If you make a deposit before 2:00 p.m. on a business day that we are open, we will consider that day to be the day of your deposit. However, if you make a deposit after 2:00 p.m. or on a day we are not open, we will consider the deposit made on the next Business Day we are open.
AVAILABILITY SCHEDULE
Same Day Availability. Funds from electronic deposits to your account will be available on the day we receive the deposit. In addition funds from deposits of cash (if made in person to an employee of The Milford Bank*), and wire transfers, will also be available on the day of deposit.
Next Day Availability. Funds from deposits of U.S. Treasury checks (if payable to you and deposited into your account), U.S. Postal Service Money Orders (if payable to your and deposited into your account, and the deposit is made in person to an employee of The Milford Bank*), Federal Reserve Bank or Federal Home Loan Bank checks (if payable to your and deposited into your account, and the deposit is made in person to an employee of The Milford Bank*), State or local Government checks (if payable to your and deposited into your account, and the deposit is made in person to an employee of The Milford Bank*), Cashier’s, Certified, or Teller’s checks (if payable to you and deposited into your account, and the deposit is made in person to an employee of The Milford Bank*), and checks drawn on us are available on the first Business Day after the day of deposit.
*If your do not make your deposit in person to one of our employees (for example, if you mail the deposit), funds from these deposits will be available on the second Business Day after the date of your deposit.
Other Check Deposits. Funds from all other check deposits will be available will be available on the second Business Day after the day of your deposit. The first $225.00 of your deposits, however, will be available on the first Business Day after the day of deposit.
HOLD ON OTHER FUNDS FOR CHECK CASHING
If we cash a check for you that is drawn on another financial institution, we may withhold the availability of a corresponding amount of funds that are already in your account. Those funds will be available at the time funds from the check we cashed would have been available if you had deposited it and we decided to delay availability on the deposit.
HOLDS ON OTHER FUNDS IN ANOTHER ACCOUNT
If we accept for deposit a check that is drawn on another financial institution, we may make funds from the deposit available for withdrawal immediately but delay your availability to withdraw a corresponding amount of funds that you have on deposit in another account with us. The funds in the other account would then not be available for withdrawal until the time periods that are described elsewhere in this disclosure for the type of check that you deposited and we decided to delay availability on the deposit.
LONGER DELAYS MAY APPLY
Funds you deposit by check may be delayed for a longer period under the following circumstances: (a) if we believe a check you deposit will not be paid; (b) if you deposit checks totaling more than $5,525 on any one day; (c) if you redeposit a check that has been returned unpaid; (d) if you have overdrawn your account repeatedly in the last six months; or (e) if an emergency condition arises that would not enable us to make the funds available to you, such as the failure of computer or communications equipment.
We will notify you if we delay your ability to withdraw funds for any of these reasons, and we will tell you when the funds will be available. They will generally be available no later than the SEVENTH business day after the day of your deposit. If you will need the funds form a deposit right away, you should ask us when the funds will be available.
SPECIAL RULES FOR NEW ACCOUNTS
If you are a new customer, the following special rules may apply during the first 30 days your account is open.
Funds from electronic direct deposits to your account will be available on the day we receive the deposit. Funds from deposits of cash, wire transfers and the first $5,525 of a day’s total deposits of cashier’s, certified, teller’s, traveler’s and federal, state and local government checks will be available on the first Business Day after the day of your deposit if the deposit meets certain conditions. For example, the checks must be payable to you (and you may have to use a special deposit slip). The excess over $5,525 will be available on the SEVENTH Business Day after the day of your deposit. If your deposit of these checks (other than a U.S. Treasury check) is not made in person to one of our employees, the first $5,525 will not be available until the second Business Day after the day of deposit.
Funds from all other check deposits will be available on the SEVENTH business day after the day of your deposit.
Popular Links
Home Mortgage Prequalification Form
Reorder Checks
Meet our Business Banking Team
Mortgage Rates
Meet Our Mortgage Specialists
Latest NewsCreating Strong Passwords To Keep Your Digital Accounts SafeDecember 7, 2020 - 4:48 pmSafe Shopping Tips for the HolidaysNovember 25, 2020 - 2:23 pmHow to Avoid Job ScamsNovember 20, 2020 - 5:00 pmFollowon TwitterSubscribeto RSS Feed
Resources
Compliance Lobby Signs
Accessibility Policy
Website Accessibility Policy
How TMB Protects You
Privacy Statement
Financial Calculators
Site Map
Internet Rules
Employee Area
Contact Us
Contact Information Main Phone Numbers
Local: 203-783-5700
24 Hour Automated Account Information 1 (800)-340-4862
Lost or Stolen ATM/Visa Check Card
Toll-free 1 (800)-554-8969
Mailing Address
33 Broad Street
Milford, CT 06460
Routing Number
211170211
LOCATIONS
33 Broad St, Milford
259 Merwin Ave, Milford
205 Bridgeport Ave, Milford
1455 Boston Post Rd, Milford
295 Boston Post Rd, Milford
3651 Main St, Stratford
Loan Production Office
ATM Locations
eNews Sign Up Click here to sign up for security alerts, find out about upcoming events or receive a copy of our customer newsletter.
SIGNUP NOW
Zero spam policy. Opt out any time.
You are now leaving The Milford Bank. You will be automatically redirected.
Links to third-party sites are provided for your convenience only. These sites are not within the control of The Milford Bank and may not follow the same privacy, security, or accessibility standards as The Milford Bank. The Milford Bank does not endorse or guarantee any offerings from the third party providers, nor is The Milford Bank responsible for the security, content or availability of any third-party sites, or their partners.
Continue
Cancel
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Close
Account Enroll
Blog
Branch Locations
Business
Business Loans
Checking, Savings, CDs & Money Markets
Condo Association Loan Program
Financial Planning & Investment Services
Infinex Business
Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts
Meet Our Lenders
Merchant Services
Other Business Services
Paycheck Protection Program Loan
Contact
Contact2
Homepage – Milford Bank
Inside the Bank
Bank Holidays
Community Relations & Events
Community Services
Customer Newsletters
Employment Opportunities
eNews Sign Up
eNews Unsubscribe
Event Photos
Green Fair
Highlights and Happenings Newsletter
eNews Sign Up – Thank You!
Meet The President
Meet The President 2
Meet the Team
Milford Moves 2015
Milford Moves 5K
Our History
Press Releases
The Milford Bank Foundation
COVID-19 Update
Winter Wonderland Festival
Main Template
Milford Bank Security
Milford Bank Security – Good
Mortgages & Loans
Help for First Time Homebuyers
Home Equity and Consumer Loan Rates
Home Equity Loans and Credit Lines
Home Mortgage Prequalification Form
Loan Products
Meet Our Mortgage Specialists
Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rates Backup
Mortgage Services
Apply Now
The Mortgage Process
Types of Rates
Other Services
Card Valet
Credit Sense
Digital Wallet
eServices
eStatements
Even More Services
Financial Calculators
Mobile Banking
Notifi
Online Banking FAQs
Online Banking for Business
Online Banking for Business
Online Banking for Business
Online Banking for Business – Sign Up
Online Services
Personal Online Banking
Plinqit
Reorder Checks Online
Telephone Banking
Zelle
Zelle – Backup
Zelle FAQ – Backup
Zelle Frequently Asked Questions
Pages
Blank Pages
Maintenance Mode
Pay My Loan
Personal Banking
Cent$ible Kid$
Cent$ible Kid$ Games –
Cash Puzzler
Cent$ible Kid$ Games – Ed’s Bank
Cent$ible Kid$ Games – Road Trip
Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service – CDARS
Certificates of Deposit – CDs
Financial Planning & Investment Services
Insurance Services
IRAs
Kasasa Cash
Kasasa Cash Back
Kasasa Personal Checking
Kasasa Saver
Kasasa Tunes
Other Personal Services
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Schedule of Interest for Deposit Accounts
Resources
Community Reinvestment Act Notice
Connecticut Privacy Protection Policy
Contact
Equal Housing Lender
Funds Availability Policy Disclosure
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act Notice
How TMB Protects You
Internet Usage Rules
Lobby Signs
Privacy Statement
State of Connecticut Community Reinvestment Notice
Summary of Policy
Website Accessibility
Site Map
TMB Financial Solutions
Account Access
Community
Contact Us
Making The Most Of Social Security
Our Process
Services
Team
Scroll to top
Click to listen highlighted text!