http://www.neuhaus.be/en/doormat/privacy-and-security/privacy-policy/
We use cookies to give you the best possible service on our site. By continuing to use the site you consent to our use of cookies.
Click here to find out more.
Order in time for Christmas and enjoy free shipping from 45€ to 19 EU countries | Due to rush times, delivery can take longer
Order in time for Christmas and enjoy free shipping from 45€ to 19 EU countries
Loading...
Added to Shoppingbasket
Go to Shoppingbasket
Shipping to
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom
United States
Neuhaus
Privacy and Security
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated on Tuesday 22 May 2018
This "Privacy Policy" governs the processing of your personal data by NEUHAUS nv, with registered office at Postweg 2, 1602 Sint-Pieters-Leeuw and entered in the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under number BE0406.774.844 (hereinafter: “NEUHAUS"). Read this Privacy Policy through carefully, because it contains essential information on the processing of your personal data and on which cookies are used. By using the website, which can be accessed at the following address: www.neuhaus.be (hereinafter: “the Website”); by applying for a job, sending a complaint, question or comment to Neuhaus; by entering into a contractual relationship with Neuhaus, you declare that you are aware of this Privacy Policy and that you expressly agree with its contents and give your consent to the data processing itself.
Article 1 – General
1.1. NEUHAUS complies with the “Law of 8 December 1992 on the protection of personal of privacy in relation to the processing of personal data”, as amended by the Law of 11 December 1998 and the anti-spam provisions of Volume XII of the Economic Law Code concerning the “law of the electronic economy”.
1.2. By means of this Privacy Policy NEUHAUS is also complying with European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of personal data.
Article 2 – Personal data
2.1. Personal data that you disclose to us:
Category 1: without registering on the Website: your IP address and cookies using Google Analytics;
Category 2: your surname, first name, e-mail address, telephone number (if applicable), address (if applicable) and all other personal data that you have entered in our contact form on the website or in your e-mail sent directly to us.
Category 3: your surname (if applicable); first name (if applicable) and e-mail address if you register via the Website for our newsletter;
Category 4: your sex, surname, first name, e-mail address, telephone number, delivery address, company registration number and VAT registration number (if applicable) if you place an order via the Website.
Category 5: your surname, first name, e-mail address, date of birth,telephone number (if applicable), address (if applicable) and all other personal data when you subsribe as a Neuhaus-Insider in a Neuhaus Boutique.
2.2. Neuhaus may collect data from you (Personal Data) in various ways:
a. through the use of cookies (see below);
b. when you provide personal data in order to use the Website;
c. When you provide personal data needed to execute a contract to which the relevant person is a party or to take steps at the request of the relevant person before a contract is concluded.
d. that you specified when you had yourself registered in one of our boutiques
Article 3 - Purpose of data processing
3.1. General purposes:
NEUHAUS will use the Personal Data collected from you only for the following purposes:
Category 1: to provide and improve this Website and include Personal Data in anonymous statistics, from which the identity of specific persons or companies cannot be ascertained, the legal basis being the legitimate interest of NEUHAUS in continuously improving its Website and the service it provides;
Category 2: to answer the message that you send us via our contact section. The legal basis being your express consent;
Category 3: to send our newsletters and targeted advertisements, your express prior consent forming the legal basis for this;
Category 4: to dispatch your order, the legal basis being the execution of an agreement which has been requested by you.
You are not obliged to disclose Your Personal Data, but you understand that the provision of certain services is impossible if You refuse to provide the data.
3.2. Direct marketing:
The personal data will also be used for direct marketing, provided You have given an additional express consent for this (“opt-in”).
If you have already been included on our circulation list to receive marketing material in paper and/or electronic form, NEUHAUS may use your data to send marketing and other material about NEUHAUS, its products and/or services. NEUHAUS may use the data provided by you to update documents retained by NEUHAUS.
This consent may be withdrawn at any time, without stating a reason and free of charge, for example by clicking on the unsubscribe link which is provided for that purpose at the bottom of every promotional e-mail message.
3.3. Disclosure to third parties:
In case of entire or partial reorganisation or transfer of the business of NEUHAUS, in which it reorganises or transfers its business activities, ceases trading or if NEUHAUS goes bankrupt, this may mean that your information is transferred to new entities or to third parties that carry out all or some of the business activities of NEUHAUS.
NEUHAUS shall make reasonable efforts to inform you beforehand that NEUHAUS is disclosing your data to the said third party, but you also acknowledge that this is not technically or commercially feasible under all circumstances.
NEUHAUS will not sell, hire out or distribute your Personal Data or otherwise make it commercially available to third parties, except as described above or unless you have given prior consent for this.
3.4. Legal requirements:
In rare cases, it may occur that NEUHAUS has to disclose your Personal Data because of a court order or in order to meet other compulsory legal or regulatory requirements. NEUHAUS shall make reasonable efforts to inform you of this beforehand, unless this is subject to legal restrictions.
Article 4 - Duration of data processing
The personal data are retained and processed by us for a period that is necessary for the purposes of processing and on the basis of the contractual relationship between NEUHAUS and you.
When applying for a job at Neuhaus and you send us your personal data, we will store your data until the end of the application process.
If your profile matches our requirements for future vacancies, we will keep your personal data for 1 year in order to be able to contact you at that occasion,
If your application has not been withhold, we will erase all your personal data from our systems once the application process has
Article 5 – Your rights
5.1. Right of access and information:
You have the right to be informed at any time of your personal data and of the way in which We use Your personal data.
5.2. Right of rectification, erasure and restriction:
You are free to disclose Your personal data to NEUHAUS or not. You also have the right to ask Us at any time to rectify, complete or erase your personal data. You acknowledge that if You refuse to disclose your personal data or ask for it to be erased, certain services and products cannot be provided.
You may also ask for the processing of your Personal Data to be restricted.
5.3. Right to object:
You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for serious and legitimate reasons.
You also have the right, at any time, to object to the use of personal data for direct marketing purposes; in such cases you do not have to give reasons.
5.4. Right to free data portability:
You have the right to obtain your Personal Data that is processed by Us in a structured, current and machine-readable form and/or to to have it transferred to other Controllers.
5.5. Right to withdraw your consent:
Insofar as the processing of your data is based on your prior consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent.
5.6. Exercising your rights:
You can exercise your rights by contacting us, either by e-mail to customercare@neuhaus.be by post to NEUHAUS, Postweg 2, 1602 Vlezenbeek or by using the “Contact us” section of the Website, as long as a copy of Your identity card is enclosed.
5.7. Automatic decisions and profiling:
Processing of Your Personal Data includes profiling.
This means that Neuhaus may send you personalised offers and advertisements on the basis of your purchasing history. You have the right to object to this profiling free of charge at any time. You can do this by sending an e-mail to customercare@neuhaus.be.
5.8. Right to file a complaint:
You have the right to file a complaint with the Belgian Privacy Commission: Belgian Commission for the Protection of Privacy, Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussels, Tel +32 (0)2 274 48 00, Fax +32 (0)2 274 48 35, e-mail: commission@privacycommission.be.
This is without prejudice to any action in a civil court.
If You suffer any damages as a result of the processing of Your personal data, you can file a claim for compensation.
Article 6 - Security and confidentiality
6.1. We have developed technically and organisationally appropriate safety measures to avoid the destruction, loss, falsification, alteration, unauthorised access or accidental disclosure to third parties of personal data collected and also any other unauthorised processing of such data.
6.2. NEUHAUS cannot be held liable under any circumstances for any direct or indirect damages arising from incorrect or unlawful use of personal data by a third party.
6.3. You must comply with the security instructions at any time, which includes ** all unauthorised access to the Website. You are therefore solely responsible for any use originating from the Website of Your computer, IP address and Your identity details, and also for the confidentiality of these.
Article 7 - Third party access
7.1. In order to process your personal data, we give our employees access to Your personal data.
7.2. We guarantee a similar level of protection by making contractual obligations binding on these employees and those commissioned by us which are similar to this Privacy Policy.,
Article 8 – Cookies
8.1. What are cookies?
A “cookie” is a small file sent by the NEUHAUS server and placed on the hard disk of Your computer. The information stored on these cookies can only be read by Us and only during your visit to the Website.
8.2. Why do we use cookies?
Our Website uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish your usage preferences from those of other users of our Website. This helps us to offer you a better user experience when you visit our Website and it also allows us to optimise our Website.
Due to recent changes in the law, all Websites aimed at certain parts of the European Union are obliged to ask for your consent for the use or storage of cookies and similar technologies on your computers or mobile devices. This cookie policy gives you clear and complete information on the cookies that we use and their purpose.
8.3. Types of cookies:
Although there are different types of cookies, which are different in terms of their functions, their origin or how long they are retained, the law primarily makes a distinction between functionally or technically necessary cookies and all other cookies.
The Website only uses the following cookies
Functional Cookies:
NAME
ORIGIN
FUNCTION
EXPIRATION DATA
CookieFlyOut
Customer Webshop
Visibility Cookie Flyout
1 year
CookieNewsletterPopup
Customer Webshop
Visibility newsletter popup
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_ShippingCountry
Customer Webshop
Cache shipping country for user
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_DefaultContactInfo
Customer Webshop
Show default contact info in checkout
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_DefaultDeliveryDetails
Customer Webshop
Show default delivery details in checkout
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_UpdateUserProfile
Customer Webshop
Update user profile
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_AccountCreated
Customer Webshop
Account created during checkout
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_AccountUserId
Customer Webshop
Account userId for created user during checkout
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_MarketId
Customer Webshop
Cache current market for user
1 year
EPiServer_Commerce_RecentlyViewed
Customer Webshop
Keep track of recently viewed products on webshop
1 year
InfoFlyout
Customer Webshop
Keep Visibility info flyout default shipping country.
1 day
For cookies placed by third parties (e.g. Google Analytics), please refer to the statements made by those parties on their respective websites. Note: we have no influence whatsoever on the content of those declarations, nor on the content of the cookies of these third parties: Google Analytics cookies
8.4. Your consent:
The first time you visit our Website You will be asked to accept various types of cookies. You can accept or refuse cookies on a category by category basis. You can change the cookie settings for our Website at any time using the hyperlink at the bottom of this website and in that way withdraw your consent.
You can refuse the installation of these cookies by choosing “Refuse cookies” the first time the Website is used in the pop-up screen which is provided for this purpose.
You can also refuse or block cookies by changing Your browser configuration settings. Turning off cookies may mean that you are unable to use some of the functions of the Website.
If you have any further questions or comments about the processing of Your personal data, please contact Us, either by sending an e-mail to customercare@neuhaus.be by post to NEUHAUS Postweg 2, 1602 Vlezenbeek, or by using the “Contact us” section of the Website.
You can also find more information about cookies at: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/You can find more information about online behavioural advertising and online privacy here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/