http://www.milliman.com/en/products/gasbhelp
GASB 75 compliance
GASBhelp
GASBhelp™ is an online tool that provides an accurate, low-cost method of valuing non-pension post-employment benefits for organizations that are required to comply with GASB 74 or 75 and that have fewer than 100 plan members. Developed by our team of experienced healthcare and pension actuaries, this tool guides users through the valuation process using the GASB-approved simplified approach known as the Alternative Measurement Method.
GASBhelp delivers a complete valuation with a comprehensive report that provides the information necessary to comply with GASB 74/75 valuation requirements at a very attractive cost.
GASB 74/75 reporting requirements
If you offer non-pension post-employment benefits such as medical, pharmacy, dental, vision, life insurance, or long-term care, GASB 74 and 75 require that your organization report the value of those current and promised benefits. Qualifying organizations with fewer than 100 plan members may use GASBhelp to fulfill the GASB 74/75 requirements.
Innovative tool developed by GASB 45 experts
Accessible through our website www.GASBhelp.com, GASBhelp is the only system of its kind. It was created by and is supported by Milliman experts, who have performed hundreds of valuations for governments of all sizes. GASBhelp is supported by our knowledgeable customer service department and fully accredited and experienced actuaries.
Accurate data at a substantial cost savings
One director of an association of small municipalities found GASBhelp.com while seeking a lower cost way to obtain a fully compliant valuation of her association’s non-pension post-employment benefits. She found the tool easy to use yet powerfully informative, with the ability to change assumptions and then see how results would be affected. Because the director requested a promotional code for the member municipalities, each association member received a discount and realized significant savings for valuation costs.
Visit the website.
INSIGHT
Related insight
Article
GASB 74/75: Impact on small government employers
Download PDF
We’re here to help
Ask the tough questions. We’re ready for them.
Contact an expert
Milliman and our third party website analytics and performance partners use cookies on our website that collect and use personal information (your IP address) in order to select and deliver statistical data on your use of our website and the pages your visit. By clicking “Accept” you consent to the placement and use of cookies by Milliman and our third party analytics partners for these purposes. Before you consent and in order to understand more details and choices surround how Milliman uses cookies you may click on our Cookie Policy. If you are comfortable accepting Cookies for analytics and performance purposes click “Accept.”
Accept
Cancel
Analytics and Performance
These Cookies are used by us or third-party service providers to analyze how the Sites are used and how they are performing. We use the following service providers and you can learn more about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their cookies by clicking on these links:
AI Media: Privacy Policy
Google.com: Privacy Policy
Required Cookies
These Cookies are necessary for you to access and navigate our sites.
Social...
We use ‘social buttons’ to enable our users to share or bookmark web pages. These are buttons for third party social media sites. We use the following service providers and you can learn more about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their cookies by clicking on these links:
Facebook.com: Privacy Policy
Google: Privacy Policy
LinkedIn.com: Privacy Policy
Twitter: Privacy Policy