http://www.beazley.com/london_market/privacy_and_cookies_statements.html
Close
Find anything on our site by typing in your search and pressing enter. To search for a phrase add quotation marks, e.g. “cyber insurance”.
Search
Filter search by these categories
All
People
Products
Documents
Sort by
Relevance
Date
Title
Search Results
Sorry we couldn't find any results for you.
To find more of our people, please search using the ‘People’ option at the top.
Loading search results
View page
View
Download
View product
View profile
To offer you a better experience, our site uses cookies, including third-party sites.
Find out more about our Cookie policy.
Skip to Content
Who we are
Our products
Architects, Engineers & Contractors
Cyber & Executive Risk
Cyber & Tech
Executive Risk
M&A
Safeguard
Healthcare
US Hospital Professional Liability
Miscellaneous - UK & International
Healthcare Management Liability
Life Sciences
US Miscellaneous Medical & Life Sciences
Virtual Care
Specialty lines
Professional liability
Management liability (non-US)
Financial institutions
Private Enterprise (small business)
Environmental liability
Specialty Treaty
Property
Large commercial
Small business
Political Risks & Contingency
Event Guard
Contingency
Weather Guard
Political risks & trade credit
Terrorism
Kidnap & ransom
Beazley Flight
Loss of attraction
Deadly weapons protection
Marine
Cyber defence for marine
Cargo
Energy
Hull
Marine liability
Yachts (pleasure craft)
Marine piracy
War
Aviation
Space
Subsea
Life, Accident & Health
Life
Sports
Personal accident
Reinsurance
Property risk
Casualty clash
Delegated authority
Esports
BBR (Italia)
Financial Lines (Italia)
Responsabilità Civile degli Amministratori e Sindaci di Società (D&O)
Responsabilità Civile per l’Offerta Pubblica di Titoli (POSI)
Responsabilità Civile Professionale di Istituzioni Finanziarie (FIPI)
Società di Gestione e i Fondi di Investimento (IMI)
Infedeltà dei Dipendenti e degli Atti Dolosi o Fraudolenti a Danno di Istituzioni Finanziarie (FI Crime)
Società di Gestione e i Fondi di Private Equity
InfoSec (Italia)
Insights & ideas
Claims
View alphabetically
Who we are
Our products
Architects, Engineers & Contractors
BBR (Italia)
Cyber & Executive Risk
- Cyber & Tech
- Executive Risk
- M&A
- Safeguard
Delegated authority
Esports
Financial Lines (Italia)
- Infedeltà dei Dipendenti e degli Atti Dolosi o Fraudolenti a Danno di Istituzioni Finanziarie (FI Crime)
- Responsabilità Civile degli Amministratori e Sindaci di Società (D&O)
- Responsabilità Civile per l’Offerta Pubblica di Titoli (POSI)
- Responsabilità Civile Professionale di Istituzioni Finanziarie (FIPI)
- Società di Gestione e i Fondi di Investimento (IMI)
- Società di Gestione e i Fondi di Private Equity
Healthcare
- Healthcare Management Liability
- Life Sciences
- Miscellaneous - UK & International
- US Hospital Professional Liability
- US Miscellaneous Medical & Life Sciences
- Virtual Care
InfoSec (Italia)
Life, Accident & Health
- Life
- Personal accident
- Sports
Marine
- Aviation
- Cargo
- Cyber defence for marine
- Energy
- Hull
- Marine liability
- Marine piracy
- Space
- Subsea
- War
- Yachts (pleasure craft)
Political Risks & Contingency
- Beazley Flight
- Contingency
- Deadly weapons protection
- Event Guard
- Kidnap & ransom
- Loss of attraction
- Political risks & trade credit
- Terrorism
- Weather Guard
Property
- Large commercial
- Small business
Reinsurance
- Casualty clash
- Property risk
Specialty lines
- Environmental liability
- Financial institutions
- Management liability (non-US)
- Private Enterprise (small business)
- Professional liability
- Specialty Treaty
Insights & ideas
Claims
View by division
Documents
Careers
Investor relations
News
Events
Contact us
Privacy and Cookies Statements
Beazley Plc - Data Privacy Notice
Beazley Plc (Beazley) values its customers and is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy; and the lawful and correct treatment of personal data. This Data Privacy Notice informs and explains how Beazley will process and protect any personal data we collect or receive about you. It applies to personal data provided by customers, brokers, coverholders, claimants, third party services providers (TPAs), complainants and job applicants. Please read this Data Privacy Notice carefully to understand our practices regarding personal data.
Your personal data has either been, or will be collected by, or transferred to, Beazley. We can be contacted via post or by email at the below addresses. We aim to respond to all correspondence within thirty (30) days.
The Data Protection Officer
Beazley Plc
Plantation Place South, 60 Great Tower Street
London
EC3R 5AD Email:DPO@beazley.com
The Beazley Data Protection Officer will handle any questions you may have on the use of your personal data and your rights as a data subject. This is covered in further detail under Your Data Subject Rights.
Types of personal data we hold
We capture and process a variety of different types of data, including personal data depending on the nature of the services involved. This includes but is not limited to:
Type of Personal Data
Example
Individual details
Name, address, other contact details (e.g. email and telephone numbers), gender, marital status, date and place of birth, nationality, health, national unique identifier e.g.  social security or Public Service number, passport number, driving licence number,  employer, job title and employment history, and family details, including their relationship to you
Financial and credit information
Bank account or payment card details, income or other financial information, credit history, and credit score
Risk details
Information about you which we need to collect in order to assess the risk to be insured and provide a quote. This may include data relating to your health, criminal convictions, or other special categories of personal data or the health of the people to be covered.
Policy information
Information about the quotes you receive and policies you take out
Anti-fraud data
Sanctions and criminal offences, and information received from various anti-fraud databases relating to you or those seeking cover
Previous and current claims
Information about previous and current claims, (including other unrelated insurances), which may include data relating to your health, criminal convictions, or other special categories of personal data and in some cases surveillance reports
Sometimes we may need to process special categories of personal data. These are certain types of personal data which require additional privacy protection. The special categories are:
Racial or ethnic origin;
Political opinions;
Religious or philosophical beliefs;
Trade union membership;
Genetic or biometric data;
Health data;
Sex life or sexual orientation.
Criminal convictions
Personal data including special category data may be required to allow us to provide a quote, underwrite your policy, consider your claim or provide other insurance services.
Why we use your personal data
We collect your personal data to help us with advising on, arranging, underwriting or administering an insurance contract or administering a claim under an insurance contract. Specifically:
a.      Advising on, arranging and underwriting your policy, including:
Understanding your insurance requirements to offer you a product that matches your needs and circumstances
Gaining an understanding of the nature of the risk to be covered by the policy including risk modelling and statistical use
Providing competitive and appropriate pricing
Performing credit or money laundering checks or other checks required by law
Fraud prevention
b.      Administering your policy, including:
Managing any changes to your policy
Providing and improving services under and associated with the insurance contract as appropriate
Maintaining contact with you, for issues relating to your policy and general customer contact
c.       Administering your claims, including:
Registering your claims
Assessing your claims, including any liaison with third parties potentially involved in your claims, e.g. communications regarding health information
Running due diligence checks e.g. credit or money laundering
The investigation of fraudulent claims
The defence of or prosecution of valid and legal claims
d.       Recruitment of current and former employees:
Purpose of processing an employment application
Assess your suitability for employment
Assessments, tests or occupational profiles
Providing or requesting employment references
To carry out background checks
e.      Further reasons, including:
To ensure we comply with any legal or regulatory obligations
The testing of our systems and processes where imitation data is unavailable. Testing which uses personal data will only by carried out in limited circumstances and only when appropriate safeguards and controls have been put in place
To allow us to perform the essential practice and process of underwriting
Analysing our clients and the products they select
For reinsurances purposes
Processing the enrolment and management of the share scheme
To audit our business
Transferring books of business, company sales and reorganisations
For marketing purposes
Where we might collect your personal data from
We might collect your personal data from various sources including:
You;
Your family members, employer or representative;
Other insurance market participants such as, authorised agents, brokers, TSPs, reinsurers, other insurers, legal advisers, loss adjusters and claims handlers;
Credit reference agencies;
Anti-fraud databases, sanctions lists, court judgements and other databases;
Government agencies
In the event of a claim, third parties including any other party to the claim (such as a claimant/defendant), witnesses, experts (including medical experts), loss adjustors, legal professionals, and third party claims handlers.
Which of the above sources apply will depend on your particular circumstances.
Our legal bases for processing your personal data
We process personal data where necessary in order to:
Engage with you when you or someone acting on your behalf asks us for a quote and are considering entering into a contract;
Satisfy our obligations under a contract with you;
Comply with a legal obligation, such as due diligence and reporting obligations, and responding to binding requests from regulators, law enforcement authorities or other government authorities;
Process data as may be required in the public interest, such as detecting and preventing fraud;
Pursue our legitimate interests in providing clients with insurance services, improving our services, to ensure we price our products appropriately, to manage risk, to manage our business efficiently, to perform audits, and to maintain accurate records.
We process special category data when you provide explicit consent or when this is necessary to:
Advise, arrange, underwrite or administer an insurance policy or administer a claim under an insurance policy;
Protect, investigate, and defend legal claims;
Exercise a right or comply with an obligation arising in connection with an insurance contract.
Who we share personal data with
To allow us to meet our obligations and effectively provide our services to you, it may be necessary to pass your personal data onto external parties. These external parties may include:
Credit reference agencies
Anti-fraud databases
Claims handlers
Legal professionals
Loss adjustors
External parties involved in the claim
Private investigators
The police and law enforcement
External parties involved in the investigation, defence or prosecution of claims
Other insurers (under court order or to prevent and detect fraud)
Regulators and Supervisory Authorities
Companies that are part of the Beazley group
Our TSPs suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we have with them
Your data will be shared securely, and only when absolutely necessary. It will never be sold to external parties or organisations for marketing purposes.
International data transfers
As Beazley is a global insurer, we may transfer or share your data outside the European Economic Area ("EEA")for our operational procedures, including countries that may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that applicable within the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who are working for us or one of our suppliers. We will always take steps to ensure your data is treated and transferred securely with appropriate safeguards and controls in place. We will exercise due diligence in selecting the recipients outside the EEA in accordance with Article 44 of the European Regulation 2016/679 and will require, through appropriate contractual measures (e.g. data transfer contracts based on standard European Commission clauses), that they comply with adequate organisational and technical security measures to protect personal data and process them only in accordance with our instructions and not for other purposes.
Ongoing storage and use of your personal data
We will not keep personal data for longer than necessary for the purpose for which it is processed.  It will be retained in accordance with our Records Management Policy. Applicable laws and regulations may require us to keep records for specific periods of time, subject to certain exceptions. We may also need to keep records in order to administer the insurance relationship, to fulfil our contractual or statutory obligations or to resolve queries or disputes which may arise.
Information Security
We implement technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk to the personal information we process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the on-going integrity and confidentiality of personal information. We evaluate these measures on a regular basis to ensure the security of the processing.
Your data subject rights
You have the right to:
Obtain a copy of your personal data held by Beazley
Have any incorrect personal data corrected
Request the erasure of any of your personal data
Restrict or object to the use of your personal data, including profiling and automated individual decision-making.
Request the personal data you provided to Beazley to be moved to another organisation
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please write to the below address stating your request and contact details.
The Data Protection Officer
Beazley Plc
Plantation Place South, 60 Great Tower Street
London
EC3R 5AD
If you contact us regarding the exercise of these rights, we will seek to action your wishes. There maybe in some cases (particularly where the request relates to the restriction of use of personal data, the objecting to the use of personal data or the erasure of the data) reasons why we are not able to fully comply with your request, particularly where we are required to keep and use that data to comply with contractual, legal or regulatory requirements.
Right to withdraw consent
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent please contact us. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
Complaints
Beazley is committed to providing high quality products and services. If you feel that we have not met your expectations, we'd like to know so we can put things right for you. You can submit a complaint by writing to the address below.
Complaints
Beazley Plc
Plantation Place South, 60 Great Tower Street
London
EC3R 5AD
We would expect that any complaint can best be dealt with by contacting us in the first instance, and we will take complaints made to us seriously. However, if you wish to complain about our use of your personal data, and do not wish to contact us first, you also have the right to complain directly to the supervisory authority. Full details on this can be found on the following websites:
UK
https://ico.org.uk/
Ireland
https://dataprotection.ie/
France
https://www.cnil.fr/fr
Germany
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/
Spain
https://www.aepd.es/
Norway
https://www.datatilsynet.no
Insurance Industry and Data Processing
Further details of how the insurance industry uses and processes data can be found oin the Lloyds website via the core uses information notice. Please note that this is a third party website and Beazley is not responsible for the content.
https://www.londonmarketgroup.co.uk/gdpr
https://admin.londonmarketgroup.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/LMA-Insurance-Market-Information-Uses-Notice-post-enactment-31-05-2018.pdf
Automated decision making
In some cases we use an automated decision making and profiling process to generate a quote to provide you with an insurance service; this process will only use the information which you have provided to us and will make an overall assessment of your application. This assessment will consider the level of risk involved and if applicable, generate a quote for the insurance service. The automated decision making process is regularly tested to ensure it remains fair, effective and unbiased. If you object to the use of automated decision making, please call us on the telephone number displayed on the quote generation page or contact the Beazley Data Protection Officer at the address provided above.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
We use cookies on our websites so that we can track how users navigate through our sites, and in order to enable us to evaluate and improve our sites. We use this information to compile statistical data on the use of our websites, but the information obtained is used on an anonymous, aggregated basis and you cannot be identified from this.  Cookies cannot look into your computer and obtain information about you or your family or read any material kept on your hard drive and cookies cannot be used to identify who you are.
You are not obliged to accept a cookie that we send to you and you can in fact modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site.  For more information about cookies including how to set your internet browser to reject cookies please follow the instructions below:
Internet Explorer: Tools button > Internet options > Privacy > Settings > Advanced.
Mozilla Firefox: Menu button > Options > Privacy & Security > History > Use custom settings for history.
Google Chrome: More button > Settings > Advanced > Privacy and security > Content settings > Cookies.
Apple Safari: Preferences > Privacy.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why:
CookieWebTrends
NameWT_FPB, WT_PBC
PurposeThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
More informationOpting out of WebTrends cookies
CookieGoogle Analytics
Name_utma, _utmb, _utmz, _utmc
PurposeThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
More informationGoogle Analytics - safeguarding your data
CookieWindows Internet Information Services
Namecs(cookie)
PurposeThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
More informationMicrosoft privacy policy
Cookie.Net or ASPX cookie when users log into the Lawyers and A&E risk management  sites
NameIGXSessionState
PurposeThese cookies are used to track whether a user has logged in to the risk management site. If the cookie exists, access to the site is allowed. If the cookie does not exist, the user will receive the login screen.
More informationASP.NET cookie overview
CookieLinkedIn
NameLidc - Used for outing, bcookie - Browser ID cookie, bscookie - Secure browser ID cookie, L1c - Browser ID cookie, BizoID - LinkedIn Ad analytics, BizoData - LinkedIn Ad analytics, BizoUserMatchHistory - LinkedIn Ad analytics, BizoNetworkPartnerIndex - LinkedIn Ad analytics
PurposeThese cookies are used for campaign reporting to track conversions and provide additional insight on how users interact with our ads.
More informationLinkedIn cookie policy
Web analytics
In order to develop our site in line with our customers' needs, Beazley keeps a track on which pages on our website are visited most frequently and how long visitors spend on our site. We use this information to help improve the site.
We never gather other information from your disk or computer. We collect a copy of the data held by the cookie for inclusion in any analysis. We use full SSL protocols when collecting visitor information on secure pages; this ensures that the site's security is not compromised. We encrypt all transmitted visitor information (even from non-secure pages), so no-one else can read the information we gather. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. and WebTrends to analyze website traffic. Google Analytics and WebTrends set a cookie in order to evaluate your use of this site. Google and WebTrends store the information collected by the cookie on servers in the United States, European Union Member States and other countries. Google and WebTrends may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's and WebTrends' behalf. Google and WebTrends will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google and WebTrends will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google or WebTrends. Beazley use Google Analytics and WebTrends to optimise this site and improve the service we provide to our visitors. More information about how to reject or delete this cookie may be found here:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
http://webtrends.com/privacy-policy/
YouTube cookies
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube's privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode. To find out more please visit YouTube's embedding videos information page.
Search engine
The search engine on our website is designed to be powerful and easy to use .  The search is made possible by a piece of hardware (a search 'appliance') supplied by Autonomy that is plugged into our server and continuously indexes the content on our site.  All search requests are handled by the appliance and the information is not passed on to any third party, including Autonomy.
Website surveys
From time to time, we may invite our Site visitors to participate in an online survey about our online services. Participation is entirely optional and any information we collect is only used to improve the products and services we offer to our visitors. We may collect your name, company and email address.
Changes to this privacy policy
If we change our privacy policy in any way, we will post these changes on this page. You are responsible for checking this privacy policy whenever you access the Site.
Last updated 07 November2020
Sign up for Beazley updates