http://www.medcompnet.com/about/privacy_policy.html
About
About Medcomp®
Message to the Patient
Our History
Development & Production
Patents
Privacy Policy
Products
Pediatrics
Pediatric Split Cath® for HD
Pediatric Dignity® Mini CT Ports
Pediatric Vascu-PICC® TLS
MST®
Long Term Hemodialysis
Split Cath®
Split Cath® RG
Split Stream™
Eschelon™
Bio-Flex® Tesio®
Titan HD™
Hemo-Flow®
Hemo-Cath® LT
Symetrex®
Short Term Hemodialysis
Duo-Split®
Hemo-Cath® ST
400XL
Free Flow® ST
Duo-Flow®
Soft-Line®
T-3
Trio-CT™
Tri-Flow®
Femoral
Subclavian
Continuous
SLX
Subcutaneous Venous Ports
DignityÂ® CT Ports
DignityÂ® Mini CT Ports
DignityÂ® Titanium CT Ports
Pro-FuseÂ® CT Ports
5F ChronoFlexÂ® Catheter
Dignity DualÂ®
Midlines
Arch-FloTM
Midline®
CT Midline®
Peripherally Inserted (PICC)
Pro-PICC®
Valved-Pro-PICC®
Vascu-PICC®
Valved Vascu-PICC®
Max Barrier Kits
Central Vein Infusion (CVC)
Pro-Line®
CVC
Vascu-Line®
CVC
LT Silicone CVC
Multi-Cath CVC
Peritoneal Dialysis
X-Series
V-Series
I-Series
Why PD?
DuraLock-C™
DuraLock-C™ Catheter Lock Solution
Accessories
Coaxial Micro-Stick® Sets
Super Sharp Introducer Needle
Raulerson Guidewire™ Syringe
Repair Kit
Dilators
Sheath Dilators
Guidewires
Trocars & Tunnelers
Grip-Lok
Pro-Lock
DuraLock-C™ Catheter Lock Solution
Centesis
Breeze® Centesis
Ordering Info & Policies
Site Care
Calendar
Feedback Survey
Contact Us!
Customer Satisfaction Survey
Contact
Contact a Sales Rep
Careers
Login
Eu Clearance Documents
Like Medcomp® on Facebook
Follow Medcomp® on Twitter
See Medcomp® Videos on YouTube
Email This Page
Privacy Policy
Jump to Section:
Privacy in General
Data Collection
Cookies
Personal Information
Disclosure
Your choices
Addtional questions
Medcomp® is committed to protecting your privacy online.	This statement discloses the methods of data collection that take place on this
site and the uses of that data once it's collected. Should Medcomp® ever need to
modify the privacy policy due to updates to the Web site or changes in the service,
such modifications will be reflected on this Web page. Although significant modifications
are not foreseen, you may want to read the privacy policy from time to time to
ensure you have read the most recent version. Any modifications will continue
to respect and safeguard your privacy while adjusting the policy to account for
evolving features and services of the Web site.
Please be aware that external Web sites that are linked to from this site may
or may not collect personally identifiable information about you once you have
clicked through to those sites. This privacy statement does not cover the information
practices of those Web sites. Neither does it cover the practices of sites that
may have links pointing back to this one. Medcomp® encourages visitors to review
the privacy policies of the Web sites they visit on a case-by-case basis, and
to use "common sense practices" while using the Internet. Please be careful
and responsible whenever you're online. If you post personal information to a
forum or message board that is accessible to the public, it's possible that your
information could be obtained by malicious third parties. While Medcomp® strives
to protect your personal information as it is stored on our computers, we cannot
absolutely guarantee its security or the security of the information you transmit
to us, and you do so at your own risk. To help secure your data in transit over
the Internet, you may want to use a secure connection. medcompnet.com offers a
secure connection with 128-bit SSL encryption that you are free to use at any
time. Simply preface the URL in your browser's address bar with 'https://'.
Anonymous Data Collection:
As with virtually every Web site on the Internet, the Web server that hosts medcompnet.com
automatically collects and analyses traffic logs. These logs contain such anonymous
data as the names of browsers that are used to connect to the site and the IP
Addresses of the computers through which those connections are made. This data
is used to track traffic patters into, out of, and through different parts of
the site. Such information helps us to predict and supply visitors' interests
and content needs more efficiently and effectively. This data does not contain
any personally identifiable information about you.
What are cookies and how does Medcomp® use them?
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web page
or server and stored on your computer's hard drive. It is generally impossible
for any Web site to read the cookie other than the one that served it to you in
the first place. In other words, if the next site you visit is microsoft.com,
Microsoft will NOT be able to read the cookie you got from medcompnet.com. Cookies
are perfectly safe and private, and cannot be used to run any programs or to deliver
any viruses to your computer. Cookies are an industry standard tool, and you'll
find they are used by most Web sites. Medcomp® uses cookies to identify logged-in
members of the site and to connect Web site visitors to the information (stored
on our computers) that they have submitted using forms. Cookies may also contain the url of the last page on the site you most recently visited. A Medcomp® cookie is set or modified when you enter the site, register for membership, log into the members
section, or submit other form data.
Cookies are modified or expired when you log out. Medcomp® cookies will expire (become
unreadable by the Web server) after a specific amount of time.
Because a cookie is used to determine if you are logged in, you will not be able to stay logged in or use other features of this Web site unless your browser is configured to accept
cookies. Most browsers accept cookies by default, but if you have disabled that
feature for some reason you may want to re-enable it while you're using this site. Medcomp® cookies don't contain any personally identifiable information
about you.
Personally Identifiable Information:
Medcomp® collects personally identifiable information in several ways from different
parts of our Web site. Mailing list registration only requires a valid email address.
Partial membership registration only requires a name and email address. Additional
personal information required for full registration includes your full name and your
company's name,
phone number & mailing
address. A user name & password must be chosen for either type of membership
registration. Similar contact information is collected from non-members before
downloading product literature in PDF format. Contact information is also collected
in surveys, contact and feedback forms, and so on, although it is not always required.
Once you enter any of the above described personal information, you may no longer
be anonymous to Medcomp®. Usage logs are kept of visitors' activities in certain
areas of the Web site and are linked to personal information files whenever possible.
Data from email newsletters (responses, click-throughs, and open rates) are treated
likewise. This is done in an effort to measure the number of individuals using
the Web site or being reached through the use of it, to measure the needs and
interests of customers and site visitors, and to create a general demographic
profile of the customer base that Medcomp® serves online.
Disclosure:
No personal information is ever made public on the Web site.
Personal information that you enter on this site is collected and stored by Medcomp® alone. When someone registers as a full member or downloads product information
and elects to be contacted by a Medcomp® representative, then their information
may be shown to a qualified salesperson who works directly for Medcomp®. Information is stored on our computers in the strict confidence
of a few specially authorized Medcomp® employees and is never sold, rented, or
disclosed in any form to any third party. We do NOT share, sell, or rent
our mailing list.
Medcomp® must reserve the right to disclose any amount of collected information,
without notice, in the unlikely event that we are required to do so by law or
in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the
edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company or Web site;
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of Medcomp®, (c) act under exigent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our Web site or the public,
(d) for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain,
service, and improve our products and services.
Your choices regarding data collection and storage:
You may edit your current membership registration information at any time after logging
into the site. You may also delete
your current registration at any time. If you choose to change your user name
or delete your current registration, someone else will be able to register with
your old user name. Archived versions of member registrations are kept for the sake
of historical data and to analyze site usage statistics over time. You should
understand that the data you change or delete from your membership registration does not actually disappear from computer memory, although this privacy
policy will still apply to that data.
You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying
your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be
notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject
all cookies you will be unable to use those Medcomp® services that require cookies
in order to participate. You can still experience many features on the Medcomp® site even if you do not accept cookies.
Additional Questions:
If you have any additional questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy,
please feel free to contact
us by traditional mail, phone, or email.
Medical Components, Inc.
1499 Delp Drive | Harleysville, PA 19438 | 215.256.4201 | F: 215.256.1787
Feedback
Privacy Policy   Careers
Site Map