http://www.applicoat.com/privacy
Privacy
Tel:+ +44 (0)121 557 5324
Email: info@applicoat.com
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Products
EMI/RFI Shielding Coatings
Cosmetic Finishing
Automotive
New Developments
News
News Releases
Contact
About
Privacy Policy
This website is the property of Applied Coating Technologies Ltd.
Tipton Road, Tividale, Oldbury B69 3HY. United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 557 5324 Fax: +44 (0)121 557 7064 Email: info@applicoat.com
Terms of Use
The content of this website is for information and guidance only. You are welcome to print off, download or link to pages on the website as long as you don’t do it for financial gain.
Whilst we make every effort to keep the information on this website accurate and up to date we can not accept responsibility or liability for the content. Nor can we accept responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your computer system whilst using this website.
Privacy
We do not currently use ‘preference’ cookies on our website which store information about visitors whilst they are moving around the website. A ‘cookie’ is a small file that a website would send to your computer to allow the site server to record specific information. This information would tell us when you have visited the site and which pages you have visited, and your preferences. Cookies do not identify you personally. If we did use cookies they would be used to help us monitor and improve the website.
If we did use cookies, and you didn't want us to be able to do this you can set your browser to filter or disable cookies.
Your Privacy Counts.
We are committed to your privacy.  None of your subscription information will knowingly be disclosed, sold, exchanged or traded to anyone outside Applicoat without your permission. You may unsubscribe at any time by e-mailing info@applicoat.com and you'll be removed before the next issue of our newsletter is released.
Contact us now to discuss your application.
Applied Coating Technologies Ltd Tipton Road, Tividale, Oldbury B69 3HY. United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0)121 557 5324 Email: info@applicoat.com
HOME I ABOUT I PRODUCTS I NEW DEVELOPMENTS I NEWS I PRIVACY I CONTACT I SITEMAP
Applied Coating Technologies Ltd
Tipton Road, Tividale, Oldbury B69 3HY. United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)121 557 5324 Email: info@applicoat.com