http://www.gasgas.com/en-us/privacy-policy.html
Models
Dealer search
Technical Accessories
Apparel
Promotions
News
Motorsports
Service
Enduro
Motocross
Cross Country
Trial
2-stroke
EC 300 2021
Electric
2-stroke
4-stroke
MC-E 5 2021
MC 50 2021
MC 65 2021
MC 85 2021
MC 125 2021
MC 250F 2021
MC 450F 2021
2-stroke
4-stroke
EX 300 2021
EX 250F 2021
EX 350F 2021
EX 450F 2021
TXT RACING 250 2021
TXT RACING 280 2021
TXT RACING 300 2021
EXPLORE NEW LINES
2021 Contingency
Owner Manuals
Service & Safety Check
Maintenance
PRIVACY POLICY†of PIERER MOBILITY AG
(hereinafter referred to as "GASGAS"):
1. Data protection at a glance
General information
We at GASGAS respect and protect the privacy of all our customers and visitors to our website (hereinafter ìvisitorsî) and adhere strictly to the regulations under data protection law. Personal data will be collected on this website only to the extent required. Under no circumstances will the data stored be sold. The following policy gives you an overview of how we ensure this protection and the information required under Article 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation on the processing of your data, in particular which categories of data GASGAS stores in respect of the users of the website www.GASGAS.com and/or customers of authorized GASGAS dealers, and for what purpose. This privacy policy applies to all GASGAS websites and all products and services that GASGAS offers. In this context, this GASGAS Privacy Policy also applies in respect of all GASGAS group companies which may collect and/or process data.
Data collection on this website
Collection and processing of personal data
In general, it is not necessary to provide personal data in order to use our website. However, we may require your personal data insofar as it is necessary for the performance of a contract with us or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (see Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR). All your personal data, specifically your email address, your name, your residential address, and your date of birth, are collected by us only when you provide this to us, for example, in performing a contract, processing an order, in the context of a competition, providing informational material or a survey, as well as registering for newsletters. Visitors can of course choose not to provide any data in order to use the website anonymously, but must then be aware that some functions may in certain circumstances only be available to a limited extent.
GASGAS recognizes and respects the importance of the responsible use of the data collected from visitors and customers. GASGAS will not use this data to contact you and inform you of product news, services and offers without your permission.
Transfer of personal data to third parties
If required by law or contract, or if we have a legal and legitimate interest, it may be necessary in an individual case to submit your data to our group companies or external business partners.
Your data is not sold, leased or otherwise transmitted to external third parties. This does not include: trustworthy partners who support us in operating the website, in the course of doing business, or in other services in which it is, of course, ensured that they are obligated to maintain confidentiality. Within the scope of processing your order or request, we sometimes commission external business partners, who are, however, contractually obliged to comply with the data protection regulations.
A disclosure to the affiliated companies of GASGAS or other third parties only occurs to the extent these recipients of the information have committed themselves to GASGAS in regard to the applicable data protection regulations.
Insofar as we involve external business partners in the context of data processing, we have ensured that these have been selected and are monitored in accordance with the relevant statutory provisions and are also obliged to comply with the data protection regulations and laws. Apart from this, no disclosure of your data is made.
We also take in-house data protection very seriously. Our employees and subcontracted business partners are obliged by us to maintain confidentiality and to adhere to the data protection regulations.
The respective GASGAS group company works with trustworthy partners.
Specifically, your personal data may be transmitted to the following group companies or business partners:
RECIPIENT
GASGAS group companies (a list of all group companies can be viewed here):†https://www.ktmgroup.com/en/company/)
GASGAS dealers or service partners (a list can be viewed here):
https://prod.GASGAS.com/en-int/find-a-dealer.html
Collection and storage of usage data
When the website is accessed, the following electronic communication metadata are stored: IP address, date and time of access, name of the file called up, sub-page as well as anonymous username, city, userís region and country, userís operating system, userís browser, userís browser version, userís interactions on the website, pages visited by the user, duration of the session and number of sessions of the user, date of the first visit to the website, date and time of each interaction of the user, time spent on the website, duration of requests by the user, userís requests, exception errors of the website, date and time and duration of exception errors. The data can be evaluated anonymously for statistical purposes. This data is kept strictly confidential and not transferred outside the GASGAS system or made accessible to other third parties, unless this is necessary to fulfill legal or contractual obligations or to fulfill the legal and legitimate interests of GASGAS.
We delete or anonymize your data as soon as it is no longer needed for the transmission of a communication. If the processing of the electronic communications metadata is for billing purposes, we shall retain the relevant communication metadata up to the end of the period during which the invoice may be legally challenged or the claim for payment asserted. We store this electronic communications metadata for a period of three years from the conclusion of the contract because in terms of the Austrian General Civil Code (ABGB) a claim on the grounds of error must be asserted within three years from conclusion of the contract (see Art. 1487 of the ABGB) and claims for supplies of goods or services to a commercial business lapse after three years (see Art. 1486, para. 1, line 1 of the ABGB).
Cookies
Cookies may be used on certain GASGAS websites. A cookie is a small data record that can be stored on your hard disk. This data record is generated by the web server with which you have established a connection through your web browser, and is then sent to you. The cookie enables you to be recognized when visiting the website without having to enter data again that you had previously entered. The default setting of most browsers is to automatically accept cookies. You can, however, reset your browser to decline such cookies or to have them fully displayed including the necessary requirements for consent. You can also delete cookies from your system at any time. Find out how to do this here: aboutcookies.org
The following personal data are processed through the use of cookies: First name, last name, street, postal code, city, country, email address, date of birth.
We use cookies for the sole purpose of carrying out the necessary electronic communication process (see Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR) or if this is necessary for the provision of the services requested by customers via our website (see Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR). In addition, cookies are only used if you give your express consent (see Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR).
You can accept or refuse the cookies from this portal via the following links: Accept cookies / Refuse cookies.
To the extent that the collection and storage of data with cookies is lawful, this occurs exclusively in an anonymous form, so that it is not possible to draw any conclusion about you as a natural person.
You can change the settings of your set cookies at any time here:
Cookie-Einstellungen
The cookies below are currently used on GASGAS websites for the following purposes:
A cookie is a small data package (text file) that your browser stores on your device on the instruction of a visited website in order to "remember" information about you, such as your language settings or login information. These cookies are set by us and are called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies that originate from a domain other than that of the website you are visiting. We use these cookies to support our advertising and marketing activities. In particular, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Scope of data collection
The data that you submit to us will be processed by us for the purposes of implementing a contract (see Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR), for processing your requests, and for compliance with legal obligations (see Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR).
If we perform one of the actions described below, or other actions, or render services, we would like to collect and store your personal data and will request your express consent in each instance for the:
∑†††††††† Implementation of a competition, a promotion, a survey or other features of the website
∑†††††††† Notification of changes or improvements of products or services which could affect visitors and customers
∑†††††††† Sending information to visitors and existing customers on subjects that could be relevant to them and/or about goods and services related to previously purchased products
∑†††††††† Sending information about our products
2. Hosting and Content Delivery Networks (CDN)
External hosting
This website is hosted by an external service provider (hoster). The personal data collected on this website is stored on the hoster's servers. This may include, but is not limited to, IP addresses, contact requests, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, names, website accesses and other data generated by a website.
The use of the hoster is for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR) and in the interest of ensuring secure, fast and efficient provision of our online offering by a professional provider (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Our hoster will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfill its performance obligations and will follow our instructions in relation to such data.
Conclusion of a contract for order processing
In order to ensure data processing that complies with the regulations on data protection, we have concluded a contract for order processing with our hoster.
3. General notes and compulsory information
Data protection
The operators of these sites take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the legal data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
When you use this website, various personal data are collected. Personal data are data that can be used to identify you personally. This privacy policy explains what data we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how this is done and for what purpose.
We would like to point out that data transmission on the internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) can have security loopholes. It is not possible to completely protect the data from being accessed by third parties.
Note on the responsible body
The body responsible for data processing on this website is:
PIERER Mobility†AG
Edisonstraﬂe 1
4600 Wels
Austria
Telephone: +43 (0)7742/6000-0
E-Mail: privacy@pierermobility.com
A responsible body is the natural or legal person who, alone or jointly with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke consent you have already given at any time. To do this, an informal notification to us by e-mail is sufficient. The legality of the data processing that took place up until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right to object to data collection in specific cases and to direct advertising (Art. 21 of the GDPR)
IF THE DATA PROCESSING IS CARRIED OUT ON THE BASIS OF ART. 6† (1)† (E) OR (F) OF THE GDPR, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME FOR REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING BASED ON THESE PROVISIONS. THE RESPECTIVE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED CAN BE FOUND IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU OBJECT, WE WILL NO LONGER PROCESS YOUR RELEVANT PERSONAL DATA UNLESS WE CAN PROVE THAT THERE ARE COMPELLING REASONS FOR PROCESSING WHICH ARE WORTHY OF PROTECTION AND WHICH OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOMS, OR UNLESS THE PROCESSING SERVES TO ASSERT, EXERCISE OR DEFEND LEGAL CLAIMS (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 (1) OF THE GDPR).
IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA ARE PROCESSED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT MARKETING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING YOU FOR THE PURPOSE OF SUCH MARKETING, WHICH INCLUDES PROFILING TO THE EXTENT THAT IT IS RELATED TO SUCH DIRECT MARKETING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL DATA WILL THEN NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT MARKETING (OBJECTION ACCORDING TO ART. 21 (2) OF THE GDPR).
Right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority
In the event of infringements of the GDPR, every data subject has a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of their habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedies.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have data, which we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in fulfilling a contract, handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request that the data be transferred directly to another controller, this will only take place to the extent that it is technically feasible.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from ìhttp://î to ìhttps://î and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
If the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
Information, erasure and rectification
Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right to obtain information free of charge at any time about your stored personal data, its origin and recipients and the purpose of the data processing and, if applicable, a right to rectification or erasure of this data. For this purpose, as well as for any further questions on the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time at the address specified in the imprint.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. To do this, you can contact us at any time at the address specified in the imprint. The right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:
If you contest the accuracy of your personal data stored with us, we usually need time to verify this. For the duration of the verification process, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If the processing of your personal data is/has been unlawful, you may request that we restrict the processing instead of erasing the data.
If we no longer need your personal data, but you do need it to exercise, defend or establish legal claims, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of erasing it.
If you have lodged an objection under Art. 21 (1) of the GDPR, your interests must be weighed up against our interests. Until it has been established whose interests are overriding, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, such data may, with the exception of storage, only be processed with your consent or for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of an important public interest of the European Union or a Member State.
Objection to advertising e-mails
We hereby object to the use of contact details published within the scope of the imprint obligation to send advertising and information materials not expressly requested. The operators of the websites explicitly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as through spam e-mails.
Links to external websites
There may be hyperlinks on our web page leading to external websites that do not belong to the GASGAS organization. Should you visit such websites, GASGAS can assume no responsibility for the trustworthy handling of your data. The transmission of your data from the Internet occurs in part unencrypted. Consequently, unauthorized access by third parties cannot be entirely excluded.
GASGAS's commitment to protecting the privacy of children
The protection of children's data is important to us. For this reason, we do not collect or maintain any data of children who are, to our knowledge, under 14 years of age without first obtaining the verifiable consent of the parents or guardian with parental authority. In addition, we require only so much personal information from children as is absolutely necessary for their participation in activities.
Modifications to this privacy policy
Due to the fast development of the internet and the legal situation, it may be necessary to make occasional changes to our privacy policy. Please therefore always note the current version in each case.
Acceptance of this privacy policy
By using of this privacy policy, visitors declare that they have read and understood it, and that they accept its exclusive validity. Acceptance of this privacy policy does not replace explicit consent to data processing.
4. Data collection on this website
Cookies
Our websites use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files and do not cause any damage to your end device. They are stored on your end device either temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently (permanent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Permanent cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them yourself or until they are automatically deleted by your web browser.
In some cases, cookies from third-party companies may also be stored on your end device when you enter our site (third-party cookies). These enable us or you to use certain services of the third-party company (e.g. cookies for the processing of payment services).
Cookies have various functions. Many cookies are technically required because certain website functions would not work without them (e.g. the shopping basket function or the display of videos). Other cookies are used to evaluate user behavior or display advertising.
Cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process (required cookies) or to provide certain functions that you have requested (functional cookies, e.g. for the shopping basket function) or to optimize the website (e.g. cookies to measure the web audience) are stored on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, unless another legal basis is specified. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. If consent to the storage of cookies has been requested, the storage of the cookies in question will be based exclusively on this consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR); the consent may be revoked at any time.
You can set your browser to inform you when cookies are set and to allow cookies only in individual cases, to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific cases or in general, and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If you deactivate cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
If cookies are used from third-party companies or for analysis purposes, we will inform you separately about this within the scope of this privacy policy and, if necessary, request your consent.
Server log files
The provider of the websites automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
This data is not merged with other data sources.
The collection of this data is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free display and optimization of its website - the server log files must be recorded for this purpose.
Contact form
If you send us requests via the contact form, your details from the request form, including the contact details that you provide there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the request and in the event that any follow-up questions should arise. We will not pass on this data without your consent.
This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR, to the extent that your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR) or on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR), provided that this was requested.
The data which you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request us to erase it, revoke your consent to its storage or the purpose for which it was stored ceases to apply (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected.
Request by e-mail, phone or fax
If you contact us by e-mail, phone or fax, your request including all personal data (name, request) arising from this will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. We will not pass on this data without your consent.
This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR, to the extent that your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR) or on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR), provided that this was requested.
The data which you send us via contact requests will remain with us until you request us to erase it, revoke your consent to its storage or the purpose for which it was stored ceases to apply (e.g. after your request has been processed). Mandatory legal provisions - in particular statutory retention periods - remain unaffected.
Registration on this website
You can register on this website to use additional features on the site. We use the data entered for this purpose only for the purpose of utilizing the respective offer or service for which you have registered. The mandatory data requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise we will refuse registration.
For important changes, such as changes to the scope of the offer or technically necessary changes, we will use the e-mail address provided during registration to inform you in this way.
The data entered during registration is processed for the purpose of implementing the user relationship established by the registration and, if applicable, for the initiation of further contracts (Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
The data entered during registration is stored by us for as long as you are registered on this website and is then deleted. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
5. Analysis tools and advertising
Google Analytics
This website uses functions of the web analysis service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files which are stored on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
The storage of Google Analytics cookies and the use of this analysis tool are based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. If corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR; the consent may be revoked at any time.
IP anonymization
We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. As a result, your IP address is shortened by Google within Member States of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before it is transmitted to the USA. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to analyze your usage of the website, to create reports on website activities and to provide additional services related to website usage and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address transmitted from your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google.
Browser plugin
You can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the corresponding setting in your browser software; however, we must point out that, if you do this, you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent. In addition, you can prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Objection to data collection
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent the collection of your data during future visits to this website: Disable Google Analytics.
You can find more information about how Google Analytics handles user data in Google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Order processing
We have concluded a contract with Google for order processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
Demographic characteristics in Google Analytics
This website uses the "demographic characteristics" function of Google Analytics. This enables us to generate reports that contain information about the age, gender and interests of the website visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising by Google as well as from visitor data from third parties. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person. You can disable this function at any time via the ad settings in your Google Account or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics in the manner described under "Objection to data collection".
Google Analytics Remarketing
This website uses the functions of Google Analytics Remarketing in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
This function allows the advertising audiences created with Google Analytics Remarketing to be linked to the cross-device functions of Google Ads and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been customized for you on one device (e.g. cell phone) based on your past usage and browsing habits can also be displayed on one of your other devices (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history to your Google Account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be delivered on any device on which you are signed in with your Google Account.
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated user IDs that are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data in order to define and create target audiences for cross-device advertising.
You can opt out of cross-device remarketing/targeting permanently by turning off personalized advertising; follow this link to do this: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
The summary of the data collected in your Google Account is based solely on your consent, which you can give to Google or withdraw from Google (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR). For data collection operations that are not merged in your Google Account (e.g. because you do not have a Google Account or because you have objected to the merging), the collection of the data is based on Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The legitimate interest arises from the fact that the website operator has an interest in the anonymized analysis of website visitors for advertising purposes.
Further information and the data protection regulations can be found in Google's Privacy Policy at: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en.
Google Ads and Google conversion tracking
This website uses Google Ads. Google Ads is an online advertising program of Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
As part of Google Ads, we use what is known as conversion tracking. When you click on an ad placed by Google, a cookie is set for conversion tracking. Cookies are small text files that the internet browser stores on the user's computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we can recognize that the user has clicked on the advertisement and been redirected to this page.
Each Google Ads customer receives a different cookie. The cookies cannot be tracked via the websites of Google Ads customers. The information collected through the conversion cookie is used to compile conversion statistics for Google Ads customers who have opted in to conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that can be used to identify users personally. If you do not wish to participate in tracking, you can opt out of this use by simply disabling the Google conversion tracking cookie on your web browser under User Preferences. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
The storage of ìconversion cookiesî and the use of this tracking tool are based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behavior in order to optimize both its website and its advertising. If corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR; the consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information about Google Ads and Google conversion tracking, please see the Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
You can set your browser to inform you when cookies are set and to allow cookies only in individual cases, to exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific cases or in general, and to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. If you deactivate cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
Facebook pixel
This website uses Facebookís visitor action pixel to measure conversion. This service is provided by Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. However, according to Facebook, the data collected is also transferred to the USA and other third countries.
This allows the behavior of site visitors to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider's website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This allows the effectiveness of Facebook ads to be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising campaigns to be optimized.
The collected data is anonymous for us as the operator of this website, we cannot draw any conclusions about the identity of the users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with the Facebook Data Use Policy. This means that Facebook can allow ads to be placed on pages within Facebook and outside of Facebook. This use of the data cannot be influenced by us as a site operator.
The use of Facebook pixel is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in effective advertising measures, including social media. If corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR; the consent may be revoked at any time.
In the Facebook Privacy Policy you will find further information on how to protect your privacy: https://en-us.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can also disable the remarketing feature ìCustom Audiences" in the Advertising Settings section under https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen. You need to be logged in to Facebook to do this.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can deactivate usage-based advertising from Facebook on the website of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance: https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
6. Newsletter
Newsletter data
If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address and that you agree to receive the newsletter. Further data is not collected or only collected on a voluntary basis. We use this data exclusively for sending the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
The data entered in the newsletter registration form is processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of your data, your email address and its use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example, by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations that have already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation.
The data you provide us with for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us or the newsletter service provider until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and will be deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe. Data that has been stored for other purposes remains unaffected.
After you have been removed from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. The data from the blacklist will only be used for this purpose and will not be merged with other data. This serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when distributing newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR). The storage in the blacklist is not limited in time. You can object to the storage if your interests override our legitimate interest.
7. Plugins and tools
YouTube with enhanced privacy
This website integrates videos from YouTube. The operator of the sites is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
We use YouTube in enhanced privacy mode. According to YouTube, this mode has the effect that YouTube does not store any information about visitors to this website before they watch the video. However, the enhanced privacy mode does not necessarily exclude the transfer of data to YouTube partners. Thus YouTube - regardless of whether you are watching a video - establishes a connection to the Google DoubleClick network.
As soon as you start a YouTube video on this website, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. This will tell the YouTube server which of our pages you have visited. If you are logged in to your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your browsing habits directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
Furthermore, YouTube can store various cookies on your end device after a video has started. These cookies allow YouTube to obtain information about visitors to this website. This information is used, among other things, to gather video statistics, improve the user experience and prevent fraud. The cookies remain on your end device until you delete them.
If necessary, further data processing operations may be triggered after the start of a YouTube video, over which we have no influence.
YouTube is used in the interest of enhancing the presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. If corresponding consent has been requested, processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR; the consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information about YouTube's privacy policy, please view the privacy policy at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google Maps
This site uses the Google Maps map service via an API. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
To use the functions of Google Maps, it is necessary to store your IP address. This information is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is in the interest of enhancing the presentation of our online offers and to make it easy to find the places we have indicated on the website. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. If corresponding consent has been requested, processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR; the consent may be revoked at any time.
You can find more information about how user data is handled in Google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use "Google reCAPTCHA" (hereinafter "reCAPTCHA") on this website. The provider is Google Ireland Limited ("Google"), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to check whether the data is entered on this website (e.g. in a contact form) by a human being or by an automated program. To do this, reCAPTCHA analyses the behavior of the website visitor on the basis of various characteristics. This analysis starts automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. For analysis purposes, reCAPTCHA evaluates various information (e.g. IP address, time spent on the website or mouse movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis is forwarded to Google.
The reCAPTCHA analyses run completely in the background. Website visitors are not made aware that an analysis is taking place.
The storage and analysis of the data is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its websites from abusive automated spying and from SPAM. If corresponding consent has been requested (e.g. consent to the storage of cookies), processing will be carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR; the consent may be revoked at any time.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy and the Google Terms of Use at the following links: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en und https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en.
8. eCommerce and payment providers
Processing of data (customer and contract data)
We collect, process and use personal data only to the extent that it is necessary for the establishment, content design or modification of the legal relationship (inventory data). This is done on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR, which permits the processing of data for the fulfillment of a contract or pre-contractual measures. We collect, process and use personal data about the use of this website (usage data) only to the extent that this is necessary to enable or charge the user to use the service.
The collected customer data will be deleted after completion of the order or termination of the business relationship. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
9. Contact
If you have any questions that are not answered by this privacy policy, or if you require more detailed information on a particular point, please feel free to write to GASGAS at any time at the following address:
PIERER Mobility†AG
Edisonstraﬂe 1
4600 Wels
AUSTRIA
FN 78112x, Handelsgericht Wels
VAT ID: ATU 15115202
Email:†privacy@pierermobility.com
This policy was last updated in august 2020.