https://www.canplas.com/plumbing/privacy/
EnglishFrançais (French)
Search for:
Search
Toggle navigation
Toggle navigation
Why Canplas Plumbing
About Us
Industry Links
Product Details
ABS DWV Fittings
PVC Grey DWV Fittings
PVC White DWV Fittings
Solvent Weld Sewer Fittings
Specialty Plumbing Products
Flame Spread & Smoke Development Rated PVC Products
Endura® Grease Management Products
Price Lists
Contact Us
Find Us
Rep Locator
PrivacyI. INTRODUCTION
Canplas Industries Ltd. (“Canplas”) is committed to protecting the personal information and privacy of its customers, business contacts, business acquaintances and those who visit our Website (you or your).
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by us through our Website, our applications on mobile devices (the Website) as well as information collected from individuals.
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect, how it is used by us, under what circumstances we may disclose it, and the steps we take to secure it.
II. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect limited business and personal information for the purpose of sending you electronic newsletters, e-mail marketing communications and other product and service offerings to support our core business functions and containing information concerning how Canplas provides innovative products and solutions to your selected sector.
We may also collect limited personal information from those of you with whom we meet in person or over the telephone with regard to your interests and preferences, to ensure that you are invited to social, sporting or other company-sponsored events in which you have expressed an interest. We limit the amount of personal information collected to that which is specifically required to support one of the aforementioned purposes.
A. Subscriptions
We collect information through this Website on our contact information page for the purpose of sending you electronic newsletters, e-mail marketing communications and other product and service offerings.
Our contact information page asks for the following information: first and last name, e-mail address, company and title. It allows you to select one or more subscription options based on your interests. This information helps us provide you with the appropriate promotional information based on your selected interests.
B. Information on business contacts and business acquaintances
We may collect limited personal information (such as entertainment preferences, hobbies, birth anniversary dates and other personal information you may choose to share with our employees in the context of business meetings and social events) in order to ensure that you are invited to company-sponsored events and to enable us to better respond to your business needs.
C. Cookies
This Website uses cookies, which are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser on your computer when you visit our Website. We use persistent cookies to enable us to remember your information and settings when you visit our Website in the future. This provides you with faster and more convenient access to our Website. Various Website features made possible by persistent cookies include language selection, theme selection, menu preferences, internal Website bookmarks or favorites. By using this Website, you consent to the use of cookies and other similar technologies. You may generally disable cookies in your web browser, however, each web browser is different.
III.  HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Canplas uses your information to offer and provide you with electronic newsletters, e-mail marketing communications and other product and service offerings to support our core business functions. Some examples of how we use your information include:
to help us improve and customize our service offerings, Website and marketing materials;
to send you information about our products, services and promotions; or
to protect the security and integrity of this Website and our business.
To accomplish the aforementioned purposes, we may combine personal and non-personal information we collect online with information received in person, including information from third parties.  We may, with your express consent, transfer or disclose your information to our affiliated companies.
IV. WAYS WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION OUTSIDE CANPLAS
Unless you consent, we will not share your personal information with third parties, including affiliates, for marketing purposes.
We may disclose your information as follows:
A. Service Providers & Suppliers
We may provide your information to third parties who provide services on our behalf in order to maintain our business relationship or perform our contractual obligations towards you. These parties may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide for us.
Your information may be stored and processed by our service providers or suppliers in the United States or other locations where the service providers or suppliers maintain facilities and therefore your information might not benefit from the same confidentiality and security as the jurisdiction in which it was collected.  Our service providers and suppliers are not allowed to use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services or supplies on our behalf.
B. Legal Requirements and Protection of Our Company and Others
We may be required to disclose your information and/or information concerning your activities as a user of the Website when required by subpoena or other legal process, or if we have reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to:
investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or at the request of government enforcement agencies;
enforce this Privacy Policy, investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, or protect the security or integrity of our Website; or
exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of Canplas, our users, employees, or others.
C. Business Transfers
We may also disclose your information, regardless of the manner with which we collected it, to a third party as part of a reorganization or a sale of the assets of Canplas, or one of its members or divisions.  Any third party to which such assets are sold will have the right to continue to use the information that you provided to us, provided that we comply with applicable federal and provincial privacy legislation governing such disclosures.
D. Aggregate Information
We may, without restriction, disclose aggregated and anonymous information concerning our users and information that does not identify any individual or disclose personal information.
V. CHILDREN AND MINORS
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.  Children may not use the Website, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information through the Website.
VI. INFORMATION SECURITY
We strive to implement administrative, technical and physical safeguards that will protect the information we collect from you on the Website or otherwise.  However, there are no guarantees that information cannot or will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our administrative, technical or physical controls.
VII. YOUR RIGHTS OF ACCESS RECTIFICATION AND DESTRUCTION
You may request a copy of the information we hold on you by emailing us or writing us at the address listed below. You also have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate information and the right to request deletion of information no longer needed for the purpose for which it was collected.
VIII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without advance notice.  By using our Website following a notice of changes, you consent to any such changes.
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
LEGAL DEPARTMENT
Canplas Industries Ltd.
500 Veterans Drive
Barrie, Ontario  L4N 9J5
We are always here to help.
Do not hesitate to get in touch for any reason.
CONTACT US
Why PlumbingAbout Us
Industry Links
OtherWarranty
Terms of Use
Privacy
Terms and Conditions of Sale
PO Terms
AODA
Feedback How could we improve?
Tell us what you want to see.
© 2020 Canplas. All Rights Reserved. WM