http://www.dataq.com/contact-us/privacy.html
Menu +
Home
Products +
Products
Data Acquisition +
Data Acquisition
By Measurement +
By Measurement
Mixed Measurement Types
4-20 mA Current Loop
Voltage
Thermocouple
Event/Count/State
Frequency/Rate/Count
RTD
Strain-based sensor
Environmental Temperature and Humidity
By Interface +
By Interface
USB
Ethernet
Web-based
By Deployment +
By Deployment
Stand-alone
PC-connected
Distributed Synchronous Ethernet
Data Logger +
Data Logger
By Measurement +
By Measurement
Temperature
Voltage
4-20mA Process Current
AC True RMS
Temperature and Humidity
Event, State, Count
Carbon Monoxide (CO)
Mixed Measurement Types
By Brand +
By Brand
DATAQ Instruments
Graphtec
Dewetron
Lascar
Supco
AEMC
By Interface +
By Interface
USB
Ethernet
Wireless
Web-based
By Deployment +
By Deployment
Stand-alone
PC-connected
Cloud
Starter Kits
WinDaq Software
By Model Number
Accessories
Open Box
Support +
Support
Submit Ticket
Knowledge Base +
Knowledge Base
Hardware
Software
Downloads
RMA
Forums +
Forums
DATAQ Starter Kits
DATAQ Hardware
Lascar
Graphtec
WinDaq Acquisition
WinDaq Playback
WinDaq/XL
Programming and SDK
Hardware and Software Support
Contact +
Contact
Domestic
International
About Us
Newsletter
Social Media +
Social Media
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
RSS Feed
Reviews
Contact
>
Privacy Policy
DATAQ Instruments Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
European Union Customers
Any personal information supplied for online orders that either bill-to or ship-to an EU country will not be used for any purpose other than to manage and deliver the ordered product or service. Should any customer in any EU country desire to receive periodic promotional information and notifications of product updates, please register to receive our newsletter.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used
to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information).
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to www.dataq.com Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by modifiying your cookie settings or by using a browser plugin.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
All users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.dataq.com/terms.html
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.dataq.com
241 Springside Drive
Akron, Ohio 44333
USA
webmaster@dataq.com
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 330-668-1444 or via the Internet at www.dataq.com/support/webmaster.html.