http://www.incentivegroup.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Incentive Group Inc.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To inform you of our products and services.  We value your interest in our offerings and will thoughtfully and responsively reply to your inquiry.
– To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
– To improve customer service. Your information helps us to respond to your customer service request and support needs more effectively.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other’s rights, property, or safety.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
The Incentive Group, Inc.
399 Knollwood Road
White Plains, NY 10603
Phone: 800-416-2090
info@incentivegroup.com
LinksProgram Types
B2B Loyalty Programs
Channel Incentive Programs
SPIFF Programs
Employee Engagement Programs
Gift With Purchase Programs
B2B Rebates
B2B Referral Program
Services
inGauge Platform
Rewards
Ongoing Management
Design & Development
TIG Blog
Our Location
© 2020 The Incentive Group. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy
inGauge
Program Types
Program Types
B2B Customer Loyalty
Channel Incentive & MDF
SPIFF Program
B2B Rebates
B2B Referral Program
B2Be-Commerce
Gift With Purchase
Employee Engagement
Services
Services
Design & Development
Ongoing Management & Administration
Rewards
About Us
About Us
FAQs
Blog
Success Stories
(800) 416-2090
Request Demo