http://www.ifdsgroup.com/cookies-privacy-policy
A-
A
A+
Home |
Privacy & Cookies Policy
International Financial Data Services (“IFDS”) collects information from visitors who access the various parts of our website. We do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or in very special circumstances, such as when we believe that law requires such disclosure. We do not use information gathered in any marketing or sales promotions.
We want you to understand our commitment to personal privacy and our use of information. For this reason, we have prepared this privacy policy. IFDS reserves the right to make changes to this policy and to our related procedures at any time. As we make changes to our policy, we will update this web page.
We preserve the content of your email, your email address, and our responses so that we may better serve you. Depending on the content of your email, we may be required by existing laws and regulations to keep this information.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which IFDS collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from you (User of the www.ifdsgroup.com website ("Site")). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by IFDS.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from you in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Site. You may visit our site anonymously. We will collect your personal identification information only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. You can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent you from engaging in certain site related activities.
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information whenever you interact with our site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about your means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
By using the IFDS website you agree to us storing cookies on your system.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Our Site may use cookies to enhance your experience. Your web browser places cookies on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
#
Key
Value
Info
1
439b899cd322f150e237a5cae2109944
1cffa6cf570ec333febcdbbc522f430c
Session cookie
2
8c76bb933e6cfe0fb24ec7a3ff4cf025
0687330f345e7507d1c59dd26141ad86
Session cookie
3
_ga
GA1.2.286094816.1442332021
Google Universal Analytics
4
_gat
1
Google Universal Analytics
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How we use collected information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and services and our Site. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
We may periodically send emails to respond to your inquiries, and/or other requests or questions about new products, special offers or to send periodic emails with other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices, and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Site. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and the User (you) happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding your visit with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Your rights
You have the right:
(a) To access your personal data
(b) To be provided with information about how your personal data is processed
(c) To have your personal data corrected
(d) To have your personal data erased in certain circumstances
(e) To object to or restrict how your personal data is processed
(f)
To have your personal data transferred to yourself or to another business in certain circumstances.
Third party websites
You may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Permission to Print and Copy
Permission to print and copy documents or graphics from this Site is granted for personal and non-commercial use only and is expressly conditional upon your agreement that all prints or copies shall contain or refer to the copyright or proprietary notices in the IFDS web site. The format and contents of the information shall not be altered in any way, and you will indemnify IFDS for damages and expenses, including attorneys' fees, it incurs related to your use of such materials and your breach of these requirements. No permission is granted to print and copy documents created by parties other than IFDS and appearing on this Web site, unless so indicated and subject to the restrictions indicated.
Warranty Disclaimer and Exclusion
IFDS makes no representations and hereby disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, as to the timeliness, accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the information contained in the documents and related graphics published by IFDS, its web site or elsewhere on the Internet. The IFDS web site and all such information are provided as is, as available. The information on the web site shall not constitute any representation, warranty, or other commitment by IFDS or any of its affiliates with respect to any of the products or services described.
Exclusion of Damages
In no event shall IFDS be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether actual, special, incidental, direct, indirect, punitive, exemplary, or consequential arising out of the use of the web site or any of the information or materials contained therein or accessible there from, including without limitation loss of profits or data, or the risks of the stock market.
User Responses
Should any user of the web site or viewer of documents or graphics copied or printed there communicate with IFDS about the web site, or the documents, graphics or information contained therein, IFDS shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such communication, which shall be deemed non-confidential, and IFDS shall be free to use and distribute the information contained in such communication for any purpose whatsoever, unless IFDS and the party responding otherwise agree in writing.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated, copyrights and all similar rights in all material presented on the IFDS web site, including graphical images, are owned by IFDS. Publication of materials on the web site does not constitute the placing of such materials in the public domain.
Trademarks & Service Marks
No license, assignment, or permission is granted herein, expressly, implicitly, or otherwise to use any trade name, trademark, or service mark of IFDS or of any other party.
Links Provided
References on this web site, or links to or from this web site to mutual funds/variable annuities, financial advisors, or any other entity which may offer securities or other investments for sale do not constitute any offer to sell any such securities or investments, nor do such links constitute any endorsement, referral or other recommendation of any kind.
Changes to this privacy policy
IFDS has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you accept to comply with and be bound by this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree with any part of this policy and/or
terms of service, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings
with this site, please contact us at:
International Financial Data Services (Canada) Ltd.
30 Adelaide Street East, Suite 1
Toronto, Ontario, M5C 3G9
Canada
Tel: +1 416 506 8000
International Financial Data Services (Luxembourg) S.A
Personal data collected will be processed in full compliance with data protection legislation.
In particular, you have the right to access and rectify this data by sending your request by
email or letter to the following address:
International Financial Data Services (Luxembourg) S.A.
Data Protection Officer
47, the avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-855 Luxembourg
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
International Financial Data Services (Ireland) Limited
Personal data collected will be processed in full compliance with data protection legislation.
In particular, you have the right to access and rectify this data by sending your request by
email or letter to the following address:
International Financial Data Services (Ireland) Limited
Data Protection Officer
Bishop's Square, Redmond's Hill
Dublin 2, D02 TD99
Ireland
Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Legal
Affiliates
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Important Information
Accessibility
Connect with us
LinkedIn
Twitter
Careers
» Click here