https://www.autometrix.com/policies/privacy-policy/
Autometrix Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 25, 2018
Introduction
Autometrix is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers and our website visitors.
This policy applies where Autometrix controls the data of our website visitors and customers.
Types of data we collect
Analytics Data
Autometrix may collect and process information about your use of our website (“analytics data”).  This analytics data is consistent with standard website analytics and may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, and pages visited and for how long.  This usage data is generated by Google Analytics. Autometrix collects and processes this data in order to monitor the use of our website and determine ways of improving our website for future customer interaction.
Contact Data
Autometrix may collect and process personal or professional contact information (“contact data”).  This contact data comes from any form filled out and submitted by you, the user,  on Autometrix’s site and includes:
Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Physical Location
Business Name
Industry
Other information submitted via the form
This contact data may be processed for the purposes of providing requested services to and maintaining communication with the user.  Autometrix maintains this contact data by the user’s consent.
Customer Relationship Data
Autometrix may collect and process information relating to our customer relationships (“customer relationship data”).  Customer relationship data may include
Name, job title, and contact details
Communication records between company and Autometrix
Transaction records between company and Autometrix
This data may come from you, the user, or from your employer.  Autometrix collects and processes this data to pursue our legitimate business interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
We use a secure third party Customer Relationship Management software platform to store customer relationship data.
Usage Data
Autometrix may collect and process information about your use of our products (“usage data”). This usage data may be collected from the product itself or from our customer support interactions with you. This usage data may include:
Product specifications
Product usage statistics
Error reports
Installation details
Support history
Autometrix collects and processes this data in order to provide support to our customers and to improve our products.
Order Data
Autometrix may collect and process information about orders you place through our web store (“order data”). This order data includes:
Name, email address and physical location
Order details (items, quantity, price, etc).
Shipment status
Autometrix does NOT retain credit card information for web store orders. Credit card processing is handled securely at time of order via a 3rd party provider, and credit card details are NOT retained.
How we use your data
Autometrix collects and processes this data in order to manage customer relationships and continually improve our ability to support our customers, both current and future.
Autometrix may disclose select data to established business partners which have an existing contract to represent Autometrix and their goods and services to specific geographical regions and markets.
Autometrix does not sell or otherwise disclose data to third parties for any financial reasons.
Access to your data
If any concerns cause you to need to see the personal data we have stored, you may request that data by emailing support@autometrix.com
Any request to delete your personal data will be honored, however our ability to support you or your company as a customer may be negatively affected.
Autometrix may be required to retain your data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This policy may be updated from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.  We will notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.