http://www.michaudcooley.com/legal
Legal
General Terms and Conditions of Accessing our Website
The following Terms and Conditions govern your use of the Michaud Cooley Erickson and Associates (“MCE”) website and any information and materials accessible on or from this site. Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before accessing our site. By accessing our site, you signify your assent and agreement to these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, please do not access this site. MCE may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time.  Revisions will be posted on this page and users are responsible for reviewing this page from time to time to ensure compliance. Your continued access of the site will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Terms and Conditions.
Intellectual Property
All information and content on the MCE website, including, without limitation, content in the form of text, graphics, designs, images, software, music, sound, photographs, trademarks, logos and videos (collectively, the “Intellectual Property”), is protected by United States copyright law and/or other proprietary rights and laws and is owned by MCE, or used by MCE under license from the copyright owner.  All photographs displayed on this website are the property of MCE and/or its subcontracted photographers. You may not, except under a written license from MCE (or its authorized licensors) or otherwise with MCE written consent, copy, download, transmit, reproduce, reprint, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, publicly display, license, lease, transfer or sell in any manner whatsoever, the Intellectual Property, except to the extent that such use is authorized under United States copyright laws.
No Representations or Warranties
MCE makes the information on its site available for general information purposes only. While MCE strives to make this information as up to date and accurate as possible, MCE assumes no responsibility for, and makes no representations, warranties, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information and content presented on this site. Therefore, all information and content are presented “AS IS” and MCE expressly disclaims all implied or express warranties, including but not limited to those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement, relating to such information and content and further expressly disclaims any damages or liability for errors and omissions in the accuracy, completeness or adequacy of such information and content or the use of the same.
In no event shall MCE be liable for any damages whatsoever, including direct, special, punitive, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, including damages arising from or related to the use of, or reliance on, the information contained or transmitted on or through this site, loss of profits or revenues, even if MCE has been advised of the possibility of such damages.  Any action taken from the information contained on the MCE website is strictly at your own risk and the site and its content are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis.
Links to Third Party Sites
As a convenience, external links to other third party websites can be found on the MCE website.  While MCE strives to provide only links to relevant, ethical, and accurate websites, MCE has no control over the content and nature of these sites. Accordingly, MCE does not make any representations or warranties concerning the terms of use or privacy practices of such sites, nor does MCE control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, content, or materials available on such sites.   Therefore, access to any of these third party sites is strictly at your own risk.  MCE provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links on MCE’s website does not imply any endorsement by MCE of such site, the site’s provider or the information on the site.  No information, content or materials contained on these site are representative of MCE and its employees in any manner. You should carefully review the terms and conditions and privacy statements of such other sites before accessing such sites.
Privacy
MCE recognizes and respects the privacy of users of its website. When you choose to provide MCE with information about yourself, MCE will act in a responsible manner. MCE may store and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to (i) protect the rights, safety or property of MCE or others and (b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements. MCE does not trade, sell or rent your personal information but may collect and/or provide aggregate statistics about its web site and users to other parties. When you view certain parts of the website, information may be stored on your computer. This information will be in the form of a “Cookie” or similar file and will permit tailoring of the website to better match your interests and/or preferences. This site, however, contains links to other websites and MCE does not control the privacy policies of those sites. This privacy statement only applies to information collected and maintained by MCE.
MCE reserves the right, to the extent and under circumstances permitted by applicable law, to retain, monitor and intercept data transfers to and from its systems. Although MCE’s site and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which they are received, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that its computer systems and networks are virus free and no responsibility is accepted by MCE, as applicable, for any loss, delay, interruption, failure or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the MCE site.
Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Minnesota, without giving effect to any choice of law principles thereof.  Any claim, controversary or dispute related to these Terms and Conditions, or your access to the MCE website, shall be resolved by arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any arbitration may, but need not be, administered by the American Arbitration Association and shall be held in Minneapolis, Minnesota.  There shall be one arbitrator and the arbitration shall be in English.  You understand you are giving up your rights to have any disputes determined in a court before a judge or jury.
Last Updated:  January 2015