http://www.canegrowers.com.au/page/contact/privacy
Privacy
in this section
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.  To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information management practices.  This notice is available on our internet site www.canegrowers.com.au and at every CANEGROWERS office.
Policy current as at March 2014
This is the Privacy Policy for CANEGROWERS Australia and for our website located at www.canegrowers.com.au
Your privacy is important to us. We are committed to ensuring that personal information we hold about you is held securely and that your personal information is protected.
We understand and appreciate that visitors to, and users of, our website, are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of information they provide to us.
We are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Act”) as amended. A copy of the Australian Privacy Principles can be accessed from the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au
This Privacy Policy explains how we treat ‘personal information’ that we hold about you. It details the types of personal information we collect, how we may use and protect that personal information, and who we allow to access it.
What is “personal information”?
“Personal information” is defined in the Act as:
"any information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable:
a.whether the information or opinion is true or not; and
b.whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.”
Personal information includes:
your name
your address
your telephone number
your email address
your membership details
your credit card or other financial and insurance details (where applicable)
What personal information do we collect about you?
We only collect personal information that is needed by us to provide our products and services.
The types of information we collect will depend on the type of products or services that we provide to you. We generally collect and hold personal information about:
our members
our customers
our suppliers
job applicants
other people and businesses who we may work with.
The types of personal information we collect varies, depending on the purpose for collection and your interaction with us. The information we collect may include:
your name, address, phone/fax numbers and email address
insurance and financial details and credit information
farm and crop information
other information relating to the provision of CANEGROWERS services.
We will usually collect your personal information directly from you, unless it is not possible for us to do so, or you have consented to us obtaining the information from a third party for example, from a referee if you are a job applicant.
If you provide us with personal information about other individuals, we rely on you to have made them aware that you will or may provide their information to us, the purposes we use it for, the types of third parties we disclose it to and how they can access it (as described in this Privacy Policy).
How we use your personal information
We use personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected, or for secondary purposes which are related to the primary purpose. Generally, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide products and services that you have requested
to communicate with you
to provide you with information about other products or services that we believe may be of interest to you
to maintain relationships with our members, suppliers and contractors
to facilitate our internal business operations, including fulfilment of any legal requirements
What happens if an individual does not provide personal information?
You do not have to provide personal information to us. If you do not provide the personal information that we request, however, we may not be able to provide you with the relevant products or services.
We may disclose your personal information
We do not sell, rent or trade personal information about you to or with any third parties.
However, we may disclose your personal information to third parties for the purposes listed above, as need be, including to:
our agents, contractors or third party service providers who have contracted with us to provide services
law enforcement agencies where the law requires or permits us to do so (e.g. for law enforcement purposes)
third parties if you have provided your consent
credit reporting or reference agencies or insurance investigators and underwriters
a person authorised by you.
Some of these parties may be located overseas, principally in the United Kingdom which as a member of the European Union have stringent privacy requirements similar to Australia.
However, you acknowledge, by agreeing to the disclosure of your information to these entities outside of Australia, we will no longer be required to take reasonable steps to ensure the overseas recipient’s compliance with the Australian privacy law in relation to your information and we will not be liable to you for any breach of the Australian privacy law by these overseas recipients and, on this basis, you consent to such disclosure.
We will only disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Security of Personal Information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is stored in a secure environment and is protected from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. This includes using electronic and physical security measures.
We will safely destroy or delete your personal information when we no longer require it.
We may store some of your personal information on data storage systems located outside of Australia’s borders. We will only do this if the facility has a suitable Privacy Policy; resides in a location with comparable privacy legislation; and has suitable security.
Making a privacy complaint
If you have a concern about your privacy, you have a right to make a complaint and CANEGROWERS will do everything it can to address the issue.
To lodge a complaint, please contact the Privacy Officer at the address listed below. The Privacy Officer will review your complaint and try to resolve it as soon as reasonably possible. CANEGROWERS will acknowledge every complaint it receives and provide further details as necessary via the Privacy Officer.
We will keep you updated as to progress on fixing the issue and endeavour to give you a final response within 45 days of receipt of the complaint.
Access and correction of personal information
You can request access to the personal information we hold about you at any time by submitting a written request to:
Privacy Officer
CANEGROWERS
GPO Box 1032
Brisbane 4001
Email: enquiry@canegrowers.com.au
Upon written request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you, unless there is an exemption to such access under the Act.
We will endeavour to process your request within a reasonable time. There is no fee for requesting access to your personal information, but we may charge you a reasonable fee for processing your request or providing you with copies of your personal information, if complying with your request requires considerable time or expense on our part.
If we refuse to provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you, we will tell you why.
We seek to ensure that the personal information we hold is accurate, complete and up-to-date. We realise that this personal information may change frequently with changes of address and other personal circumstances. We encourage you to contact us as soon as possible to update or correct any personal information we hold about you. Upon receiving your feedback, we will take reasonable steps to update and correct the personal information promptly.
Privacy Policy does not cover external websites
Our website contains links to other websites of third parties (external websites). This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of external websites which may be linked to our website.
Agreement to terms of Privacy Policy
By providing your personal information to us, you consent to the collection and use of personal data by us set out in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify any changes by posting an updated version of the Privacy Policy on our website.
Contact us
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy or you would like more information, please contact:
Privacy Officer
CANEGROWERS
GPO Box 1032
Brisbane 4001
Email: enquiry@canegrowers.com.au
Phone: 07 3864 6444
CANE FARM BUSINESSESArtboard 1TONES OF SUGAR 2