http://www.orangebikes.co.uk/legal/privacy_policy/
BIKES
All Mountain/Enduro
Stage 6
29
Alpine 6
27.5
Switch 6
29/27.5
Electric Powered Orange
Charger
27.5
Surge
27.5
Surge 29
29
Phase
29/27.5
Downhill/Gravity
327
27.5
329
29
Suspension Trail Bikes
Five Evo
27.5
Stage Evo
29
Hardtail Trail Bikes
Clockwork
27.5
Clockwork Evo
27.5
Clockwork Evo 29
29
Hardcore Hardtails
Crush
27.5
Crush 29
29
Crush MX
29/27.5
P7
27.5
P7 29
29
Cross/Gravel/Urban
Speedwork
700c
RX9
700c
X9
650b
Road
R9
700c
Orange Junior
Peeler
12
POP
16
Zest 20
20
Zest 24
24
Zest
26
BIKES ON OFFER
BROWSE ALL BIKES
STORE
COMPONENTS
Accessories
Bike Components
Hangers
Pivot Bearing Kits
Bolts'n'Stuff
Tools
Decal Kits
Gifts
CLOTHING
Tee-Shirts & Polos
Riding Jerseys
Shorts
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Gloves
Hats
Socks
Kids
Size Guide
Show Basket
SALE
SALE
Clothing & Accessories on sale!
BIKES ON OFFER
DEALERS
DEALERS
Dealers
UK Demo Days
SUPPORT
SUPPORT
FAQs
Register your bike
Warranty
Repaint your frame
MORE...
MORE…
Bike Archive
STORIES
The Orange Guide To Kids Bikes
Travel’s for show, geometry’s for a pro
Handbuilt in Halifax
Stay Home, Take Care & Ride Bikes (At least, For now)
Pro-Line - For the pinners
Michael Bonney
Redesigning Icons
Joe Barnes & Hazzard Racing
Romeo X-Ray Nine - Behind The Scenes
Four Life
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Data privacy is more important than ever. In the light new regulations that will apply across the EU on May 25th 2018, Orange Bikes has updated its Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy.
Our new Privacy Policy explains what data we collect how we use it and how we share it.
Your trust is extremely important to us. To that end, we promise to keep your personal information safe and secure.
Please take a look at our updated Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy.
Orange Bikes Privacy Policy Overview
With the General Data Protection Regulations becoming law on May 25th 2018 we would like you to be aware of how and when we use your data when you visit the Orange Bikes Website, purchase and/or register one of our products.
We need to collect and process your personal data in order to fulfil online orders with you. We will also collect and process your data when you register a bike using the online registration system.
Legally we are obliged to process some personal data to comply with the law. If you place an order with us we must retain some personal data for at least six years to comply with the Sale of Goods Act 1982, Consumer Rights Act of 2015 and HMRC guidance.
We also collect and process some data in a way you would reasonably expect as part of running our business; for example, we may analyse information provided in order to develop new products or services.
We will ask your consent for marketing to you via email.
Orange BIkes use of Cookies
Some pages on our website use content embedded from third party websites, such as Vimeo. These third party websites may send cookies to your device. We do not control these cookies and you should check the relevant third party website for more information about them.
Cookies are small pieces of data that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. While you can disable cookies, our website may not function as expected with them functioning.
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit aboutcookies.org
First Party Cookies
These are the cookies we use to make the Orange website function. Typical examples would be the following:
Keeping your preferences when using the Bike Builder system
Remembering what you have added to the basket of our online store
We are not primarily an e-commerce website and as such we do not use targetted marketing cookie systems.
Third Party Cookies
We use the following third-party cookies, which we do not control.
Facebook Pixel
the Orange BIkes site uses Facebook pixel to gather analytical information about our visitors for marketing purposes.
You can find out more about Facebook cookie use and the data they collect on the Facebook Cookie Policy (https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/).
If you choose to do so, it is also possible to opt out of all targeted Facebook advertising here: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Google LLC (“Google Analytics”)
Orange Bikes uses Google Analytics in track visits to the site. This helps us understand how people are using our website, so we can make it better by tailoring the information we provide to best fulfil users needs. The data tracked includes pages viewed and time on site and visitors' country. The information is stored in Google Analytics.
You can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
YouTube.com
Some of the videos on the Orange BIkes are hosted on Youtube. Youtube may use cookies to gather statistical information about video viewing.
For more information about this please see the YouTube privacy policy
Vimeo.com
Some of the videos on the Orange BIkes website are hosted on the Vimeo service. Vimeo may use cookies to gather statistical information about video viewing.
For more information about this please see the Vimeo privacy policy
Stripe.com
This cookie is set by the third party service - Stripe, which we use for some online payments.
More on this here: Stripe cookie policy
Your personal Information
When and where we record your personal information and what we do with it.
We store your personal information in the following ways:
Online Store
When you use our online store we store a record of your order and the billing and delivery address, email address and telephone number so that we can deliver your items and contact you in the event of a problem to keep you updated with the status of your order.
Orange Bikes Registration System
We record your name, address and contact details when you register your bike for warranty purposes. We always recommend your register your bike as it enables us to quickly process any warranty issues or to contact you in the unlikely event that there may be a problem with your bike.
How we share your information
Simply put, we don't!
We never share your information
The information you provide to Orange BIkes for any purpose is never shared with third parties. We do not have advertising or promotional partners, and we will only contact you where there is a legitimate interest to you in doing so.
The only information that may be shared by using our website will be Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel. Please see the 'Use of Cookies' section above to find out how you can opt out of these services.
Your data, your rights
What you can do about your data that we hold.
You can have access to your personal data, free of charge.
You can have your personal data updated or corrected.
You can have personal data erased unless that would cause a conflict with our legal obligations to you or the law.
Withdraw consent for us to use personal data at any time. Even if you have previously given us your consent
Object to us processing your personal data and/or stop us using data for direct marketing.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
How long we keep your data
We will only keep your data for as long as it’s needed. After that, we’ll can either delete it completely or render it anonymous.
In the case of bike registrations, we will retain the data for a minimum of the bike's warranty period after that we will delete the data at our discretion unless otherwise requested.
If you order from our online store, we will retain your data for six years in order to comply with legal obligations. You can request that some of this data is removed sooner.
After six years we will remove your data unless you have consented to us staying in contact.
If you have any questions not answered by this policy, please contact us.
Top