https://www.ccrcanada.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
www.ccrcanada.com
This version in effect since June 29th, 2012
Our Commitment
CCR is committed to protecting your privacy. We do not swap or sell our mailing lists or personal information files to any third parties. All information collected on this website is for quote requests. Your information is only accessed by authorized CCR employees.
Privacy Statement
This statement discloses the privacy practices for www.ccrcanada.com. No personal identifying information is displayed or is accessible to the general public.
Information Collected
For Request a Quote purposes, we collect only the following information about our customers: Name, job title, company name, telephone number, and email address. Email addresses are used only for customer communication. Specifically, email addresses are used to answer questions or concerns and to provide quotes.
Cookies
www.ccrcanada.com uses software tags called “cookies” to identify customers when they visit our website. Cookies also help us understand your product needs by recording the pages visited within our website.  By recording which areas of the website you visited, cookies allow us to present information, products, and special offers that are most likely to be of interest to you. Additionally, cookies help us to identify returning customers. The information we collect with cookies is not sold, rented, or shared with any outside parties.
Log Files
www.ccrcanada.com maintains log files of the traffic that visits this website. We do not link any information gathered in these log files to personally identifying information. Log files are used to manage traffic loads and information technology requirements for providing reliable service. Information collected includes IP addresses and browser types.
Sharing of Information
We do not sell, rent, or share any customer information that we collect on our website except for the purposes described within this policy.
© 2020
CCR. All Rights Reserved.
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy