http://www.bcbsms.com/about-us/terms-of-use
Career Opportunities
Search our job postings »
Our Benefits
Employee benefit plan »
Our Community
Healthy involvement »
Terms and Conditions of Use
Read this material
Welcome to the www.bcbsms.com website provided by Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi. By using this website or any website owned and maintained by Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi, you agree to abide by the following Terms and Conditions of Use. If you disagree with the Terms and Conditions of Use, you are instructed not to use this website.
We respect the privacy of our online visitors, and we do not rent, sell, or share any personally-identifiable information you provide, without your consent. If you fill out certain online forms, such as an insurance application, we will send e-mails to the e-mail address you supply as a part of normal business communications.
Ownership of this website and limited user rights
The contents of the website, including, but not limited to, the text, images, layout and code, are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi owns this website. A website visitor may not modify, copy, distribute, broadcast, transmit, reproduce, publish, mirror, frame, license, transfer, sell or otherwise use any information or material on this website. Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi authorizes you to view and download material on the website solely for your own use. You will not use this website in violation of any laws, including without limitation, those pertaining to the fraud and abuse or anti-kickback provisions of the federal Medicare and Medicaid laws. Any advertisements, links with other websites, co-hosts or references to third parties are not endorsements of such third parties' products or services and are not intended to result in any referrals or compensation to you or Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi (BCBSMS).
No personal healthcare advice or other advice is on this website
THE INFORMATION ON THIS SITE IS NOT DESIGNED TO REPLACE HEALTHCARE OR MEDICAL ADVICE FROM A HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL. ALL QUESTIONS ABOUT INDIVIDUAL HEALTHCARE AND TREATMENT SHOULD BE REFERRED TO YOUR HEALTHCARE PROVIDER.
Please note that once you leave this website, either by using a link we have provided for your convenience or by specifying your own destination, BCBSMS accepts no responsibility for the content, products and/or services provided at these non-BCBSMS locations. BCBSMS does not control, endorse, promote or have any affiliation with any other website unless expressly stated herein.
Some areas of our site may provide links to other external sites that we don't own, control or influence. We reference sites that we think might be useful or of interest to you, but we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices used by other site owners. Information contained in the external sites is not endorsed by BCBSMS. Please review the terms and conditions and the privacy policies of any third-party website you visit.
Disclaimers -- limits of our responsibility
Information contained on this website is furnished free of charge and for informational purposes only. Although BCBSMS has made every effort to ensure that the contents of this site are correct and complete, BCBSMS cannot be held responsible for the accuracy of the information contained herein. Information may be changed or updated without notice. BCBSMS has no obligation to update information presented on this website, so information herein may be out of date at any given time. BCBSMS may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs described in this information at any given time without notice.
Because conditions of use are outside our control, BCBSMS makes no warranties, express or implied, and assumes no liability in connection with any use of information on this website. In no event will BCBSMS be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages arising out of any use of this website, or another hyper-linked website, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption loss of programs or data on your equipment, or otherwise, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility or likelihood of such damages.
We collect information on computer access, website use and what you supply
Our web servers automatically collect your domain name, the IP address of the web page from which you enter our site, the pages you visit on our site and the amount of time you spend here. This information may be used by BCBSMS to make improvements to our site to better serve our customers. We do not collect any information that can reveal your personal identity unless you voluntarily provide it, such as filling out an application for health insurance, requesting a specific response from us or entering a username and password to view a secure portion of the website. We do not knowingly collect or use information from children under 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian.
When you visit our site, we may place a cookie on your computer that will allow us to customize your experience. A cookie is an element of data that our website sends to your computer and is stored on your hard drive so that we may better serve you. Our cookies will not be used to track your activity on any other websites or to send spam.
We may change this policy
We may make changes to this policy at any time without notice and post them on this website.
Products are available to Mississippi residents
BCBSMS products are available only in Mississippi. If you live outside of Mississippi, please call your local Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plan office for availability of coverage in your state. More information about coverage in other states is available at the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association website at http://www.bcbs.com/.
Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi, A Mutual Insurance Company, is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.
More About Us
About Us »
Careers »
Community Involvement »
Locations »
Accreditation »
Associated Companies »
Company Financial Information »
Contact Us »
Case Management »
Media »
Press Room »
You have selected a link to a website operated by a third party. Therefore, you
are about to leave the Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi website and
enter another website not operated by Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi. Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi does not control such third
party websites and is not responsible for the content, advice, products or
services offered therein. Links to third party websites are provided for
informational purposes only and by providing these links to third party
websites, Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mississippi does not endorse these
websites or the content, advice, products or services offered therein.