https://www.sevesglassblock.com/terms/
We are building a North American website.
CLICK HERE
to sign up for notifications.
Terms
HomeTerms
Terms
Access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing or using the site, the user agrees to be bound by these terms and conditions and undertakes to comply with all applicable laws of the country from which the site is accessed.
General information
This site has been prepared solely for the purposes of providing information about Vitrablok S.r.o. (registered office at Bílinská 782/42 – 419 01 Duchcov – Czech Republic). It does not therefore constitute a publication pursuant to art. 1 of Law no. 62 of 7 March 2001.
The information contained in this site does not constitute a public offering or a contract proposal and is not intended to generate any form of trading or legal relationship between the user and Vitrablok S.r.o.. The information contained in this site is the responsibility of Vitrablok S.r.o. The server hosting the site is located at the offices of Gruppo IH ISP – server farm, strada del Drosso 128/6, Turin, Italy
Intellectual property rights
All the intellectual property rights relating to the content of this site are the property of the respective owners. Use of the site does not grant any form of right or authority in this regard.
Copyright
All the content of this site is protected by Italian copyright law (Law no. 633/1941). Unless otherwise indicated, all the copyrights in the material published on this site belong to Vitrablok S.r.o..
The user may view, download or print content (text, graphics, information, etc.) solely for personal and not for commercial use.
The user may not, without the prior written consent of Vitrablok S.r.o., publish, copy (in either direct or indirect, temporary or permanent form), reproduce, transmit, disclose, translate, modify, upload, reformat, adapt or distribute such content, or exercise any of the exclusive rights of commercial use provided for by Law no. 633/194.
Vitrablok S.r.o. reserves the right to prosecute persons who commit any of the above acts or who violate any of the rights provided for by Law no. 633/1941 and/or the relevant laws of countries other than Italy.
Proprietary rights
Proprietary rights, including registered trade marks, logos and confidential information, are protected by Italian law (Legislative Decree no. 30/2005) and/or the relevant laws of the countries in which such rights have been obtained, acquired, registered or used. The owner of the rights granted by the above laws is Vitrablok S.r.o. or other third parties. Vitrablok S.r.o. reserves the right to prosecute persons who use such rights without the consent of the owner in violation of Legislative Decree no. 30/2005 and/or the relevant laws of countries other than Italy.
Limitation of liability
Given the merely informative and unofficial nature of the content of this site, Vitrablok S.r.o. cannot guarantee that the material published on the site is valid or up-to-date and accepts no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions. Any user who wishes to confirm the validity of the information or use it for anything other than personal use must request permission from Vitrablok S.r.o., Bílinská 782/42 – 419 01 Duchcov – Czech Republic, specifying the reason for the request. Vitrablok S.r.o. may refuse such permission and its decision shall be final. Vitrablok S.r.o.’s failure to respond is equivalent to a refusal of permission.
Use of the site takes place under the sole responsibility of the user.
Vitrablok S.r.o. accepts no liability for any loss or damage incurred by the user resulting from access to the site, use of the site, or the use or download of content (such as, for example, text, graphics, software of any kind, etc.)
Links
Vitrablok S.r.o. accepts no responsibility for the content of other sites linked to this web site. The use of sites accessible via links from the Vitrablok S.r.o. site takes place under the sole responsibility of the user.
Information provided by the user
The user may not send messages, information and material covered by intellectual property rights or other rights to the Vitrablok S.r.o. site via electronic mail or any other form of communication. Any such message, information or material may be freely used by Vitrablok S.r.o. for any purpose whatsoever.
Variation
Vitrablok S.r.o. reserves the right to revise these terms and conditions at any time. The user is bound by the published terms and conditions at the time they access the site and is therefore required to check such terms and conditions before continuing.
Disputes and applicable laws
By accessing or using the site, the user agrees that any dispute between the user and Vitrablok S.r.o. will be subject to Italian jurisdiction and that the competent court shall be the Court of Florence, that it will be governed by Italian law and that Vitrablok S.r.o. may choose to submit the dispute to any other court of law or country of jurisdiction, as preferred.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more
Choose your language:
English
Italiano
français
Deutsch
Español
Português