http://www.bphpumps.com/company/privacy-policy/
×
Shopping Cart
Name
Quantity
Price
Cart is empty
Total
$0.00
Return to Shopping
Checkout
×
Login
Email
Password
Remember Me
Login
Forgot password?
Dont have account? Register here.
×
Forgotten Password
Email
Submit
Back to login
Products
Resources
Contact
Pump Brands
View All Pump Brands
Close
ABS Pumps
AMPCO Parts
AMPCO Pumps
Ampco Sanitary Pumps
AMT Pumps
Berkeley Pumps
BJM Accessory
BJM Parts
BJM Pumps
BJM Submersible Pumps
Burks Pumps
Cat High Pressure Pumps
Cat Parts
Finish Thompson Pumps
Flojet Pumps
Fluid-O-Tech Pumps
Flux Accessories
Flux Parts
Flux Pumps
Fusion Mixers
General Pumps
Giant Pumps
Gusher Pumps
Hayward Parts
Hayward Pumps
Hypro Pumps
Iwaki Chemical Pumps
Iwaki Magnetic Drive Pumps
Iwaki Metering Pumps
Iwaki Parts
Jabsco Sanitary Pumps
Johnson Pumps
Lutz Parts
Lutz Pumps
Micropump Pumps
Murzan Pumps
Nomad Pump Parts
Novaflex Hoses
Oberdorfer Rotary Centrifugal Pumps
Power-Flo Pumps
Price Centrifugal Pumps
Pulsafeeder Pumps
Pump Motors
Sherwood Pumps
SPX/Johnson Pumps
Stancor Accessory
Stancor Parts
Stancor Pumps
Sta-Rite Pumps
Tuthill Pumps
Verderflex Pumps
Walchem Pumps
Webster Pumps
Yamada Diaphragm Pumps
Yamada Parts
Yamada Pumps
Pump Types
View All Pump Types
Close
Centrifugal Pump
Chemical Dosing Pumps
Container
Diaphragm Pump
Drum Pump
Flexible Impeller Pumps
Gear Pump
High Pressure Plunger Pump
Immersion Pump
Magnetic Drive Pumps
Mechanical Seal Pumps
Natural Gas Driven Operated Pump
Plunger Pump
Positive Displacement Pump
Progressive Cavity Pump
Pump Motors
Pump System Control Panels
Rotary Lobe Pump
Sealless Pump
Self Priming Pump
Shredder Pump
Slurry Pump
Submersible Pumps
Triplex Plunger Pump
Pump Usages
View All Pump Usages
Close
Brewery Beer Pumps
Chemical Processing Pumps
Chemicals
Chiller Pumps
Cosmetic Pumps
Filtration Carterage Systems
Food Processing Pumps
High Pressure Pumps
High Viscosity Pumps
Mixing Pumps
Petroleum Diesel Pumps
Pharmaceutical Pumps
Powder Pumps
Sanitary Pumps
Pump Parts
Specials
Contact Us
Parts Finder
PLEASE NOTE: We Do Not Do Marine Sales Or Pressure Washer Sales
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BPH
Pumps is an internet marketing company that delivers leads and newfound business
to our customers without the need to invade the privacy of the end users that
work with BPH Pumps and BPH Pumps's customers. BPH Pumps has modeled its
privacy policies after Google. BPH Pumps feels that Google provides a wealth of
valuable marketing information to its customers without the invasion of privacy
of the consumer, and BPH Pumps adheres to these standards of excellence.
Information we collect and how we use it
BPH Pumps collects
information from its direct customers and for our direct customers.  This information is used accordingly:
Information you
provide – When you sign up,
we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address and
an account password). For certain services, such as our advertising
programs, we also request credit card or other payment account information
which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers.
Cookies – When you visit BPH Pumps and one of our
customers, we send one or more cookies – a small file containing a string
of characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We
use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user
preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people search.
Log information – When you access BPH Pumps's services, our
servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever
you visit a website. These server logs may include
information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser
type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
User
communications – When you
send email or other communications to BPH Pumps and/or one of BPH Pumps's
customer's, we may retain those communications in order to process your
inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Links – BPH Pumps may present links in a format that
enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use
this information to improve the quality of our search technology,
customized content and advertising.
BPH Pumps uses personal
information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and/or the
supplementary privacy notices for specific services. In addition to the above,
such purposes include:
Providing our services to users, including the
display of customized content and advertising;
Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain,
protect and improve our services;
Ensuring the technical functioning of our
network; and
Developing new services.
Choices for personal information
When you sign up for a
particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal
information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose
for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such
use.
If we propose to use personal
information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy
and/or in the specific service privacy notices, we will offer you an effective
way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes.
Most browsers are initially
set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies
or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some BPH Pumps features
and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
You can decline to submit
personal information to any of our services, in which case BPH Pumps may not be
able to provide those services to you.
Information sharing
BPH Pumps only shares
personal information with other companies or individuals outside of BPH Pumps
in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent
for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries,
affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the
purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that
these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions
and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate
confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use,
preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to
(a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable
governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including
investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent or
otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect
against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of BPH Pumps, its
users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If BPH Pumps becomes involved
in a merger, acquisition or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we
will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes
subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share with third
parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who
searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a
particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.
Information security
We restrict access to
personal information to BPH Pumps employees, contractors and agents who need to
know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject
to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to
meet these obligations.
Data integrity
BPH Pumps processes personal
information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance
with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We
review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we
only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve
our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information
we process is accurate, complete and current, but we depend on our users to
update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
Accessing and updating personal information
When you use BPH Pumps's services, we make good
faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and
either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your
request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate
business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the
information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing
such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably
repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize
the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance,
requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access
is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and
correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would
require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different
procedures to access, correct or delete users' personal information. We provide
the details for these procedures in the specific privacy notices or FAQs for
these services.
About Us
Parts Finder
Services
Resources
Chemical Resistance
Systems
Applications
Pump Information
Ordering & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions