http://www.topconmedical.com/privacy.cfm
Welcome Guest,
Login |
Register
About Topcon |
Careers |
Events |
Support |
Contact Us
|
Dealer Locator
Imaging
|
Diagnostics
|
Refractive
|
Surgical
|
Chairs & Stands
|
Connectivity
|
Non-US Products
|
Lasers
Privacy Policy
What information does Topcon collect?How does Topcon use this information?
You are under no obligation to provide any personal information to Topcon.
However the information Topcon learns from customers helps us
personalize and improve the experience at Topcon's websites.
If you don't provide such information, some features of Topcon's websites may
not be available to you.
Topcon collects certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, Topcon uses "cookies", and obtains certain types of
information when your Web browser accesses a Topcon website. We also receive and store any information you enter on a Topcon website or give
to Topcon in any other way.
Topcon may request and/or collect certain personal information from you; for example your name, address, email address, telephone number,
etc., as well as information related to customer satisfaction surveys, customer purchasing habits, warranty information and/or other
purchasing information or other information volunteered by you.
Topcon may also collect other technical information such as your IP address,
MAC address, internet service provider, computer operating platform, web browser, and other similar information.
Topcon may use this information for purposes such as:
personalizing your experience at our websites;
selectively sending you information that may be of interest to you;
contests and sweepstakes;
market research and on-line surveys;
contacting you about warranty, service and sales issues;
and
automatic monitoring of statistical information to determine how Topcon's web sites are being used.
In addition to the above, Topcon will provide your personal information to the extent required in, or in connection with, any legal proceeding.
Topcon also releases account and other personal information when we believe such release is appropriate in conjunction with Topcon's website
Terms of Use and other agreements or to protect the rights, property or safety of Topcon's websites, our users or others.
This includes
exchanging information with others for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We currently do not knowingly collect or use individual identifying information from children under the age of 13, and we will not do so in
the future without first obtaining verifiable consent from a parent or legal guardian.
Should a child whom we know to be under the age of 13
send individual identifying information to us, we will only use that information to respond directly to the child, seeking parental consent or
to provide parental notice.
Does Topcon share the information with third parties?
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. Topcon may share personal information with business partners in order to improve
your experience with Topcon and for Topcon's marketing purposes. Topcon may share non-personal aggregate data about sales, customers, visitors
to the site and related site information with third parties.
How do I stop Topcon from contacting me via e-mail in the future?
If you have previously subscribed to one of Topcon's mailing services and now you no longer wish to subscribe for such mailings, you may
unsubscribe from such mailing list, on the same webpage where you subscribed. If for some reason, your efforts to unsubscribe were
unsuccessful, or you still need assistance with regard to e-mails from Topcon, please email Topcon at
unsubscribe@topconmedical.com along with an explanatory e-mail.
Does Topcon own this information?
All opinions, ideas, suggestions, and other information submitted to, or learned of, at our web sites may be used by Topcon, without any
restriction and free of charge, and nothing contained in this policy shall limit or otherwise affect this.
What about Topcon's links to other sites?
Topcon's websites may contain links to other websites. Topcon is not responsible for the content that may be on such linked websites or the
manner in which such websites obtain or use your personal information.
Consent
By using the Topcon website, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to these
terms and conditions, please do not disclose any individual identifying information through a Topcon website.
Will this Privacy Statement change?
Topcon may change this policy from time to time, and such changes will be posted here, so please review this policy periodically. Your
continued use of Topcon's website following the posting of any changes to this statement shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Topcon Medical Systems, Inc.
111 Bauer Drive
Oakland, NJ 07436
G: 800.223.1130
P: 201.599.5100
F: 201.599.5250
Support: 866.922.6278
Terms of Use |
Social Media Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Conformance |
Global Gateway
© 2020 Topcon Corporation