http://www.edcorusa.com/conditionsofuse
Register
Log in
Wishlist
(0)
Shopping Cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Personal menu
Menu
Search
Filters
Close
Pro Sound
Combiners & Splitters
Combiners
Splitters
Audio Matchers
BuzzBucker
PCB Mounted/Boxed
Microphone
Line Level
Distribution
Specialty
Stereo to Mono Couplers
Couplers
Boxed
Board Mounted
Audio Distribution
Speaker Distribution
Amplifier Output
Bidirectional
Distribution Matching
Communication/Signal
COM Series
Power
Low Voltage
Tinker Box
Class X
Ribbon Microphone
Ribbon Microphone
Matching
Line Matchers
Specialty
Push-Pull Output
XPP Series
GXPP Series
CXPP Series
Single Ended Output
XSE Series
GXSE Series
CXSE Series
Chokes
Open Frame
PC Mount
CXC Series
Power
Low Voltage
Tube Power
Tinker Box
Amps/Kits
Bruce Heran
Preamps
PP Amps
Dynaco
Tube Amplifier
Fender
Bronco
Champ
Princeton
Pete Millett
SE Amps
PP Amps
Custom
EDCOR designs and builds custom transformers for large and small production runs. Large and Small OEMs, Military, Goverment, Educational, R&D...
Support
Support Forum
FAQ
Knowledgebase
OEM Documents
Contact Us
About Us
Who is EDCOR?
A closer look at EDCOR
Where is EDCOR?
Made In the USA
Menu
Pro Sound
back
Combiners & Splitters
Audio Matchers
Stereo to Mono Couplers
Audio Distribution
Communication/Signal
Power
Class X
back
Ribbon Microphone
Matching
Push-Pull Output
Single Ended Output
Chokes
Power
Amps/Kits
back
Bruce Heran
Dynaco
Fender
Pete Millett
Custom
Support
About Us
Terms of Purchase
These Terms of Purchase (these “Terms” or “Terms of Purchase”) are entered into by and between you and EDCOR Electronics Corporation, a New Mexico corporation (“EDCOR,” “we” or “us”). Your access to and general use of www.edcorusa.com (the “Website”) and your purchase of any products from EDCOR are subject to and governed by these Terms, which incorporate the separately posted Privacy Policy (as amended) and Website Terms of Use (as amended), as well as any modifications to these Terms issued by us, and all applicable laws and regulations other than as specifically provided in any separate formal purchase agreement between you and us.
These Terms apply to all of your purchases from EDCOR and encompass the entire agreement between you and EDCOR. These Terms supersede all previous understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between you and EDCOR and may NOT be altered, supplemented, or amended by you through the use of any other document(s). Any attempt to alter, supplement, or amend these Terms or to enter an order for product(s) subject to additional or altered terms and conditions will be null and void, unless otherwise agreed to in a written agreement signed by both you and EDCOR.
By making a purchase from EDCOR, you agree to comply with the Terms and applicable laws and regulations in connection with your use and purchases from EDCOR. Please read these Terms, the Terms of Use, Return Policy, and the Privacy Policy so that you understand our policies. If you do not agree with these Terms, the Terms and Conditions of Use, or the Privacy Policy, please do not use this site or purchase from EDCOR.
EDCOR shall have the legal right at any time, without prior notice, and at our sole discretion, to revise these Terms or impose new terms and conditions with respect to access to or use of the Website and/or purchases made from EDCOR. Such revisions and additions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including but not limited to posting the revised or additional terms and conditions on the Websites. You should check these Terms periodically for any modifications or revisions. Continued use of the Website after we post changes to these Terms constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
Returns Please note that it takes 3 to 5 business days to process returns once they arrive at our Returns Department. If your order was placed through our online store, you can view completed returns and refunds by visiting Your Account and accessing the relevant order summary.
1.       Custom OEM Products:
a.       EDCOR will warrant a Custom OEM Product for 1 year after Product is shipped to you, to be free from defects in material, workmanship and design.
b.       If the product is deemed defective by EDCOR, EDCOR reserves the right to issue a refund, replacement, or to repair the defective product.
c.       If you receive a defective Product, you should call EDCOR customer service at (575)887-6790 and inform EDCOR of the defect.
d.       You will be responsible for any shipping and other costs associated in returning the Product to EDCOR.
e.       All returns require a Return Material Authorization Number (RMA). Call 1-800-854-0259 in the US, 1-575-887-6790 outside the USA or email sales@edcorusa.com to get an RMA number.
2.       Custom Products: No refunds or exchanges are permitted. All sales are final.
3.       Standard Products:
a.       EDCOR Electronics Corporation will accept product returns and exchanges for most products up to 30 days after delivery. We encourage you to try out your products promptly so any necessary return or exchange can be arranged within 30 days of delivery.
b.       You may return new, unopened products sold by EDCOR Electronics Corporation within 30 days of delivery for a refund. We will also pay the return shipping costs if you are returning as result of our error. Products should be returned in their original product packaging. Any product returned within 30 days of delivery may accrue a 15% restocking charge.
c.       Any product that is opened and deemed defective by our error may be exchanged for the same item or a credit will be issued to your account.
d.       All returns require a Return Material Authorization Number (RMA). Call 1-800-854-0259 in the US, 1-575-887-6790 outside the USA or email sales@edcorusa.com to get an RMA number.
4.       Non-Returnable Items
a.       Any item that is not in its original condition, is damaged, or is missing parts for reasons not due to our error are non-returnable.
b.       Custom manufactured items that are not deemed defective by our error.
c.       Items purchased from sellers other than EDCOR Electronics Corporation.
Refunds EDCOR is not responsible for the current currency exchange rate.
1.       Receiving a Refund
a.       EDCOR will issue a refund after we receive and process your return.
b.       For items directed to our Returns Department, expect your refund within 4 weeks of giving your package to the return shipper (though in most cases you will receive the refund sooner).
c.       If your order was placed through our online store, you can view completed returns and refunds at the bottom of your order summary page in Your Account. If the return and refund do not appear in Your Account within 4 weeks from the day you sent us your return, please contact us for help.
2.       How Refunds are Issued:
a.       Your refund will be credited to the account you used at time of purchase.
b.       Tax (if applicable) is refunded with returns.
c.       Original shipping and handling charges are not refunded unless your return is a result of our error.
Exchanges If you received a faulty item and need to exchange it for the same item, contact us to request a replacement.
Order Acceptance
BY PURCHASING PRODUCTS FROM EDCOR, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND ACCEPT THESE TERMS. EDCOR ONLY ACCPETS THIS TERMS OF PURCHASE AND NO OTHER.
An order is not binding until it is accepted by EDCOR. For an order to be accepted by us, payment method must be received and approved.
Ordering Once your order is placed with EDCOR, it will be shipped in a reasonable time. EDCOR will establish what a reasonable time for delivery is. If your order is needed to be fulfilled by a certain time, we recommend completing your order promptly. You should also allow extra time for custom products. If your order cannot be completed within the reasonable time EDCOR will try to contact you to inform you of the status. If you have any questions regarding delivery times, please contact us at sales@edcorusa.com.
Delivery When order is ready for shipping, we will inspect it for accuracy and defects, then ship the order directly to the shipping address provided when you placed your order. You will be sent an email with tracking information, if you supplied an email address when you placed your order. If a package is returned to us undeliverable, you are responsible to pay the re-shipping and handling of the shipment. If your email address and/or shipping address changes, it is your responsibility to notify us.
Shipping and Handling We ship to almost any address in the world. Carriers do not always deliver to select countries and certain products cannot be shipped to international destinations due to restrictions.
Your package will be shipped using the most efficient carrier to your address. Shipping and handling costs depend on the shipping method you choose (Standard, 2 day, next day, etc.), the weight of the items, number of boxes and the destination. Depending on your location, several shipping methods may be available. For merchandise shipping outside the continental U.S., our shipping and handling rates cover the cost to ship your order. It does not cover any VAT taxes, customs, or duty charges a country may impose on the receiver of the package. Legal title to purchased products passes from EDCOR to you upon shipment from our facility, and we are not responsible for any loss or damage that occurs during shipping.
You may request to have a custom carrier for your shipment or have your packages shipped using your carrier account. Please contact EDCOR to arrange the shipping specifications. Additional dacumentation fees may apply.
A signature is required for your package to be delivered if shipped by FedEx, UPS or LTL freight. Therefore we strongly recommend using a shipping address that has a receiving person to sign for the package. When the package leaves our shipping department, you will be emailed the carrier’s name, tracking number and the shipping date. To receive the package in a timely manner, we suggest using a work address or residence where someone can sign for the package.
*Based on Ground/Economy Shipping: 5-7 days once order is built and shipped. Actual shipping and cost for other shipping services may vary. Additional options may increase the shipping cost.
Force Majeure EDCOR shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of our obligations to the extent such delay or failure is due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to, fires, floods, explosions, accidents, acts of God, declared and undeclared wars or riots, strikes, lockouts or other concerted acts of workmen, acts of government, shortages of materials or any government act, omission, regulation, license, order or rule.
Limited Liability All products that are ordered may be subject to delays in manufacturing, shipping or unavailability of materials. Our legal liability for non-delivery of these items by the shipment date, for whatever reason, is limited to a full refund of the price you paid for those items you paid for in advance.
Payment Method The current payment methods available are: Company check; online from PayPal; credit or charge cards from Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, and debit cards with the Visa or MasterCard logo. Open account payments must be receive by EDCOR within 30 days of invoice date. Orders are processed only after a billing address, or other billing information, has been verified. All payments must be in U.S. currency only.
Pricing While EDCOR strives to provide accurate pricing information, pricing or typographical errors may occur. EDCOR will not confirm the price of an item until you place your order. In the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price, EDCOR has the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. In the event that an item is priced incorrectly, we may, at our sole discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Taxes EDCOR does not charge sales tax for any products shipped outside the state of New Mexico. All orders shipping within New Mexico will be charged the appropriate state and local sales taxes. If you are placing an order through our online store, this information is provided to you during the checkout process after you have provided your billing address. You are solely responsible for any use taxes due in connection with taxable products purchased. If the product is for resale you must provide a resale number at the time of purchase.
International Orders Shipments to destinations outside of the United States may be subject to additional taxes and fees, including but not limited to customs fees, excise taxes, and import duties. You are responsible for paying all such additional charges. You are also responsible for ensuring that the products you ordered may be legally shipped into the destination country. We are not responsible for any shipments that are seized, confiscated or destroyed by government authorities in connection with an international shipment. EDCOR is also not responsible for any delays in shipping transit times. Lost shipment can be files after 120 days from scanned pickup with the carrier.
Content EDCOR attempts to be as accurate as possible in its product descriptions; however, from time to time may make changes with or without notification. We do not warrant that product descriptions and other content of the Website are accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If you find a product is not as described, please contact us at sales@edcorusa.com.
Governing Law and Arbitration These Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Mexico law without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. All claims and controversies arising from or relating to these Terms shall be and conclusively resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, and any judgment upon any award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. All questions as to the meaning of these Terms or as to the arbitrability of any dispute under these Terms shall be resolved by the arbitrators and their decision shall be final and binding and not subject to judicial review. All arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in Eddy County, New Mexico. Costs of such arbitration proceedings shall be evenly split between EDCOR on the one hand, and the party or parties adverse to EDCOR on the other hand. You hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New Mexico and of the United States of America located in the State of New Mexico for the enforcement of any arbitral award, waive any objection to the laying of venue of any such litigation in such court, and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that such litigation has been brought in any inconvenient forum.
Do not refuse delivery or return product without contacting us first.
Effective as of July 1st, 2020.
Categories
Pro Sound
Class X
Amps/Kits
Popular tags
120V
240V
4 Ohms
50Hz.
5V
6.3V
60Hz.
8 Ohms
amplifier
center tapped
Class X
end bell
power
push-pull
valve
View all
Contacts
1 (575) 887-6790
+001 (575) 887-6790
+555 (Fax) 4523768
1 (575) 302-8849
sales@edcorusa.com
edcorusa
Information
Terms of Use
Terms of Purchase
Privacy Policy
Ordering & Pricing
Shipping & Returns
International Shipping
New products
XC50-4H-50mA (125C3A/022707)
CXSE5-8-5K (125A35A/022905/125A3A)
CXSE5-4-5K (125A35A/022905/125A3A)
CXSE5-16-5K (125A35A/022905/125A3A)
Princeton 5E2 & 5F2 (1955-1956)
Princeton 5C2, 5D2, 5F2-A (1954-1955 & 1957-1960)
Announcements
The Ultimate Match Master -
Thursday, July 18, 2013
A new multi-matching transformer for your matching needs.
details
The Design -
Monday, August 27, 2012
Transformers are the least understood of all components.
We thought we would give you some insight into the design.
details
[View Announcements Archive]
Copyright © 1997 - 2020 EDCOR Electronics Corporation.