https://www.freelancebbs.com/fbb/privacy.html
Freelance BBS - Privacy Policy
LOGIN|REGISTER|HELP
Freelance BBS is owned and operated by Gromco Inc.
Gromco is committed to protecting your privacy. The following outlines
how we treat information collected when you visit our Web site
and use our service.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Your IP Address is recorded automatically. IP addresses
do not personally identify users.
Cookies. Our site uses cookies to remember your
sessions parameters (a cookie is a piece of data stored on
the user's computer tied to information about the user.
Most web browsers will accept cookies by default, but they
can be set to reject cookies, either from all websites or
from specific sites. You can also manually delete cookies
from your web browser).
Registration information. For many of our site's features,
user registration is required. Registration entails supplying us with your
(current, working) email address and your name.
Posting information. All information you supply when
posting an ad on our site is recorded.
INFORMATION OUR ADVERTISING PARTNERS COLLECT
Our site features advertisements served by our advertising
partners including Google AdSense. These advertisements may set and
access an "interest-based" cookie on your computer and may serve
you ads based on the value of this cookie. This information is
not accessible to us and is not utilized by our site. For more information
on Google's privacy policy and interest-based ads, including information
on how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please see
Google Privacy Center:
Advertising and Privacy.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
To advertise your skills and/or projects.
Seems pretty obvious, but it never hurts to remind of the obvious:
please remember that information you include in your postings becomes
public. That's actually the reason why you post it here - for others
to see. Since you don't necessarily know who those "others" are, treat
it accordingly.
If you are a freelancer, your profile should include only the truly relevant
information such as your skill and abilities, your prior experience,
project preferences, rates, and so on. Personal data such as your exact date of birth
or your social security / social insurance / ID number are not relevant and we
discourage you from posting such information.
Statistical analysis. We analyze all available information
to look for trends in demographic and statistical data.
We may use any and all information recorded
for the purposes of site administration, spam
and fraud prevention.
We may transfer information we collect to third parties in the following cases:
where required by law (e.g. if we receive a court subpoena)
to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against
legal claims.
if this site or Gromco, Inc as a whole is acquired by or merged with another company.
WHAT WE DON'T DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We do not sell or rent customer lists. We just don't.
We do not send spam. We may send you important
announcements, should there be any (for example, if we
decide to completely change the way our site works),
but we never spam our customers.
Copyright © 1999-2009 Gromco, Inc.
Privacy Policy