http://www.glassonweb.com/news/vistamatic-rebrands-privacy-glass-solutions
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
News
News
VISTAMATIC rebrands as Privacy Glass Solutions
WhatsAppLINKEDINFACEBOOKTWITTERPRINTMORE
WhatsAppLINKEDINFACEBOOKTWITTERPRINTMORE
Date: 24 September 2020Source: www.privacyglasssolutions.com
Photo source
www.privacyglasssolutions.com
Date: 24 September 2020
Specialty Glass Expansion Fuels Name Change and More
With extensive growth into several other areas of specialty glass manufacturing and fabrication, the company once known as VISTAMATIC has rebranded into Privacy Glass Solutions. The new name and brand was developed to give the architectural, design, and glazing markets a clear choice for when they need glass in a specialty application and that Privacy Glass Solutions is it.
With its significant options and high-performance approach, Privacy Glass Solutions is positioned as a leader in the space of specialty glass and glazing for healthcare and educational facilities, interior office settings, hospitality, and any high security environment that calls for monitoring, observation or privacy.
“Updating the brand was a natural move for us,” said Kevin Roth, CEO/Managing Partner of Privacy Glass Solutions. “We had been expanding our offerings for quite a while and serving more segments of the building product world.  We are glad that we now signal a clear approach on being the best source for high performance specialty glass in so many different applications.”
As noted above, Privacy Glass Solutions was previously known as VISTAMATIC. That company began in London, England in 1978 and expanded into the United States in 2005 with one main product, the VISTAMATIC® panels, the world’s leading glazed privacy glass panels. That initial product line developed a coast-to-coast presence of over 3,000 projects completed in 49 states. However, over the past 15 years, a wider range of products were developed including Clarity Switchable Glass, Deco Glass- Digitally Printed Decorative Glass, and BetweenGlassBlinds™. So, with that growth in mind and a desire to better position the company, VISTAMATIC was rebranded into Privacy Glass Solutions.
“We have come a long way since our inception in the US, from one product with two standard size options, to a full range of products that suit every need and budget. As a family run business, with strong values, it is always our goal to provide the best service available. We aim for a stress-free, professional experience that makes every project run as smoothly as possible – on time and within budget. At Privacy Glass Solutions, we will work with you, and for you, to achieve the best result. “Roth added.
Privacy Glass Solutions launched a new website as well and can be located at www.PrivacyGlassSolutions.com
600450
www.privacyglasssolutions.com
2020-09-24T07:32:06
VISTAMATIC rebrands as Privacy Glass Solutions
glassonweb.com
See more news about:
Blinds Decorative Glass Fenestration Glazing Systems Interiors Smart Glass Switchable Glass USA
WhatsAppLINKEDINFACEBOOKTWITTERPRINTMORE
Others also read
MORE...
A+W Software: standardized interfaces with umatiUnder the umbrella of the VDMA (German Engineering Federation), A+W Software-GmbH is part of the umati community.
OKASOLAR 3D insulation glass with sun protection gridOptimal daylight system for a triple-sized sports hall in Luxembourg
NGA Presents Education for Architects: There's a Glass for ThatPresented by Kai-Uwe Bergmann, Robert Garlipp, Urmilla Jokhu-Sowell, and Sophie Pennetier
Steve Marino named The Construction Specifier Article of the Year Award WinnerSteve Marino, manager, technical services, Vitro Architectural Glass (formerly PPG Glass) has been named The Construction Specifier’s Article of the Year Award winner for 2020.
Acoustic benefits achieved through glazing - by Julia Schimmelpenningh, Eastman Chemical CompanyJoin NGA at 1 p.m. ET on 12/10 for this 45-minute Thirsty Thursday session, presented by Julia Schimmelpenningh, Eastman Chemical Company.
Vitro Glass specified for five of AIA’s top 10 green buildings for 2020SOLARBAN glass used on four buildings honored by AIA Committee on the Environment
Add new commentLog in or register to post comments
From industry
Diamon-Fusion International, Inc.
9361 Irvine blvd.
Irvine, CA 92618
United States
Vitro Architectural Glass
400 Guys Run Rd
Cheswick , PA 15024
United States
Walker Glass Company Ltd.
9551 Ray Lawson Blvd.
Montréal QC H1J1L5
Canada
FeneTech Inc.
260 Campus Drive
Aurora, OH 44202
United States
Guardian Europe
19, rue du Puits Romain, L-8070
8070
Bertrange
Luxembourg
Trex Commercial Products
7008 Northland Drive, Suite 150
Minneapolis, MN 55428
United States
Thermoseal Group Ltd.
Gavin Way, Nexus Point, Off Holford Drive,
Birmingham
B6 7AF
United Kingdom
Formator Ltd.
Industrijska zona R.Z. R29
51223 Kukuljanovo
Croatia
NEWS RELATED PRODUCTS
MORE...
Formator Ltd.PrivaStar® smart glass
Diamon-Fusion International, Inc.DIY Kit
Walker Glass Company Ltd.Acid-etched Glass
Fenzi SpaDecorative paints
Trex Commercial ProductsALUMINUM RAILING SYSTEMS
Thermoseal Group Ltd.Decorative Lead
News related articles
glasstec Specialist Article No. 4: Glass in Modern Architecture
FeneTech: A Phishing Story – Part 2
FeneTech: A Phishing Story—Part I
A lesson in color layering
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTERS
Follow us on
Featured
NorthGlass Super Glass to Build a New Highland for Sustainable City Development
R.C.N. Solutions ships a laminating machine to Argentina with a new logistic setting
AGP in New Zealand invests in two Glaston FC furnaces
Wantong Group discuss cooperation in the NorthGlass' Si-Nest project
Upcoming Events
13 JanBAU Hybrid 2021On-site and digital
09 FebNGA Glass ConferenceWebinar
18 FebGlassman Asia 2021Songdo Convenisa, Incheon, South Korea
MORE...