http://www.usbid.com/policy-privacy.cfm
Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.
(321) 725-9565
My Account
RFQ History
Order History
Password Help
Part Numbers
Part Numbers
Part Images
Part Datasheets
Search
Part List
0 item(s)
View List
Your quote list is empty!
Menux
About
Blog
Contact
Directory
Families
Services
Quality
Home » Privacy Policy
Menu
About
Blog
Contact
Directory
Families
Services +
AAA Test Lab
Value Added Manufacturing
Excess Inventory Management
Quality +
Certifications
Inspection Process
Warranty
Counterfeit Avoidance
QTSL/QSLD Qualified
Privacy Policy
Overview
USBid.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Last updated: 1/1/2012
Information We Collect
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site registration form requires users to give us contact information (like your name and email address), unique identifiers -- like your Tax ID -- and financial information -- like your credit card information.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
In addition, we use cookies on certain pages of our site. We may also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Among other reasons why we use cookies, cookies allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information targeted to your interests.
Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
This site contains links to other sites. USBid.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our Use of Your Information
We use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout, and services. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users' needs.
By accepting the User Agreement you expressly agree to receive this information. We use your email address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the site. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you may have the ability to opt-out; see the opt-out statement at the bottom of the page.
We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the site, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular, on rare occasions we may evaluate your information to look for users using multiple User IDs or aliases.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private.
As a general proposition, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
Control of Your Information
Except as specifically permitted by this section, you may not disclose your USBid password to any third parties nor share it with any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf.
Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password as detailed in the Updates section below. You may, however, disclose your password to certain third parties with whom USBid has entered into specific contractual and technical arrangements designed to safeguard your password ("Authorized Password Users").
Security
USBid uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
Choice Opt-Out / Corrections / Updates
Our site provides members the opportunity to opt-out receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. It also gives members the option to change and modify information previously provided.
This site provides members the following options for removing their information from our database, to not receive future communications, or to correct information previously provided:
You can send email to info@usbid.com
For password help, visit My Account page.
You can send postal mail to: USBid Inc, 2320 Commerce Park Drive, Palm Bay, FL 32905, USA
You can call our main phone number 321-725-9565
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at the phone number above, or by email.
Information
Blog
About Us
Management Team
Customer Comments
Customer Service
Contact Us
Warranty
Site Map
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy
My Account
My Account
RFQ History
Forgotten Password
USBid, Inc.
2320 Commerce Park Dr.
Palm Bay, FL 32905
(321) 725-9565
sales@usbid.com
Copyright © 1999-2017
USBid, Inc. All rights reserved