https://www.mainefamilyfcu.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
FACTS
What does Maine Family FCU do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your information. Federal law gives members the right to limit some, but not all, sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the products or services you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security number and income
• Account balances and payment history
• Credit history and credit score
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons Maine Family Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes Maine Family FCU share?Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes- such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.YesNo
For our marketing purposes- to offer products and services to you.YesYes
For joint marketing with other financial companies.NoWe do not share.
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes- information about your transactions and experiences.NoWe do not share.
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes- information about your credit worthiness.NoWe do not share.
For non-affiliates to market to you.NoWe do not share.
Call 207 783-2071 for any questions, or to obtain a copy of this policy . One will be sent to you free of charge.
To limit sharing please email: info@mainefamilyfcu.com
How does Maine Family Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to persons who need to know that personal information to provide products or services to you.
How does Maine Family Federal Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
• Open an account or deposit money
• Pay your bills or apply for a loan
• Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your creditworthiness.
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Website Privacy Policy
Our Online Privacy Practices
Keeping financial and personal information secure is one of our most important responsibilities. Maine Family Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting the information of members and other visitors who use our website. We value your trust and handle all personal information with care. As with information we collect through other means, we use the information you provide online to respond to your needs, service your accounts, and provide you information about other services.
Secure Transmissions
To ensure information remains confidential, Maine Family Federal Credit Union uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology to protect information you enter and submit from our website.
Email Security
Email is not a secure method of contact. You should never provide information that is sensitive or confidential, such as your social security number, account number, or PIN, through unsecured email.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores directly on the computer you are using. Cookies may contain a variety of information, from a simple count of how often you visit a website to information which allows customization of a website for your use. Maine Family Federal Credit Union uses cookies to gather data about the usage of our website and to ensure that you have access to your account information. Anytime a cookie is used, personal information is encrypted for our use only and is protected from third party access (a cookie cannot be read by a website other than the one that sets the cookie).
Third Party Links
Maine Family Federal Credit Union provides links to other websites as a courtesy. These other websites are not operated by Maine Family Federal and Maine Family Federal Credit Union is not responsible for the content or availability of these other linked sites. Please remember that when you leave our website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Once you visit another website, your web privacy and security is defined by that website’s own policies. When accessing any third party content through the Maine Family Federal Credit Union website, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and security offered on that site before providing any personal information. Maine Family Federal Credit Union does not guarantee or assume liability for any third party product or service obtained through our website. Maine Family Federal Credit Union does not represent either the third party or you, the member, if you enter into a transaction.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Call 207 783-2071 for any questions, or to obtain a copy of this policy . One will be sent to you free of charge.