https://www.heico.com/privacy-and-cookie-statement.php
Home
Privacy Policy
HEICO Aerospace Privacy
Table of contents
Introduction
Personal information we collect and purposes
Disclosure of information to third parties
Data security, integrity, and retention
Cookies & similar technologies
Social media plug-ins
International (cross-border) transfers of personal data
How to exercise your data subject rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act
Children’s privacy
Changes to our privacy notice
How to contact us
This privacy notice was last updated on April 24, 2020.
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains how HEICO Aerospace (also referred to as "we," "us," and "our") uses any personal information we collect from or about you, through our interactions with you, and through our products and services, including this website.
Our Privacy Notice applies to all of the services offered by HEICO Aerospace, its subsidiaries, and affiliates, products and services offered on other sites, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Personal information we collect and purposes
We collect information about you to effectively operate our website, to provide information to you about our products and services, and in certain cases, may help to manage our relationship with you. We may also collect personal information when you voluntarily submit it to us, like through a website "contact us" form or e-mail. We collect payment information that you provide to pay for and use our products and services. We collect certain information by automated means when you visit our website, such as the number of visitors and pages accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor the websites to our visitors. We collect this information through various means such as “cookies,” “web beacons” and IP addresses. Please see our Cookie Statement for further information.
The table below explains the categories of information we collect and the purposes for which we use them.
Please note that we may use any or all of this information to comply with the law, detect or prevent fraud, and to defend our legal rights.
Categories of personal information we collect
Purposes of use
Business contact information
For example: company name, your name, email address, and job title.
Build and manage business relationships
Provide goods and services
Send you marketing communications
Contact information and account registration
For example: name, email, postal address, telephone number, account user name and password, business contact information, and any information you may provide to us at an event or in person
Provide goods and services
Personalize your experience
Send you marketing communications
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Protect our services and properties
Transactional
For example: payment details, purchase history, delivery address
Provide goods and services
Personalize your experience
Send you marketing communications
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Protect our services and properties
Research and feedback
For example: comments that you send us through online forms and social media platforms, by email, over the phone, by mail, or in surveys.
Provide goods and services
Personalize your experience
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Employment information
Employment status, employment history, education history CV, information about security clearance, where necessary, your current salary, and other personal information submitted by job applicants
Provide goods and services
Process employment applications
Audio and video
For example: audio recordings of a customer service call or security video footage if you visit one of our properties.
Provide goods and services
Protect our services and properties
Device information and identifiers
For example: IP address, cookie IDs, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and advertising and app identifiers.
Provide goods and services
Operate and improve our website
Protect our services and properties
Disclosure of information to third parties
We may provide your information to third parties who handle information on our behalf. This may help us respond to your inquiry, manage our relationship with you, and to comply with legal obligations. We do not rent or sell personal information to third parties.
Data security, integrity, and retention
We are committed to maintaining the security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice, including providing you the products and services you have requested, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Cookies & similar technologies
We use cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information). This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. You can set your browser not to accept cookies. Your browser may also have the ability to block tracking.
Social media plug-ins
Our website features three plug-ins for easy sharing and following our social media pages: LinkedIn, Twitter, and Facebook. Being on our website does not automatically result in sharing data on these social media networks. These plugins remain inactive (idle) until clicked upon. Once clicked upon, you will be taken to the social media site, with their own privacy statements (which you are recommended to read).
International (cross-border) transfers of personal data
HEICO operates on a global basis. Accordingly, we may transfer the personal information we collect to other countries where we do business, which may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you originally provided the data. We will comply with applicable legal requirements by providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information.
How to exercise your data subject rights
If you would like to access, review, update, rectify, and/or delete any personal information or data we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and/or the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), email heicoprivacy@heico.com or write HEICO Aerospace, 3000 Taft Street, Hollywood, FL 33021, USA, Attn: Privacy Request.
Please include a detailed description of the specific content or information you wish to access, review, update, rectify, and/or delete. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will respond to you as quickly as possible.
California residents
California residents have specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). For more information and to exercise your rights, please see the section below titled “The California Consumer Privacy Act.”
The California Consumer Privacy Act
Under the CCPA, California residents have certain rights regarding the personal information that businesses have about them. This includes the rights to request access or deletion of your personal information, as well as the right to direct a business to stop selling your personal information.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device. In particular, we may have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
NO
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
YES
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To improve our website.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
In limited circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A:
Identifiers.
Category B:
California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C:
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D:	Commercial information
Category E:
Biometric Information.
Category G:	Geolocation Data.
Category H:	Sensory Data.
Category I:
Professional or employment-related information.
Category K:	Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
The Right to Opt-out of Sale
You have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information; however, we may retain information as needed in order to comply with legal obligations, enforce agreements, and resolve disputes.
With respect to cookies, you can always customize your settings at any time.
Right to Request Disclosure
You have the right to request disclosure about what categories of personal information we have disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed. Additionally, you have the right to request disclosure of specific pieces of information. Below is a full list of the information that you can include in your request.
The categories of personal information that we have collected about you
The categories of sources from which we have collected the personal information
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose
The categories of personal information that we have sold about you, as well as the categories of third parties to whom we sold the information
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you that we have collected from you. Please note that we may retain information as needed in order to comply with legal obligations, enforce agreements, and resolve disputes.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying goods or services, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services) for exercising any of the rights afforded to you.
Contact Information
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under the CCPA, email: heicoprivacy@heico.com or write HEICO Aerospace, 3000 Taft Street, Hollywood, FL 33021, USA, Attn: Privacy Request.
Please include a detailed description of the specific content or information you wish to access, review, update, rectify, and/or delete. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will respond to you as quickly as possible
Children’s privacy
We do not intentionally collect information on anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to our privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. The date of the last update is posted at the top of this page.
You are responsible for periodically reviewing this notice
How to contact us
For any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, email heicoprivacy@heico.com or write HEICO Aerospace, 3000 Taft Street, Hollywood, FL 33021, USA, Attn: Privacy Request.
Cookie Statement
This Cookie Statement is part of our Privacy Notice.
We collect certain information by automated means when you visit the https://www.heico.com website.
By continuing to use your device to access this website, you agree that the following information may be collected: your unique device identifier, IP address, information about your devices operating system, mobile carrier and your location information (to the extent permissible under applicable law).
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies allow a website to recognize your device.
What are IP addresses?
An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our website from a device, we may view that device’s IP address. We use this information to understand from what geographic regions our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our website.
How and why do we use cookies and similar technologies?
Cookies may tell us whether you have visited our site before or if you are a new visitor. Cookies may help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may also enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you navigate the site.
We use the following cookies on our website:
Google Analytics.
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the website. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Bing Analytics.
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the website. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
What if I don’t want Cookies?
Most browsers will tell you how to delete cookies, stop accepting new cookies, and how to be notified when you receive new cookies. You will have to visit your particular browsers privacy settings or cookie management documentation for steps.
Google may permit you to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics. More information can be found at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You may opt out of Bing Search History here: https://www.bing.com/profile/history?oma=error:toggle_off
You can opt out of Adobe Analytics here: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
How to contact us
For any questions about this Cookie Statement or our privacy practices, email heicoprivacy@heico.com or write HEICO Aerospace, 3000 Taft Street, Hollywood, FL 33021, USA, Attn: Privacy Request.
Flight Support
Parts
PMA Parts ATA Chapters
Repair
Repair ATA Chapters
Distribution
Electronic Technologies
Data & Microwave
Electrical
Products & Services
About Us
Who We Are
Company Profile
Our History
Our Customers
Subsidiaries
Contact Us
News
Press Releases
Tradeshows & Conferences
Current Ads
Investors
Stock Information
Corporate Governance
Code of Business Conduct
Annual Reports
SEC Filings
Annual Proxy Statement
Board of Directors
Conflict Minerals Policy
Careers
Benefits
Growth History
Job Search
HEICO Worldwide
Our Culture