https://www.glatfelter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
AboutOverview Vision and Values
Senior Leadership Team
Locations
History
News and Events
Glatfelter is a leading global supplier of engineered materials. Our ongoing portfolio transformation is creating a more stable, growth-oriented business, coupled with a leaner cost structure and a new operating model.Learn More
SolutionsOverview Segments Food and Beverage
Personal Care
Consumer
Electrical
Building
Industrial
Packaging
Medical
Technology
Customer Service
Consumers rely on Glatfelter engineered materials for their most important daily needs, beginning with their morning cup of coffee. See how Glatfelter enhances everyday life.Learn More
SustainabilityOverview Our Sustainability Priorities
Environmental
Social
Governance and Ethics
Policies and Certifications
Our commitment to sustainability and being a responsible corporate citizen has been longstanding. Today, we continue to operate in line with our Core Values and contribute to the health, well-being and everyday living of millions of people around the world.Learn More
InvestorsOverview Why Invest in Glatfelter
Financials and Filings
Webcasts and Presentations
Corporate Governance
Glatfelter is a leading global supplier of engineered materials with approximately $928 million in annual revenue. Explore our latest earnings releases and investor presentations, and learn about our governance.Learn More
CareersOverview Why Work for Glatfelter
Search Careers
Generations of talented employees have contributed to Glatfelter's success by leading the way in the development and manufacture of engineered solutions. Today, Glatfelter employs over 2,600 people in a variety of fields across the globe. Start your own Glatfelter success story. Come join our team.Learn More
COVID-19
See our 2019/2020 ESG Report
News & Events
Contact Us
Loading...
Open Search
Search:
Search
Privacy Policy
The Purpose of the Website Privacy Policy
At Glatfelter, we are committed to protecting your privacy. This policy explains the type of information Glatfelter Corporation, Capitol Towers South, 4350 Congress Street, Suite 600, Charlotte, NC 28209 USA (“Glatfelter,” “we,” “our,” or “us”), collects via our website, www.glatfelter.com (“Website”) and informs you of the specific practices and guidelines protecting the security and confidentiality of your Personal Data. This policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by a third-party or through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Please read this policy carefully. If any term in this policy is unacceptable to you, please do not use this Website. This policy may change from time to time (see the Revisions to Our Privacy Policy section below). The current version you will find under the “Privacy Policy” link on the bottom of the Website home page, a practice that is industry-standard for such website privacy policies.
Information we Collect about you and how we Collect it
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, which may include information defined as personal data or personally identifiable information under applicable laws (“Personal Data”). We gather limited Personal Data, primarily by asking you to provide such information. For example, we may collect information such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, country, job function, company/organization name, industry, current customer status, product interests, and information related to inquiries and requests. We may also collect information about your internet connection and the equipment you use to access our Website. As you navigate through the Website, we may automatically collect information such as your usage details, IP addresses, and time when accessed.
Information You Give to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided when you use the “Contact Us” email form to send an email to our staff or provide feedback by email; when you request information material from us; or when we process and respond to your inquiries related to our products, technical support and customer service.
Records and copies of your correspondence with us (including email addresses).
Information We Collect About You.
As with many other websites, as you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including resources that you access and use on our Website, traffic data, location data, logs, language, date and time of access, frequency, and other communication data.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, host domain, and browser type.
Details of referring websites (URL).
The information we collect automatically is statistical data that helps us improve our Website and deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Determine Website traffic patterns.
Count Website visits.
Determine traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Website.
Help us to know which pages and content are the most and least popular.
Observe Website search patterns to provide more intuitive navigation cues.
Determine user frequency and timing.
Cookies Used on This Website.
Our Website uses single-session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent) cookies. Temporary cookies last only as long as your web browser is open, and are used for technical purposes such as enabling better navigation on our Website. Once you close your browser, the cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer for longer periods and are used for purposes including tracking the number of unique visitors to our Website and information such as the number of views a page gets, how much time a user spends on a page, and other pertinent web statistics. Cookies, by themselves, will not be used by the Company to disclose your individual identity. This information identifies your browser, but not you, to our servers when you visit the Website. If you want to disable the use of cookies or remove them at any time from your computer, you can disable or delete them using your browser (consult your browser’s “Help” menu to learn how to delete cookies); however, you must enable cookies to access certain information on our Website.
How we use your Information
Below is information about how we process information collected about you (including Personal Data) as well as the corresponding legal basis. We may process your information where the processing is:
Necessary for entering into or the performance of a contract with you. For example:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products, and services that you request from us.
To process your job application.
Necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation.
Necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by a third-party or us (to the extent it does not infringe on any data subject’s fundamental rights and freedoms). For example:
To ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service (when you choose to do so).
To keep our Website safe and secure.
To provide you with technical support and to improve our Website and services.
To provide you with information that you have requested and respond to your inquiries.
To notify you about changes to our service or our Website.
If you are an existing customer, to communicate (including by email and SMS) with you to provide information about goods and services similar to those that were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you.
Subject to applicable law and regulations, in the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, to transfer, sell, or assign to third-parties information concerning your relationship with us, including, without limitation, Personal Data you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
Pursuant to valid consent provided by you, to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, simply do not opt-in when we ask for your consent on the relevant forms where we collect your data.
For any other purpose where you have provided valid consent, where legally required.
Disclosure of your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. Subject to applicable law and regulations, we may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide as described in this policy:
To any member of our group, which means our affiliates and subsidiaries.
To contractors, service providers, and other third-parties we use to support our business or in connection with the administration and support of the activities noted above and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them (e.g., database hosting providers, managed services providers, developers, or consultants).
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructure, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Glatfelter’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Glatfelter about our Website users is among the assets transferred and as allowed by EEA law.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you email us asking us to contact a third-party, we may transmit the contents of your email to the recipient.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide your information or with your consent when required by applicable law and regulations.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Glatfelter, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or other entities acting as data processors processing data on behalf of us. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your request or order and the provision of support services. Glatfelter has implemented international data transfer agreements on the basis of EU Standard Contractual Clauses in order to provide appropriate and suitable safeguards for Personal Data being transferred to countries outside the EEA where an adequate level of protection is not already guaranteed. A copy can be obtained by contacting the Glatfelter Law Department at Capitol Towers South, 4350 Congress Street, Suite 600, Charlotte, NC 28209 USA or by email at GeneralCounsel@glatfelter.com or by phone at +1-717-225-2066. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and subject to appropriate safeguards in accordance with this policy and applicable legislation.
Data Retention
Unless otherwise required by law, Glatfelter will also erase Personal Data (i) when it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; (ii) when you withdraw your consent (where lawfulness of processing was based on your consent) and there are no other legal grounds for the processing; (iii) when you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; (iv) when your personal data has been unlawfully processed; and (v) when it is necessary to comply with legal obligations.
Choices about how we use and Disclose your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Cookie settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Do Not Track. We do not currently respond to ‘do not track’ signals as we do not track our visitors across third-party websites.
Promotional Offers from Glatfelter.
If you do not wish to have your contact information used by us to promote our products or services, you can check certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also always exercise your right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes by contacting us at GeneralCounsel@glatfelter.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. Please note that this does not apply to information provided to Glatfelter as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience, or other similar transactions.
Your Rights Regarding your Personal Data
You may at any time exercise certain rights you have under applicable law and regulation, including the following rights:
The right to request access to your Personal Data, which includes the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether Personal Data concerning you is being processed, and where that is the case, access to the Personal Data and information related to how it is processed.
The right to rectification or erasure of your Personal Data, which includes the right to have incomplete Personal Data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement, and certain rights to request us to erase your Personal Data without undue delay.
The right to restrict or object to processing your Personal Data, which includes restricting us from continuing to process your Personal Data under certain circumstances (e.g., where you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data, processing is unlawful, your Personal Data is no longer needed for the purposes of processing, or you have otherwise objected to processing related to automated individual decision-making).
The right to data portability, which includes certain rights to have your Personal Data transmitted from us to another controller.
Where Personal Data processing is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent at any time.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Any requests related to the above rights may be made by sending an email to GeneralCounsel@glatfelter.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Personal Data provided to us in accordance with this policy will be encrypted in transit and at rest. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of your Personal Data is at your own risk.
Third-Party Websites
Our Website may contain links or references to other websites outside of our control. Please be aware that this policy does not apply to these websites. Glatfelter encourages you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced websites you enter. These third-party websites may send their own cookies and other tracking devices to you, log your IP address, and otherwise collect data or solicit Personal Data. GLATFELTER DOES NOT CONTROL AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WHAT THIRD PARTIES DO IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR WEBSITES, OR HOW THEY HANDLE YOUR PERSONAL DATA. PLEASE EXERCISE CAUTION AND CONSULT THE PRIVACY POLICIES POSTED ON EACH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE FOR FURTHER INFORMATION.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and Glatfelter does not knowingly collect or use any Personal Data from children under the age of 16. No one under the age of 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us at Glatfelter Law Department at Capitol Towers South, 4350 Congress Street, Suite 600, Charlotte, NC 28209 USA or by email at GeneralCounsel@glatfelter.com or by phone at +1-717-225-2066.
Revisions to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Any changes we make will be posted on this page. The date this policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have a deliverable email address for you, and for periodically monitoring and reviewing any updates to this policy. Your continued use of our Website after such amendments will be deemed your acknowledgement of any changes to this policy.
Data Controller & Contact Information
The data controller for the Website is Glatfelter Corporation, Capitol Towers South, 4350 Congress Street, Suite 600, Charlotte, NC 28209 USA.
Should you have any questions or concerns about this policy and our privacy practices, you may also contact our Legal Department at:
Glatfelter Legal Department
Capitol Towers South
4350 Congress Street, Suite 600
Charlotte, NC 28209 USA
Email: GeneralCounsel@glatfelter.com
Telephone: +1-717-225-2066
(Rev. 5 2020-02-11)
About
Vision & Values
Senior Leadership Team
Locations
History
News & Events
Solutions
Segments
Food & Beverage
Personal Care
Consumer
Electrical
Building
Industrial
Packaging
Medical
Technology
Customer Service
Sustainability
Our Sustainability Priorities
Environmental
Social
Governance & Ethics
Policies & Certifications
Investors
Why Invest in Glatfelter
Financials & Filings
Webcasts & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Careers
Why Work for Glatfelter
Search Careers
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Stock Quote
Loading...
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Declaration
CCPA
Legal Notices
Impressum
Datenschutz
Suppliers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2020 Glatfelter Corporation (r)