http://www.wpcsoft.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
About Us
Careers
Partners
Services
Product List
Asset Manager
Bespoke Software
CATS
COMPACT
Core-DMS
Core-Vet
Crime in Action
Crimson
ELVIS-VR
Equitrax
Ground Manager
Inca
Inn Keeper
Shogun
Tocsin
WPC Coroners
WPC Protect
News
Customers
Commercial
Government
Police
Business Areas
Asset Management
Coroners Management
Investigation Management
Licensing Management
Professional Standards
Public Protection
Spectator Management
Vehicle Management
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
WPC Software does not collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us. You are free to browse this website anonymously.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that a website transfers to your device that allows our server to remember specific information about your usage session. While visiting our website, you may encounter pages that employ cookies to:
make it easier to use dynamic site features
measure how many visitors are using our services so they can be made easier to use and to ensure there's enough capacity to ensure they are responsive
collect data to help us understand how our services are used so we can improve them
You can set your browser to disable cookies or prompt you before a cookie is accepted. If you do not want to receive cookies, you will still be able to use our website.
Our website uses Google Analytics which deploys the following cookies to your device:
Cookie Name
Typical Content
Expires
_utma
a randomly generated number
2 years from set/update
_utmb
a randomly generated number
30 minutes from set/update
_utmc
a randomly generated number
when user exits browser
_utmz
a randomly generated number and information about how the page was reached
6 months from set/update
Visit the
Google Analytics website for further details on the cookies it sets.
Personally Provided Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information by sending an email, or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it through our website, we use that information to respond to your enquiry and to help us provide you with information or material that you request. If provided, personally identifiable information is maintained in a database that is secure within WPC Software. Only employees of WPC Software will have access to your volunteered information. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal information to a third party, unless required to by law.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to other Internet sites. Once you leave our site and visit another site, you are subject to the terms and privacy policy of the new site.