https://www.qualitycustomlanyards.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy - Quality Custom Lanyards
Skip to the content
1-800-952-0305
info@qualitycustomlanyards.com
Quality Custom Lanyards
Custom Lanyards
Menu
Home
PRICING
STYLES
Imprinted Polyester Lanyards
Custom Woven Lanyards
Dye Sublimation Lanyards
Imprinted Shoelace Tube Lanyards
Imprinted Nylon Lanyards
Eco-Friendly Lanyards
OPTIONS
EXAMPLES
Custom Lanyards With Metallic Printing
Custom Key Club Lanyards
Police Fire EMS Lanyards
Custom Company Lanyards
Custom School Lanyards
Custom Sports Lanyards
CONTACT
ORDER
The following terms and polices apply for Quality Lapel Pins, Inc, QualityLapelPins.com, QualityCustomLanyards.com, QualityEmbroideredPatches.com, QualityChallengeCoins.com and BikerPin.comIntroductionWe are committed to safeguarding your privacy on our websites and as our customer. This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data that is collected; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.Who we are?Quality Lapel Pins, INC13978 West Bowles AvenueBuilding B, Suite 100Littleton, CO 80127100% Signature Quality Guarantee:Here at Quality Lapel Pins we stand behind every custom order with our 100% Signature Quality Guarantee. We will replace any defective custom product. We only require that you submit via email in writing the issue and document that issue with digital photographs of the defective product. This must be done within 30 days of receiving your custom order. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “defect” or “defective” means a manufacturing error.Ordering a custom product:When ordering a custom product through Quality Lapel Pins, we work hard to create the correct custom item and have it delivered to you in a timely manner. Having said this, we rely on you for vital information in order to produce all of our specific custom products. Any info that is not relayed via email in writing may affect the custom making process and the time in which it takes to deliver your custom product.A production digital proof of your custom product will always be emailed to you before any manufacturing will take place on your order. All artwork must be approved in writing by you the customer. Once your approval is given to Quality Lapel Pins, any changes that you decide to make after that time may result in additional cost and delayed manufacturing time. Because all items are custom made for you the customer, there are no refunds given on any custom orders. Custom orders may not be returned to Quality Lapel Pins for a refund or future order credit. In addition, once manufacturing has begun on a custom order, it cannot be canceled without you paying for the work that has been done up to the point of cancellation.Quality Lapel Pins uses a Pantone (PMS) color matching system, and it is important that you indicate your color choices using Pantone PMS numbers. If PMS colors are not specified by you then Quality Lapel Pins will pick PMS colors for you. For additional information regarding the Pantone (PMS) color matching system, visit the Pantone site at www.pantone.com. In addition, because all computer monitors/ printers do not display colors in the same way, you should confirm your color choice by consulting a Pantone (PMS) color book/chart, which are available at most art supply stores. Embroidered products and true cloisonné products do not use PMS colors, however you can still specify PMS colors and Quality Lapel Pins will match them as close as possible to what is available in these finishes.Quality Lapel Pins is a custom products manufacturer and all items made are for your use, and because of this, a 50% down payment is required to begin the manufacturing process. The remaining balance due on your custom order will be paid for by you at the time your product ships to you the customer. Outstanding balances that are not paid when an order ships are subject to penalty charges assessed by Quality Lapel Pins based on the amounted owed to Quality Lapel Pins and the delinquent time that has passed and/or may continue to pass.Legal ownership of any and all logos, trademarks, and copyrights. By submitting your design to Quality Lapel Pins you warrant that you have the legal right to reproduce (or have reproduced) any logos or other images associated with your order. You also certify that the production of any images you submit does not infringe on any other person/entity’s intellectual property rights. You also agree not to hold Quality Lapel Pins, Inc. responsible for any legal issues that may arise. Quality Lapel Pins, Inc. owners and employees assume no liability in trademark or copyright disputes. You have agreed you have permission to reproduce the approved artwork and take full responsibility for any copyright or trademark infringement. In the event that a legal dispute arises, it is agreed that the exclusive jurisdiction and venue for such a dispute is Jefferson County, Colorado, USA., and that the prevailing party is entitled to an award of reasonable attorney’s fees before trial or hearing, during trial or hearing, after trial or hearing, and/or appeal. Should Quality Lapel Pins be named in a copyright/trademark infringement lawsuit arising out of Quality Lapel Pins’ use of a copyright/trademark protected item provided by you for use in your product, you agree to indemnify Quality Lapel Pins for any damages and/or litigation-related expenses borne by Quality Lapel Pins. Purchase of merchandise from Quality Lapel Pins in no way, shape or form grants you permission to reproduce logos, nor does it transfer, grant or lease ownership of any logos or trademarks to you. All sales are final. Due to the custom nature of the products we manufacture, all sales are final. Once an order has been placed, it may not be canceled for any reason. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Quality Lapel Pins, and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms, or any activity related to use of the Site (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Quality Lapel Pins offers secure online credit card processing as a convenience to our customers which is available 24/7. Our hope is that you will find this payment system quick and convenient. The security of your financial and personal information is of the utmost importance to us, and we pledge to ensure that your information is handled in the safest and most secure fashion (please contact your salesperson to discuss our security procedures). As an added security feature, Quality Lapel Pins will delete any order that is processed via credit card 1 month after payment has been processed (your credit card information is not kept on file for future orders).Shipping your custom product:Products damaged or lost while in possession of a carrier (such as FedEx, DHL, UPS, USPS, XPS or any other private or paid carrier) are not the responsibility of Quality Lapel Pins. You must file a claim directly with the carrier used on that shipment for any issues or means of reimbursement.What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, or fill out a form.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the “do we use cookies?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To improve our website – we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from youTo improve customer service – your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needsTo process transactions – your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product, financial transactions or service requested.We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.We may disclose your name, address, phone number, and order information to subcontractors for the purpose of delivering the product.To send periodic emails – the email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.Internal research and development purposesWhen do we share personal data?To process financial transactionTo ship productsLegal obligationsWith your consentAny signed contactsHow do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your credit card information will not be stored on our servers.How to contact us?Quality Lapel Pins, INC13978 West Bowles AvenueBuilding B, Suite 100Littleton, CO 80127Please include your contact information so we can get in touch with you regarding your concerns.Do we use cookies?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow them) that enable the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use Google Analytics and Cpanel to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics and Cpanel gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website such what web browsers were used, IP locations of visitors and how long visitors stayed on our website and which pages they visited.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your ConsentBy using our site, ordering, or submitting a quote, you consent to our web site privacy policy and terms.By requesting a quote and/or ordering through any of our website site you consent to our terms and policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy or TermsIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.We reserve the right to refuse to make custom products for anyone, at anytime  for any reason.
ABOUT US
HELP
BLOG
COLOR CHART
SEND PAYMENT
QUALITYLAPELPINS.COM  |  QUALITYEMBROIDEREDPATCHES.COM  |  QUALITYCUSTOMLANYARDS.COM  |  QUALITYCHALLENGECOINS.COM  |   BIKERPIN.COM
GET YOUR FREE QUOTE
Privacy and Terms of Use   |   Copyright 2020 Quality Lapel Pins, Inc. All Rights Reserved