http://www.alifood.it/legal-notes/
EN
JA
Dry products
Typical italian specialties
Italian Pasta
Rice and Risotto
Edible oils
Italian Vinegars
Tomato Products
Preserved vegetables
Italian Traditional Pasta Sauces
Olives and pickels products
Bakery products and cookies
Italian gelato bases
Italian Truffle products
Italian Filled pasta
Food powders products
Flour and grain mill products
Italian coffee beans and ground
Fresh products
DOP italian cheese
Parmigiano Reggiano DOP
Grana Padano DOP
Provolone DOP cheese
Pecorino romano DOP
Mozzarella di Bufala DOP
Taleggio DOP
Castelmagno DOP
Gorgonzola DOP
Asiago DOP
Raschera DOP
Bra DOP
Montasio
Toma piemontese DOP Cheese
Fontina Valle d’Aosta DOP
Others italian cheese
Mozzarella Fresh Italian Cheese
Italian Scamorza Cheese
Italian Burrata
Ricotta Italian Cheese
Italian Stracchino Cheese
Mascarpone italian cheese
Ubriaco italian cheese
Valcasotto Cheese
Spreadable Processed Cheese
Italian dairy products
Italian butter
Milk Cream
Frozen Italian food products
Cheese
Frozen Italian Mozzarella Cheese
Frozen Italian Ricotta Cheese
Frozen Italian Burrata Cheese
Frozen Italian Stracchino Cheese
Frozen italian Scamorza Cheese
Frozen Italian Blue Cheese
Frozen Italian Provolone Cheese
Frozen Italian Mascarpone Cheese
Cured meats
Frozen Italian Raw Ham
Frozen Italian cooked ham
Frozen Italian Pancetta
Frozen Italian Smoked Pancetta
Frozen Italian Speck
Frozen Italian Bresaola
Frozen Italian Coppa Cured Meat
Frozen Italian Spicy Salami
Others italian typical specialties
Frozen Italian Pizza
Frozen italian fresh pasta
Frozen Italian Pasta Sauces
Frozen Italian vegetable products
Frozen Italian Ready-to-eat-meals
Italian gelato specialties
Frozen Italian bakery products
Polenta
Wines & beverage
Alcoholic and analcoholic beverage
Italian White Wines
Italian Red Wines
Rosè wines from Italy and France
Italian Sparkling Wines
Italian spirits and liqueurs
Italian fruit juices and nectars
Who are you?
Restaurant
Grocery
Industry
Retail
Traders
Discover our blog
Global Italian food traders
We freeze the freshness
Other Languages
Arab
Chinese
Russian
Login
Contact
Newsletter
Home | Legal notes
Legal notes
Company data
VAT NUMBER: 02357440995
Headquarter: Salita Santa Caterina 4/6A – 16123 Genova
Registry office of Companies: Genova N°8343
Paid-up Capital: 100.000 € (Fully paid)
Business Entity: S.r.l
Disclaimer
No legal responsibility can be taken for any of the contents within the present Web site and regarding its eventual use by third parties: this is especially valid for any eventual contamination derived from the access, interconnection, downloading of several materials as well as IT programs from this Web site.
Therefore Alifood Srl along with the other companies, which can dispose of the present Web site, will not be considered responsible for any kind of damage, loss, prejudice of any sort, which third parties are ever likely to undergo, as a direct consequence of a contact with the present Web site, or as a result of the use of any of the contents within the present Web site or in relation with employed software packages.
Alifood Srl can easily employ eventual information, possibly communicated spontaneously by third parties to the present Web site.
Treating personal data
The security of your personal information is very important to us. The personal information that you provide to us on our website when you register or update an account, or place an order telephonically or by email (i.e. name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) is maintained in private files on our internal systems. We share information about our customers with some of our producers companies and reputable third parties in order to help us provide better service to you. These third parties may be given access to some or all of the information you provide to us. Alifood requires these third parties to maintain your information in the strictest confidence. Also we will not sell, rent or share your email address with others for them to send you unsolicited email.
The access to some sections of the Web site and/or eventual information and data request by visitors of the Web site can be subordinated to the insertion of personal data, which will be treated in full compliance with Law n. 196 of June 30th 2003. Submitting the aforementioned personal data is completely facultative and however by no means binding for any interested user.
Alifood Srl, a company always fully compliant with the Italian Law, is the owner of the data processing and prime responsible for the treatment of such data. All personal data will be used only for the sales activities managed directly by Alifood’s staff and by the companies involved in the trade of Alifood products. In addition, your data can be used to send Alifood advertisement and information to you., as far as information requests an promotional publishing is concerned.
In particular it will be responsible – employing ITC, and if necessary ordinary manual tools – for all personal data according to the above stated purposes; its approach is strictly bound to the above-mentioned purposes and in any case will guarantee absolute privacy for all users.
The interested person will be able to claim its rights towards Alifood Srl – Società a Responsabilità Limitata – according to what stated in the article nr. 07 – 10 of the above-mentioned Law n. 196 of June 30th 2003, just by sending an e-mail message to the following address alifood@alifood.it or with a letter by surface mail addressed to:
Alifood Srl
Salita Santa Caterina 4/6A
16123 – Genova – ITALY
Cookies
Type of data processed
Data voluntarily supplied by users
Optional, explicit, voluntary sending of email to the addresses identified on this website will result in acquisition of the sender’s email address, necessary to respond to requests, and any other personal data the sender may include in the message.
Specific summary information will be reported or displayed on the pages on the website corresponding to particular services, available on request.
Optional nature of providing data
Users are free to spontaneously provide their personal data in request forms or provided in contact information in order to request sending of informative materials or other correspondence.
Failure to provide this data may make it impossible to respond to the request.
For the sake of completeness, note that in some cases (though not in ordinary operation of this website) the Authority may request news and information under section 157 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 for the purposes of control of personal data processes. In these cases, note that the site administrator is obliged to respond, and will be subjected to administrative sanctions in the event of failure to do so.
Processing methods
Personal data is processed using automated data processing tools only for time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data was collected.
Specific security measures are observed to prevent data loss, unlawful or incorrect use and unauthorised access.
DATA SUBJECTS’ RIGHTS
A data subject shall have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him exist and to know their content and origin, to check their accuracy and to request integration or updating, or rectification (section 7 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003).
Under the same section, data subjects are entitled to request erasure, anonymization or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, and in all cases to object to their treatment on legitimate grounds.
Requests in this regard should be sent to the Data Controller, identified above.
Emails sent
The content of all e-mails and attachments shall be treated as confidential and intended only for the recipient(s) to whom the e-mail is addressed.
If you receive an e-mail by mistake, please notify us immediately and delete it from your computer. The content of e-mails may not be copied or disclosed. All abusive use of the information contained herein by third parties or parties not identified in the e-mail may be prosecuted under the law. This notice is provided under section 13 of Legislated Decree no. 196 of 30/06/2003 in relation to personal data processing. Data on the user’s e-mail address shall be processed for the purposes of sending material providing commercial information; the data will not be disclosed to third parties and will be treated in compliance with the legal requirements of confidentiality and security.
EU PRIVACY REGULATIONS AND USE OF COOKIES IN WEBSITES
Notice on cookies
Like many other websites, we use cookies to make your experience browsing our website easier and more intuitive. Cookies are usually small text files, given ID tags that are stored on your computer’s browser directory or program data subfolders. Cookies are created when you use your browser to visit a website that uses cookies to keep track of your movements within the site, help you resume where you left off, remember your registered login, theme selection, preferences, and other customization functions. Cookies are often indispensable for websites that have huge databases, need logins, have customizable themes, other advanced features.
Cookies do not record any personal information, and any identifiable data will not be memorised. You may block saving of some or all cookies if you wish; this may, however, compromise the way in which you can use the website and the services offered. To proceed without modifying cookies options, simply continue browsing.
What types and categories of cookie are used, and for what purposes?
Websites use different types of cookies, each of which has a specific function. The Data Controller uses cookies to make websites simpler and adapt both the sites and the products to users’ needs and interests. Cookies may also be used to speed up future browsing experiences and activities on websites. Cookies are also used to compile anonymous aggregated statistics which help us understand how users use websites in order to improve their content and structure.
Below is an explanatory list.
Technical cookies
“Technical” cookies are essential to permit the proper functioning of websites and allow users to browse sites and make use of their features (for instance, by permitting memorisation of previous actions or permitting saving of the user’s session and/or performance of other activities strictly necessary for the functioning of websites).
This category also includes “analytic” cookies, which help us to understand how users interact with websites, supplying information on the most recent page visited, the number of sections and pages visited, the amount of time spent on websites and everything that happened during the browsing session, for instance, if there was an error message, helping us to understand the difficulties users may encounter in using websites. This information may be associated with details on the user such as IP address, domain or browser; they will, however, be analysed together with information from other users so that no one user may be distinguished from the others. These cookies are collected and grouped together in anonymous form and allow us to improve site performance.
Lastly, “functional” cookies allow websites to remember users’ choices (such as username) for more personalised, optimised browsing. Functional cookies are not essential for the functioning of the website, but improve the quality and experience of browsing. If you do not accept these cookies, the performance and functioning of the website may be inferior, and your access to site content may be limited.
Profiling cookies
“Targeting” or “profiling” cookies are used to present content more appropriate to the user and his or her interests. They may be used to display targeted advertising, to publish advertising inserts customised on the basis of the user’s interests, or to limit the number of times the user sees a given advertisement. They also help to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on websites; the Data Controller may use these cookies to remember the sites the user visited and share this information with third parties, including agencies and advertisers who may use their own cookies to collect information on the activities performed by users on websites.
“Sharing” (or social network) cookies are necessary to permit the user to interact with websites through his or her own account on a social network and are used, for example, to express appreciation and share a website with one’s social contacts.
The site uses, or may use, the following types of cookie, or combinations thereof:
“session” cookies which are memorised on the user’s computer for merely technical and functional reasons, to permit transmission of session identifiers necessary to permit safe, efficient browsing of the website; they are deleted when the browser is closed at the end of the “session” (hence the name);
“persistent” cookies, which are stored on the computer’s hard disk until they expire or are deleted by users. Persistent cookies permit automatic recognition of users who come back to the website (or other users who use the same computer).
Third party cookies
While browsing our website you may also receive cookies from third parties such as those used for Google Analytics, a web analysis service supplied by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to analyse how users use the site. Information on use of the web site (including your anonymous IP address) generated by cookies will be transmitted to and stored on Google’s servers in the United States. Google will use this information to examine your use of the website, prepare reports on site activities for the site’s operators and supply other services pertaining to website activity and use of internet. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required to do so by law, or if these third parties process this information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data in Google’s possession. You may refuse to use cookies by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser, but we remind you that in this case it is possible that you may not be able to use all the functions available on this website. This site may also use a number of “social plugins” for sharing and communication of content; their use is optional. When you use one of the social plugins, the site will, through your browser, contact servers on which the social sharing services in question are managed, providing them with the data you intend to publish and share through your profile on the social network in question (which you alone are responsible for) and informing the servers of the pages you have visited. Remember that to prevent this from happening, all you need to do is avoid sharing content using social network sharing buttons. For more information on the use and collection of data through the following social plugins, and to find out how the data thus collected and transmitted is processed, please read the privacy and legal information issued by the operators of the services in question.
How do cookies work, and how can they be deleted?
The operating methods and options for limiting or blocking cookies may be regulated by changing the settings of your internet browser. The majority of internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies automatically, but users may change these settings to block cookies or be warned whenever cookies are sent to their devices. There are a number of different ways of managing cookies; please refer to the instruction manual or help screen of your browser to determine how to control and adjust settings. Users may change the predefined configuration and disable cookies (block them permanently) by setting the highest level of protection.
Below are the paths to follow to manage cookies on the following browsers:
Explorer:
http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-cookies
Safari:
http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11913
Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it-IT&hlrm=fr&hlrm=en
Firefox:
http://support.mozilla.org/it-IT/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
How to disable third party services’ cookies:
Google Analytics services:
http://www.google.it/analytics/learn/privacy.html
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Interaction with social networks and external platforms:
+1 button and Google+ social widgets (Google Inc.):
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads?hl=en
The +1 button and Google+ social widgets are services for interaction with the Google+ social network supplied by Google Inc.
Like button and Facebook social widget (Facebook, Inc.):
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://www.facebook.com/help/cookies?ref_type=sitefooter
The “Like” button and Facebook social widgets are services for interaction with the Facebook social network supplied by Facebook, Inc.
Tweet button and Twitter social widgets (Twitter, Inc.):
https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170514-twitters-use-of-cookies-and-similar-technologies
The Tweet button and Twitter social widgets are services for interaction with the Twitter social network supplied by Twitter, Inc.
Pin button and Pinterest social widgets (Pinterest, Inc.):
https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
The Pin button and Pinterest social widgets are services for interaction with the Pinterest social network supplied by Pinterest, Inc.
Linkedin button and social widgets (Linkedin):
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
The Linkedin button and social widgets are services for interaction with the Linkedin social network supplied by Linkedin Inc.
Youtube and third-party services of Google Inc.:
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads?hl=en
http://www.google.it/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Youtube is a social network for viewing video content managed by Google Inc. and permitting integration of content in your own pages.
Vimeo of Vimeo, LLC:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
Vimeo is a social network for displaying video content managed by Vimeo, LLC and permitting integration of content in your own pages.
Third party cookies are not controlled directly by the Data Controller, and so if you wish to revoke your consent to use of these cookies you must contact the third parties’ internet sites or go to the website www.youronlinechoices.com/en/ to obtain information on how to delete or manage cookies on the basis of the browser you use and to manage your preferences regarding third-party profiling cookies.
This pay may be viewed via a link at the foot of each page on the website in accordance with section 122 paragraph two of Legislative Decree 196/2003 and following simplified methods for notification and acquisition of consent to use of cookies published in Gazzetta Ufficiale no. 126 on June 3 2014 and the corresponding register of measures no. 229 dated May 8 2014. Visit the Privacy Authority’s web page for additional information on cookies.
This page uses cookies. Visiting this web site, you approve the use of cookies. For more information about the use of cookies in this web site, please click on More information.I agreeMore information