http://www.aar-eeo.com/learning/privacy-policy.html
Find a Local Tutor
Guitar Lessons
Spanish Lessons
Dance Instructors
Learn CPR
Golf Lessons
Community Colleges
Home » Privacy Policy for Aar-Eeo.Com
Privacy Policy for Aar-Eeo.ComAar-Eeo.Com recognizes that you want to research local tutors and training classes anonymously
Aar-Eeo.Com does not share your personal information with any outside organizations. In some cases, however, we may direct you to other sites in order to provide a highly informative browsing experience for you.
To enhance your browsing experience, we use a GEO-IP tracking database to determine the general location of a search query. This enables us to match you with the vendors that are closest to your geographical location. For more information, please read our IP Tracking Disclaimer.
The Use of Tracking Cookies
The companies that advertise on Aar-Eeo.Com may use advertisements that work with "cookies".
These tracking methods are used to track ad performance.
"Cookies" are simple tracking devices and are not intended nor designed to violate your computer's integrity or your personal data.
Aar-Eeo.Com may use Google Adsense ads.
Google Adsense uses the DoubleClick Dart Cookie to analyze ad performance.
You can learn more Adsense by visiting : the Google Adsense website.
Also, you can opt out of having cookies placed on your browser by visiting: the Network Advertising Opt Out Page.
Popular Learning Programs
Art Classes
Bowling Lessons
College Programs
Computer Classes
Cooking Classes
CPR Classes
Dance Lessons
Dog Training Classes
Local Instructors
Driving Schools
Drum Lessons
English Tutors
Fitness Classes
Golf Lessons
Guitar Lessons
Gymnastics Classes
Language Tutors
Music Instrument Lessons
Personal Trainers
Photography Classes
Piano Lessons
School Homework Tutors
Self Defense Classes
Sign Language Lessons
Spanish Tutors
Swimming Lessons
Weight Loss Centers
Yoga Classes
Educational Resources
Training Programs
A Guide to Cooking Lessons
Best Vocational College Degrees
Group Lessons vs. Private Lessons
How to Choose a Dog Trainer
How to Choose a Tutor
Infographics
Online and DVD Lesson Programs
Popular Lessons for Kids
Popular Self-Improvement Courses
The Benefits of Fine Art Lessons
The Benefits of Group Fitness Classes
The Benefits of Learning a New Language
The Benefits of Learning to Play Music
The Pros and Cons of Online Lessons
Local Lessons and Classes
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Listing Change Requests
This website does not provide tutoring, classes, or learning programs. Rather, it provides listings of local educational providers and offerings.
@Copyrights 2018 www.AAR-EEO.com - All Rights Reserved.