http://www.fbfs.com/about-us/privacy-and-security
About Us
Company Information
Membership Information
Newsroom
Charitable Giving
Contact Us
Privacy and Security
Quick Links
Policy Service Forms
Contact Us
Report a Claim
Pay My Bill
Find an Agent/Advisor
Membership
About Us
Company Information
Membership Information
Newsroom
Charitable Giving
Contact Us
Privacy and Security
Online Privacy and Security
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy is Our Priority.
At Farm Bureau Financial Services, our focus on building trusted relationships is foundational to our business. And
we know that, to maintain your trust, we must protect your privacy. That includes the personal information you share
as you use our websites, our emails and our mobile applications. The following privacy policy outlines how FBL
Financial Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively FBL) protect, collect and use your
information.
Our Privacy Principles
We do not sell client/member information.
We do not allow those who are doing business on our behalf to use our client/member information for their own
marketing purposes.
We contractually require any person or organization providing products or services on our behalf to protect FBL
client/member information.
We afford our prospective and former client/members the same protections as existing client/members with respect
to the use of personal information.
Online Information Collection
When an individual consumer visits this Site, our Online Activities and/or Other Services (collectively the
“Services”) ("Visitors"), we may automatically collect certain kinds of anonymous and personally identifiable
information. The information we collect will vary depending upon the function the Visitor selects and the
information the Visitor provides. We collect, use, and share information we need to conduct our business, to advise
you of our products and services, and to provide you with client/member service. We may collect and maintain several
types of client/member information needed for these purposes, as identified below. This information includes, but is
not limited to, the name of the website from which you entered our Site, if any, as well as the name of the website
to which you're headed when you leave our Site. This information also includes the Internet Protocol (IP) address of
your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your location, access times, your Internet or
cellular provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this
information to analyze trends among our users to help improve the Services.
Safeguarding of Client/Member Information
FBL understands the importance of appropriately safeguarding the personally identifiable information we obtain in the
course of business operations. In order to ensure the safety of client/member information, we continually:
Maintain physical, technical, and procedural safeguards
Review our policies and practices
Monitor our computer networks
Test the strength of our security protections
Educate our employees on the importance of keeping client/member data secure
Maintain an up-to-date information breach response plan and client/member notification procedures
No method of transmission over the Internet or cellular connections, including via email, or method of electronic
storage is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. You may contact Web Assistance if you have any questions or concerns
regarding the confidentiality and security of your information.
Children's Online Privacy Protection
FBL’s Services are not directed toward children. We do not knowingly collect or post information from children under
the age of 13. You can learn more about children's privacy and the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
at the Federal Trade Commission's website.
Visitor Data Collected on the Services
Cookies and Other Similar Tracking Technologies
We want to make you aware of how we use “cookies”, including tags, pixels, SDK’s and other similar tracking
technologies to enhance your experience when visiting FBL Websites, email, mobile device and applications.
“Cookies” are small data files sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your devices. We use
“cookies” and other technologies to help us track visits to our Website, applications and Other Services and to find
out how visitors use our sites. We routinely gather information regarding activity using tags or pixels, or
transparent GIF files to help manage our online advertising and site visitor marketing efforts. This information may
be used to manage and customize our Website’s and application’s content, layout, and services in order to improve
our sites and enhance our service to you. The information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally
identifiable. It does not contain a Visitor’s name, address, telephone number or email address. These files enable
our ad management partner to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn, enables us to learn which
advertisements bring users to our Websites. The cookies are placed by us or by another advertiser who works with our
ad management partner. We log your geolocation which includes IP address and location so that we may tailor the
content displayed on the Website to your current location. This information is only stored for internal use and is
not shared with outside parties.
Online Ads
Using “cookies” allows FBL to manage our online advertising. We use third party online advertising companies to
provide ads on websites where we advertise. Some of these sites may use “cookies” and other technologies. This
technology will transmit non-personally identifiable information about you to us or our service providers. We use
this information to analyze our marketing efforts and track browser visits to our Websites. For more information
about marketing “cookies”, go to: https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/optedin/.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we may work with a third party partner who may collect information from you,
such as your IP address and information about your browser or operating system, and may place or recognize a unique
cookie on your browser for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or advertising to you. The cookies placed
by our third party partners contain no personally identifiable information; they may contain demographic or other
interest-based data in a de-identified form. The information in these cookies may be linked to data you voluntarily
have submitted to us, such as your name, postal address or email, which we may share in hashed or encrypted form. To
opt-out of these data provider cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Information You Provide
Through voluntary responses on FBL’s Websites and Services and email links found on our sites, we collect various
personal information from visitors. We collect the email addresses of Visitors to our Websites when Visitors provide
them, we collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, and information volunteered by the
Visitor, such as survey information, contact information and/or site registrations. Please note we do not
automatically collect email addresses from our Visitors. Visitors may be surveyed for feedback concerning their
Website or Services visit.
If you supply us with your email address on www.fbfs.com or through our Services,
you may receive periodic messages from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you
prefer not to receive periodic messages with information on new products and services or upcoming events, please
select “No” when responding to the question asking whether you wish to receive emailed communications from us when
completing your site registration or such other method for unsubscribing outlined in the applicable Service.
The following are examples of categories of personally identifiable information that Visitors may voluntarily provide
and which we may collect:
Name
Physical address
Email address
Birthday
Phone number
Policy and/or account information
Last four digits of your Social Security Number
Information you allow a third-party service, such as Facebook, to provide to us
Do-Not-Call Requests
FBL complies with all Federal regulations related to Do-Not-Call or Do-Not-Email requests by client/members. We will
not call or text client/members for the purpose of product sales who have placed their number on the National
Do-Not-Call list or who have specifically asked to be added to our company-specific Do-Not-Call or Do-Not-Email
lists, which are maintained separately from the National Do-Not-Call list, unless requested to do so by the
client/member. We retain the right to contact any client/member for service-related issues.
Social Network Information
We may receive personal information you voluntarily share with third party social networking services, such as
Facebook or Twitter. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Site to your
contacts. We may also obtain social networking user IDs from those services. Visit your social networking services’
privacy policies to learn more about the information they make available to our Site.
Use of Information
Unless prohibited by law, we may use and share information we collect about Visitors with other member companies of
FBL or unaffiliated third parties for a variety of purposes. For more information, please review our Privacy Notice.
Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
FBL may make changes to our online privacy policies occasionally. We recommend that Visitors to our Websites and
Services review our online privacy policies from time to time to learn of new privacy practices and changes to our
policies.
Links to Other Sites
The online privacy policies of FBL apply only to our Websites and Services and our producer Websites that link to
this privacy policy. Websites operated by non-FBL related entities may link to and from our Website and/or Services
and may have different privacy policies from the ones described here. Visitors should read the privacy statements of
other Websites they visit for information regarding their specific privacy practices.
Effective:  April 11, 2019, 2019
Last Updated: March 13, 2019, 2019
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Please read these terms and conditions of use carefully before using this Website.
FBL Financial Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, "FBL"), give you the ability to access our content online at our site(s) on the World Wide Web (the "Website"). You can use the Website for online access to your personal accounts (if available), our product information, educational content, our services, and self-help tools as well as to conduct business electronically (if available) ("Online Activities").  We also offer options to go Paperless, to subscribe to SMS texting services, and provide mobile applications/apps for your use (collectively “Other Services”).  The Website, Online Activities or Other Services are collectively referred to herein as Services
When you access the Services you're agreeing to these terms and conditions of use, plus any additional terms or conditions within the Website itself (collectively "Terms and Conditions"). The Terms and Conditions are in addition to any other agreements between you and FBL.
FBL reserves the right to modify or change the Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to you. Such modification or change shall be effective upon posting by FBL on the Website. You agree to be bound to any changes to these Terms and Conditions when you use the Services after any such change is posted.
If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions do not use the Services.
DISCLAIMER
THE MATERIALS ON THE SERVICES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL SOFTWARE) (COLLECTIVELY, “MATERIALS”) ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, FBL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. FBL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE ANY OF THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. FBL DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (AND NOT FBL) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF ALL EQUIPMENT, DATA, OR OTHER ITEMS. THE INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTIONS CONTAINED HEREIN ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE COMPLETE DESCRIPTIONS OF ALL TERMS, EXCLUSIONS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, BUT ARE PROVIDED SOLELY FOR GENERAL INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES. FBL may make changes to the Materials and the product information at any time without notice and without obligation to update the Materials.
The information available on this Website is intended to be a general information resource regarding the matters covered, but is not offered as legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, and is not tailored to your specific circumstance. You should evaluate all information, opinions and advice available on this Website in consultation with your agent or other advisors.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
FBL’s Liabilities
WHILE FBL USES REASONABLE EFFORTS TO INCLUDE ACCURATE AND UP TO DATE INFORMATION ON THE SERVICES ERRORS OR OMISSIONS SOMETIMES OCCUR. FBL MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE ACCURACY OF THE SERVICES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL FBL OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS OR INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF FBL OR A FBL AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL FBL'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, FOR ACCESSING THE SERVICES OR THE MATERIALS AS APPLICABLE.
FBL ALSO ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY, AND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR, ANY DAMAGES TO, OR VIRUSES THAT MAY INFECT, YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT. MOBILE DEVICE OR OTHER PROPERTY AS A RESULT OF YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR BROWSING IN THE SERVICES OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIALS, DATA, TEXT, IMAGES, VIDEO, OR AUDIO FROM THE SERVICES. FBL SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY MECHANICAL OR ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT FAILURE, FAILURE OF COMMUNICATION LINES, TELEPHONE, CELLULAR OR OTHER INTERCONNECTS, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, THEFT, OPERATIONAL ERRORS, STRIKES OR OTHER LABOR PROBLEMS, OR ANY FORCE MAJEURE.
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Your Liabilities
FBL has the right to deny you access and use of the Services and their content if you violate (as FBL may determine in its sole and absolute discretion) any provision of these Terms and Conditions. FBL reserves the right to seek all other remedies available at law and in equity. You agree, at your own expense, to defend, indemnify and hold FBL harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by a third party in connection with or arising out of your access to, or use of, the Services or any of their content in a manner other than as expressly authorized by these Terms and Conditions, your breach of these Terms and Conditions or your violation of applicable laws or any rights of any third party.
PRIVACY
FBL is committed to building user trust and confidence by promoting and complying with the use of business practices that help protect the privacy of our client/members and their data. For more information you can view a copy of our the FBFS.com Online Privacy Policy Statement.
USING ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, ELECTRONIC ACCESS, GOING PAPERLESS AND SMS TEXTING
Online Access
For some Online Activities, FBL permits "Online Access," which includes the ability to use a personal computer, mobile or other access device equipped with an active connection to an Internet Service Provider to access your FBL accounts, policies, or other products and to perform certain transactions as available. You may register for Online Access via the Internet.
Information to be Provided Electronically
In order to conduct some Online Activities, you agree to receive information applicable to your use of the Online Activities delivered to you electronically. These may include policy documents, notices, disclosures, billing statements, quotes, updates, or other information that you request, transaction receipts, documents requiring your signature, authorizations, acknowledgements or any other documents (collectively, "Communications").
Your consent does not mean that FBL must provide the Communications electronically; FBL may, at its option, provide the Communications through non-electronic means. As part of the Online Activities, many of these Communications are made available to you in non-electronic form.
Withdrawing Consent
FBL may continue to deliver Communications to you electronically unless you withdraw your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time as described below under Unenrolling from Paperless. If you withdraw your consent, the legal effectiveness, validity and/or enforceability of prior Communications will not be affected. Any withdrawal of your consent to receive Communications electronically will be effective only after we have a reasonable period of time to process your withdrawal.
Use of Electronic Signatures
As part of the Online Activities, you will give the option to sign certain Communications electronically by either checking the appropriate box or engaging in a similar online process as instructed online. You agree that by checking the appropriate box within or adjacent to the applicable Communication or engaging in a similar online electronic signature process, you are providing your electronic signature and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions in such Communication just as if you had signed your name to a paper document.
By electing to enroll in Online Activities, including but not limited to Paperless (described below), you certify that you are the person identified by your enrollment information. If you are not that person and/or you are attempting to access someone else's information, you are in violation of federal and/or state law and should exit this application now. Violations will be reported to state and/or federal authorities.
Hardware and System Requirements
To receive, access, and reply to applicable Communications you will need:
a valid, working email account that allows you to read, write and send email;
access to a personal computer or other access device with Internet access;
a web browser which supports the TLS 1.2 (or higher) protocol with JavaScript enabled;
software that lets you get and open Portable Document Format or "PDF" files; and
the ability to download or print Communications such as agreements and disclosures.
Your state may require insurance documents to be displayed in a particular font size. To ensure that Communications are displayed at the correct font size for your state, please make sure that the view size setting for the Communications is set to 100% and your browser resolution is 800 x 600.
Should we make changes to the hardware or software requirements for Paperless such that you may no longer be capable of accessing your electronic insurance documents or Communications, we will inform you in advance of the revised hardware and software requirements via an update to these Terms and Conditions.
System Requirements to Retain Information
To retain the Communications sent to you electronically for your records, your system must have the ability to either download (e.g., to your hard disk drive, CD-R, thumb drive/flash drive, etc.), print PDF files, or print web pages and embedded HTML files.
Printing for Signature
In some cases, you must print, complete, and sign Communications with a pen, and then return them to FBL according to the instructions on the document. To do this, you must have a functioning printer connected to your personal computer or other access device which is able to print Communications and the instructions on plain, white 8½ x 11 inch paper.
Going Paperless
As part of the Online Activities, you have the option to enroll in our paperless feature (“Paperless”). By enrolling in Paperless, you agree to access insurance policy documents electronically in lieu of delivery by the United States Postal Service (USPS) or other physical delivery method; provided, however, that, as required by law, we will deliver certain insurance policy documents, such as cancellation, lapse and nonrenewal notices, in paper format via the USPS. However, if the law changes in the future and permits such documents to be delivered electronically, your continued use of the Website shall act as your consent to receive such Communications electronically as well.
Please read the following additional Paperless Terms and Conditions carefully. By electing to enroll in Paperless, you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree with any of these terms and conditions, do not enroll in Paperless. We reserve the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at any time. Continued participation in Paperless will constitute your acceptance of any revisions to these Terms and Conditions.
Your Paperless Responsibilities
Once you enroll in Paperless, it is your responsibility to keep your e-mail address up to date within your online profile. It is also your responsibility to keep your e-mail address active and capable of receiving new e-mails. To do this, ensure that your e-mail account has sufficient space for new e-mails and that your e-mail server and spam-blocking software do not block our e-mails. We are not responsible for problems arising from e-mails sent to an inactive or out-of-date e-mail address.  Once enrolling in Paperless, it is your sole responsibility to ensure that the email address within your online profile is current and active.  Failure to do so may result in your missing important communications. You agree that if we send an email message to you regarding any Communication or send any Communication to the email address you have provided us and such email message is returned as undeliverable, we will be deemed to have provided such Communication to you.
Enrollment in Paperless
To enroll in Paperless, you must successfully complete the Paperless email verification process.  After creating an online account you will select to send a verification request. You must:
Log in and register on fbfs.com using your policy number if you have not already established an online account;
Open the verification e-mail and click on the verification link;
Select your policy and then the link to set your paperless preferences; and
Click and accept the Terms and Conditions for Paperless.
Insurance Documents Available Electronically
There may be some documents that you cannot access electronically due to legal and technological constraints in your state. These documents will be delivered to you by your agent or via the USPS.
Accessing Policy Documents
To access your documents, go to fbfs.com and log in to your account with your username and password. After you log in, your policy documents will be accessible through your online account. To print any of your policy documents from your online account, click the "print" button located on the page or in your browser frame. To download and save any of your policy documents to your computer, open the insurance policy document by clicking on its hyperlink or icon and follow Adobe Reader's directions for downloading and saving documents.
Unenrolling from Paperless
You may unenroll from Paperless at any time. Upon unenrolling, all insurance documents will be mailed to you via the USPS (please allow up to 72 hours to process your unenrollment). If you choose to unenroll from Paperless, you may unenroll by doing either of the following:
Logging in to your account and change your preference from Paperless.
Calling your agent or a Customer Service Representative at 800-814-5570 for website assistance.
Requesting Documents to be Sent via the USPS
If you are unable to view or print your documents from our Website, you may request paper copies of your documents be mailed to you via the USPS. You may request a paper copy of a document by calling your agent or a Customer Service Representative at 866-399-3237.
SMS Texting
FBL offers subscription text message programs. Client/members may ask their agent or a Customer Service Representative to enroll them in a text message alert program. Your agent or a Customer Service Representative will enroll you in SMS texting services. You will not be enrolled in a "mailing list" when you subscribe to this service. Message frequency varies.
FBL may use an automatic dialing system to deliver text messages to you. By your subscription to either, or both, the one-time text message program or the subscription text message program, you give your consent to FBL to use an automatic dialing system to deliver text messages to the telephone or cell phone number to which you have directed FBL to transmit these text messages.
Those policyholders that provide a cell phone number will be enrolled in an alert system to share information about storm activity in your area.  To opt out, follow the instructions below.
Charges for SMS Texting
FBL does not have a separate charge for the text message service; however, message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier.
By providing your consent to participate in text messaging, you approve any such charges from your mobile carrier. Charges for text messages may appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid balance. Consumers and policyholders can text message FBL at 515-444-5969 with a keyword to receive these services. FBL reserves the right to terminate this SMS service, in whole or in part, at any time without notice. The information in any message may be subject to certain time lags and/or delays. You are responsible for managing the types of SMS texts you receive. If you have any questions or need help, text HELP to 515-444-5969, or call 866-399-3237.
Unsubscribing to SMS Texting
To stop receiving text messages, text STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT to 515-444-5969. By enrolling in this subscription program, you consent that following such a request to unsubscribe, you will receive one (1) final message from FBL confirming that you have been inactivated in our system. Following such confirmation message, no additional text messages will be sent unless you re-activate your subscription by texting START to the same number.
Your SMS Texting Responsibilities
Changes to your wireless number. If your wireless number changes while you are enrolled in text messaging, you are responsible for updating your information with us. You may update this information by logging onto www.fbfs.com and updating your communication preferences, or by calling your agent or customer service.
Canceled contracts and stolen phones. You must unenroll from the text messaging if you discontinue your phone service or lose your mobile phone.
SMS Texting Additional Limitations of Liability
There are a number of factors outside of our control that can impact or delay the delivery of your text messages. These factors may include restrictions made by your wireless service provider and disruptions to your wireless service. Text messages are provided for your convenience and do not replace your monthly billing statement(s), which are the official record of your accounts. We do not assume any liability or responsibility for a failure or delay in transmitting the text messages to you or for any errors in the information contained in the text messages.
We also do not assume any liability for any losses or damage (a) caused by the disclosure of information to your mobile phone when the phone is another person's possession; or (b) to your data, mobile phone or other equipment caused by the use of text messaging, unless directly and solely caused by our negligence or willful default. Additionally, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against any claims, losses or costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from your provision of a phone number that is not your own or your violation of applicable state and federal laws and regulations.
Participating Carriers
Major carriers: AT&T, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, and T-Mobile USA.
Minor carriers: Aio Wireless, Alaska Communications Systems (ACS), Appalachian Wireless (EKN), Bluegrass Cellular, Boost Mobile, Carolina West Wireless, CellCom, Cellular One of East Central IL (ECIT), Cellular One of Northeast Arizona, Cellular One of Northeast Pennsylvania, Chariton Valley Cellular, Cricket, Coral Wireless (Mobi PCS), Cross, C-Spire (CellSouth), Duet IP (Maximum Communications New Core Wireless), Element Mobile (Flat Wireless), Epic Touch (Elkhart Telephone), GCI, Golden State, Google Voice, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri), Illinois Valley Cellular, Inland Cellular, iWireless (Iowa Wireless), Keystone Wireless (Immix Wireless/PC Man), Metro PCS, Mosaic (Consolidated or CTC Telecom), MTA Communications, MTPCS (Cellular One Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, Panhandle Communications, Peoples Wireless, Pine Cellular, Pioneer,  RINA, Sagebrush Cellular (Nemont), SI Wireless/Mobile Nation, Simmetry (TMP Corporation), SouthernLinc, SRT Wireless, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United Wireless, U.S. Cellular, Viaero Wireless, Virgin Mobile, and West Central (WCC or 5 Star Wireless).
CLAIMS SELF-SERVICE
Claims Self-service is intended to provide you with electronic access to certain claim information. It does not replace communications with the claims adjuster and/or written claim correspondence. For additional information concerning a claim, you should contact your assigned adjuster.
The display of claim information within the Claims section is not an indication that FBL has confirmed the accuracy of the reported information or that we have completed our claim investigation. If you have questions or concerns about the accuracy of the information displayed in the Claims section, please contact your assigned adjuster.
If you’re a Client/member and you cancel your policy with FBL, access to Claims information will end . You’ll continue to receive communications and correspondence by telephone and mail, and FBL will continue to investigate and evaluate your claim in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy and state law.
INFORMATION STORAGE AUTHORIZATION
You authorize FBL to store any information you provide, including, but not limited to, names, addresses, birth dates, driver’s license numbers, social security numbers, vehicle identification numbers (VINs), bank account or payment card information.
You certify that you are the owner or authorized signer for any bank account or payment card you provide, and you authorize the financial institution where any such bank account or payment card is held to honor any withdrawals or charges you authorize.
USING OTHER AGGREGATION WEBSITES
Other companies may offer aggregation websites and services that allow you to consolidate your financial account information from all of the financial institutions you do business with so that you can view all your account information at one online location. To do this, an aggregation provider may request access to your financial information, usernames and passwords. Before you provide them with this information, you should use caution and ensure that the aggregator company has appropriate privacy and security practices in place to protect the information you provide, or to which they are gaining access.
We’re not responsible for the use or disclosure of any personal information accessed by any company or person to whom you provide your Website username and password. If you provide your Website username, password or other information about your accounts with us to an aggregation website, we’ll consider that you’ve authorized all transactions or actions initiated by an aggregation website, whether you were aware of a specific transaction or action. If you decide to revoke the authority you’ve given to an aggregation website, we strongly recommend that you change your password for the Website to ensure that the aggregation website can no longer access your account.
TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, icons and any other proprietary information (collectively, “Intellectual Property”) are licensed or proprietary to FBL. Nothing contained on the Services should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Intellectual Property displayed on the Services without the written permission of FBL or such third party that may own the Intellectual Property displayed. Your use of the Intellectual Property displayed, the Materials or any other content on the Services except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Images displayed on the Services are either the property of, or used with permission by, FBL. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The Materials on the Services are copyrighted and any unauthorized use of any Materials may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. If you breach any of these Terms and Conditions, your authorization to use the Services automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
The Services are owned and operated by FBL. Except as otherwise expressly permitted by FBL, no Materials from this Website or any Website owned, operated, licensed or controlled by FBL, the Online Activities nor the Other Services may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You may download Material displayed on the Services for your personal non-commercial reference only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of the Services for public or commercial purposes, including the software, text, images, audio, and video without FBL's written permission. FBL neither warrants nor represents that your use of Materials displayed on the Services will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with FBL. Use of any FBL trademarks as metatags on any third-party Website or mobile application is strictly prohibited. You may not Co-Brand the Services or display the Website in frames (or any of the content via in-line links) without prior written permission from FBL. "Co-brand" means your display of any of the Intellectual Property, or your taking of other means of attribution or identification of FBL in such a manner reasonably likely to give a third party the impression that you or such third party has the right to display, publish or distribute the Services or any of their content. You agree to cooperate with FBL in causing any unauthorized co-branding, framing or linking to immediately cease. The Services and their content are not intended for children ages 13 and younger.
HYPERLINKS AND LINKED WEBSITES
The Services may be linked to other websites which are not maintained by FBL. Links on the Services to such third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Services. FBL has not reviewed all of these third-party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content, nor does the inclusion of any link to such websites imply approval of or endorsement by FBL of the websites or the content thereof. THUS, FBL DOES NOT ENDORSE OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THEM, OR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE OR OTHER PRODUCTS OR MATERIALS FOUND THERE, OR ANY RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USING THEM AND DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY AS TO THE CONTENT OR MATERIAL AVAILABLE AT THOSE WEBSITES. IF YOU DECIDE TO ACCESS ANY OF THE THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SERVICES YOU DO SO ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. This Website is intended to provide general information only and is not intended to assist in the solicitation, negotiation or sale of any insurance or security product.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
FBL administers the Services from its offices in West Des Moines, Iowa 50266. Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, FBL makes no representation that Materials on the Services are appropriate or available for use in any location, including, without limitation, for use outside the United States, and access to the Materials on the Services from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. You may not use or export or re-export the materials on the Services or any copy or adaptation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including, without limitation, U.S. export laws and regulations. Those who choose to access the Services do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Iowa, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. You consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in Polk County, Iowa and waive any objections or defenses based on lack of personal jurisdiction or venue.
The information and material contained on the Services is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security or any insurance product in any jurisdiction. No security or other insurance product is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities, insurance or other laws of such jurisdiction. All of our insurance companies are United States companies, servicing United States residents; however, not all products are available in all states. The information provided on the Services does not apply to nor are the insurance products and services of our companies available to residents of any state not identified herein or of any foreign country. For more information about the products and services mentioned on the Services please contact your local agent or go to the agent locator to find an agent in your area.
VISITOR SUBMISSIONS
All communications initiated by you (also defined herein as a "Visitor") and made to or through portions of the Website or Services that permit uploading of questions, comments or other material or information are hereby considered "Visitor Submissions".
If you submit material intended for display where technically permitted within the Website, you agree to abide by the terms set forth herein. Visitor Submissions will not contain any content that is illegal, indecent, profane (either directly or indirectly through partially obscured words, letters, phrases, terminology or the like), threatening, defamatory, derogatory, counter to FBL's Privacy Policy or otherwise injurious to FBL or third parties; and that will not consist of or invoke malicious software code, constitute commercial solicitation (except where pre-approved by FBL), consist primarily of an unsolicited electronic mass mailing, be political in nature, or the like. Where an email address is required to upload Visitor Submissions, you agree to use a valid e-mail address and represent that you are the individual identified by the address. If you wish to submit materials to the website, you are prohibited from impersonating any other individual or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origination of the Visitor Submission.
Visitor Submissions will not be accepted that infringe in any manner on the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any person or entity, or that contain privileged, confidential, proprietary or trade-secret information of any individual or entity, or that may violate the legal rights of any person or entity in any jurisdiction or locale. You may not submit materials that are or purport to be the personally identifiable information about others, such as full name, postal address, email address, telephone number or any other personal attribute which would constitute harassment or an invasion of privacy.
Visitor Submissions become the property of FBL and you grant FBL a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable, sub-licensable and assignable right to use, edit, modify, adapt, translate, edit, and reformat Visitor Submissions as necessary and for any purpose, anywhere in the world, including into those forms that may constitute advertising. If you submit a Visitor Submission, you are also hereby granting to FBL the non-exclusive right to seek enjoinment and possible damages from any third party who otherwise uses Visitor Submissions in an unauthorized way or through unauthorized reproduction of any Visitor Submission.
Visitor Submissions used, displayed or propagated by FBL or others licensed by FBL to use Visitor Submissions may be attributed to you unless the visitor has expressly requested anonymity. FBL reserves the right to select among the Visitor Submissions for the most appropriate material to be used, subject to FBL's sole discretion and judgment. FBL otherwise reserves the right to remove Visitor Submissions from the Website pursuant to its discretion and judgment but maintains no obligation to do so.
Visitors also hereby agree to not redistribute or reproduce elsewhere Visitor Submissions in any manner or in any media, including the re-submission or republishing of any Visitor Submission on any other site not affiliated with FBL.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES ABOUT FBL PRODUCTS
Product, coverage, discounts, insurance terms, definitions, and other descriptions are intended for informational purposes only and do not in any way replace or modify the definitions and information contained in your individual insurance or product contracts, policies, and/or declaration pages from FBL-affiliated underwriting companies, which are controlling. Such products, coverages, terms, and discounts may vary by state and exclusions may apply. Product issue is subject to underwriting guidelines, review, and approval. Products and discounts are not available to all persons in all states. Property-casualty insurance products offered through Farm Bureau Property & Casualty Insurance Company and Western Agricultural Insurance Company are available in the following states: Arizona, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico, South Dakota, Utah. Life insurance and annuity products offered through Farm Bureau Life Insurance Company are available in the following states: Arizona, Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Dakota, Utah, Wisconsin, Wyoming. Securities products and services are offered through: FBL Marketing Services, LLC, 5400 University Avenue, West Des Moines, Iowa 50266 1-877-860-2904. Investment advisory services are offered through FBL Wealth Management, LLC, and FBL Investment Management Services, Inc. 5400 University Avenue, West Des Moines, IA 50266 1-877-860-2904.
The information contained herein was prepared to promote and support the marketing of the products and services of FBL. It is not intended to constitute tax advice. It was not written or intended to be used by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding tax penalties that may be imposed on the taxpayer and cannot be used by any taxpayer for that purpose. You should seek advice on matters related to taxes specific to your situation from an independent tax advisor.
SOFTWARE
Use of Software
Any software that is made available to download from the Services is the copyrighted work of FBL and/or its suppliers. Use of the software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the software ("License Agreement"). You may not download or install any software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you have read and accepted the terms of the License Agreement. REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE IS PROHIBITED EXCEPT AS PROVIDED FOR IN THE APPLICABLE LICENSE AGREEMENT.
Export of Software
You acknowledge that any software available or provided to you on the Services may contain technology that is subject to strict controls by various agencies of the United States Government pursuant to United States export control laws and regulations. You hereby agree that you will not transfer or export such software from the United States (including, for example, providing such software to any foreign person or entity in the United States) or re-export such software outside the United States in violation of United States export laws and regulations. FBL does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from the Services to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States export controls laws and regulations.
ADDITIONAL TERMS
Entire Agreement
Except to the extent otherwise set forth in the Terms and Conditions, these Terms and Conditions set forth the entire understanding between FBL and you with respect to your access to, and use of, the Services and their content and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding access and use.
Severability
If any portion of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unenforceable, the remaining sections of the Terms and Conditions will remain in effect.
Waiver
Failure by FBL, in any instance, to exercise any of its rights under the Terms and Conditions will not constitute waiver of such right or any other rights under the Terms and Conditions.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
© 2001-2020 FBL Financial Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
You are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works, or using any content available on or through the website for commercial or public purposes, without the prior written permission of FBL.
Effective May 12, 2020
The Learning Center Plan Today. Prepare for tomorrow.
What Do You Do if Your Car Has Flood Damage?
These are the common problems that come with car flood damage and the steps you should take after your car is flooded to get back on the road safely.
Read Article » : What Do You Do if Your Car Has Flood Damage?
Five Keys to Investing For Retirement
Your retirement hinges on decisions that you make in the years leading up to retirement. You should begin thinking about your retirement plan and investments as soon as you begin working.
Read Article » : Five Keys to Investing For Retirement
5 Ways to Make it a Merry (but Virtual) Holiday Season
Don't let distance keep you from celebrating the holiday season. Here are five meaningful ways you can celebrate virtually with friends and loved ones.
Read Article » : 5 Ways to Make it a Merry (but Virtual) Holiday Season
What Do You Do if Your Car Has Flood Damage?
These are the common problems that come with car flood damage and the steps you should take after your car is flooded to get back on the road safely.
Read Article »
Five Keys to Investing For Retirement
Your retirement hinges on decisions that you make in the years leading up to retirement. You should begin thinking about your retirement plan and investments as soon as you begin working.
Read Article »
5 Ways to Make it a Merry (but Virtual) Holiday Season
Don't let distance keep you from celebrating the holiday season. Here are five meaningful ways you can celebrate virtually with friends and loved ones.
Read Article »
Get a Quote
Find an Agent/Advisor