https://www.coverking.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Help
Login
Empty
Apsara Store View
Tarra Store View
North America
United States
Use right and left arrow keys to enter or leave submenus.
Cover Your
Vehicle
Coverking Custom
Autobody Armor™
Triguard™
Mosom Plus™
Coverbond-4™
Silverguard™
Silverguard Plus™
Satin Stretch™ Indoor
Moving Blanket Indoor
Stormproof™
Design Your Own
Shop All
Semi Custom
Triguard™
Coverbond 4™
Gift Car Cover
Photographic
Henrik Fisker Z8
C7.R Edition Corvette®
Grand Sport Corvette®
RV Covers
Class A
Class C
Travel-Trailer
Fifth-Wheel
Powersports Covers
Boat Covers
Motorcycle Covers
ATV Covers
Seats
Coverking Custom
Spacer Mesh
Suede
Ballistic
Polycotton Drill
Saddle Blanket
Velour
Neosupreme
Licensed Collegiate
Designer Print
Premium Leatherette
Snuggleplush™
Ultisuede
CR-Grade Neoprene
Genuine Leather
Molded
Shop All
Skanda Camo & Tactical
Kryptek®
Mossy Oak®
Realtree®
A-TACS®
Multicam®
Next®
Tactical
Traditional & Digital Camo
Universal Fit
Ultimate Suede Seat Cover
Waterproof Seat Shield
Design Your Own
More
Pet Protector
Tactical Pouch Set
Leather Interior Kits
Bus Seat Covers
Airplane Seat Cover
Leather Upholstery
Leather Upholstery
Dash
Custom Dash Covers
Molded Carpet Dash Cover
Velour Dash Cover
Polycarpet Dash Cover
Custom Rear Deck Covers
Velour Rear Deck Cover
Polycarpet Rear Deck Cover
Camo Dash Covers
Mossy Oak® Velour Dash Cover
Realtree® Velour Dash Cover
Floor
Floor Mats
Premium Plush
Loop
Clear Nibbed
Specialty Mats
Cargo Liners
CargoShield™ Cargo Liner
More
Windshield & Front
Exterior Frost Shields
Interior Sunshields
Custom Front-End Mask
Jeep®
Jeep® JKU Bikini Top Cover
Jeep® JK Tonneau Cover
Jeep® JKU Tonneau Cover
Jeep® Roll Bar Cover
Jeep® Sound Bar Cover
Jeep® Topographic Custom Seat Covers
Jeep® Topliner™
Jeep® Tailgate Tactical Storage
Jeep® JLU Bikini Top Cover
Jeep® JKU Bed
Jeep® JLU Bed
Other
Steering Wheel Cover
Seat Belt Covers
SeatDelete®
3 Ply Disposable Face Mask
NanoShield™ Revolutionary Reusable Face Mask
Patio Furniture Covers
Airplane Seat Cover
Accessories
Car Cover Lock Kit
Tactical Pouch Set
Tactical Glass Breaker Pen
Seat Cover Installation Kit
Car Duster
Stormproof Car Cover Bag
Seat Cover Treatment
CLICK TO SHOP COVERKING FACE MASKS TODAY! TRUSTED PROTECTION AND TAILORED FIT.
Privacy Information
Privacy Information
INFORMATION GATHERED BY COVERKING.COM.
This privacy policy applies only to activities of Coverking.com engaged on its website and does not apply to Coverking activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the website. Coverking.com collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected by Coverking.com can include information such as the type of browser you are using, and the length of the visit to the website.
You may also be asked to provide personally identifiable information on the Coverking.com website, which may include your name, address, telephone number, credit card number, and e-mail address. This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to Coverking.com, when you register for services, or make purchases. In all such cases you have the option of providing us with personally identifiable information. If personally identifiable information is provided in connection with an order, that information will be gathered by third party gateways such as Authorize.net, Paypal & Google and then sent to Coverking.com for fulfillment of your order. All information collected will not be shared and is encrypted to protect you.
COOKIES
Cookies are small bits of data cached in a user’s browser. Coverking.com utilizes cookies to determine whether or not you have visited the home page in the past. However, no other user information is gathered.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Except as otherwise stated, we do not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information collected on our site to others. The information collected by our site is used to process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our site. We will disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties for order tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fulfill your order, improve the functionality of our site, perform statistical and data analyses deliver your order and deliver promotional emails to you from us. For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment; and release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. Moreover, Coverking.com uses Authorized.net, Paypal, and Google Checkout to process and accept orders and payments. Please review each respective gateway’s policy if you have questions or concerns regarding their privacy policies.
Coverking.com may use non-personal aggregated data to enhance the operation of our website, or analyze interest in the areas of our website. Moreover, we may in some circumstances disclose personally identifiable information to third parties to enhance your experience on our website. Additionally, if you provide Coverking.com with content for publishing or feedback, we may publish your user name or other identifying data with your permission.
Coverking.com may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request. Coverking.com may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a party if Coverking.com files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of Coverking.com in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers or acquisitions.
OTHER WEBSITES
Coverking.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links. If you provide any information to such third parties different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party's privacy policies before providing any data to them. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that our sites may contain links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linked to our site is not covered by this policy. These other sites may send their own cookies, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
SECURITY
Coverking.com uses Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information and is Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant to ensure safety of your information.
Coverking.com takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies including SSL. However, Coverking.com cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.
CHILDREN
Coverking.com does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use the Coverking.com or services, and Coverking.com requests that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the website. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, Coverking.com does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13.
CORRECTIONS AND UPDATES
If you wish to modify or update any information Coverking.com has received, please contact support@coverking.com.
MODIFICATIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
Coverking.com reserves the rights to modify its privacy policy at any time and will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the website. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. Coverking.com encourages you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.
Customer reviews
See more reviews
Need help?
Installation VideosHelp CenterContact SupportFAQs
Orders
Track My OrderCurrent Lead TimesWarranty & Returns
Resources
Customer ReviewsFree Material SwatchesDealer PortalView Print CatalogReal Customer Photos
Coverking
About UsBecome A Dealer
© 2020 Coverking. All Rights Reserved
- Privacy Policy - Terms & ConditionsCoverking.com site Managed and operated by Custom Products, Inc. (CPI)
Configuring Custom Product...