http://www.lablynx.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
In Legal
LabLynx (“We,” “Us” or “Our”) Privacy Policy.
Rev. 1/15/2016
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets out how this site, which is owned by LabLynx, Inc., a Georgia corporation, may use information that you and/or the computer or device you are using gives Us when you access this website.
Subject to Change.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are satisfied with any changes.
User Data.
Our user and other data is stored in the United States, and Our servers may log some information whenever you access the website; information such as your IP address, the time of your visit, your browser type, your browser’s language setting and, if you are a registered user, your user name and other user information.
Some Information Public.
In order to sign up as a registered user of Us, you may be required to enter certain information, such as a user name, password, your name, email address and other information. Some of this information, such as username and email address, and other information, will become public information on the website if you submit Content (as defined in the Terms of Use). Any Content which is submitted under your user name will also be public information on the website and may be changed, modified, added or deleted by Us and/or other users. We may collect all information you provide when you modify the content of a page or the website (such as making edits, uploading Content, etc.). An indicator that you provided that information may be left on a tab associated with the edited page or appropriate Content, on recent changes, add and change requests, in your user contributions, and in other areas of the website. User Content and contributions, and an aggregation of page history, may also be used by the website. Other Content and information may be publicly available as may be usual and customary.
Cookies.
A cookie is a file which may ask permission (see below) to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about you.
We may use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This may help Us to analyze data about webpage traffic and improve the website in order to tailor it to user needs.
Overall, cookies can help Us provide you and other users with a better website by enabling Us to monitor which pages users find useful and which pages users do not find are useful.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites.
We and other users may provide links to other websites of interest. However, when you use these links to leave the Our website, you should note that We have no control over that other website.
Communications.
If you send a communication to Us, We may hold onto the communication so that We can respond appropriately, and so that it can incorporate feedback to improve the website.
Other Sharing of Information.
We will share your information with others as described in this Privacy Policy, with Our subsidiaries and affiliated companies, contractors and vendors, as required by law, and when, in Our sole judgment, We deem necessary to investigate a breach of security. If We become involved in a merger or acquisition or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we may transfer your information to a prospective purchaser or purchaser and their advisors.
Disclaimer.
Notwithstanding this Privacy Policy, We cannot guarantee that user information will remain private. We acknowledges that determined individuals may still develop data-mining and other methods to uncover information and disclose it. Accordingly, We can make no guarantee against unauthorized access to information provided in the course of using or participating on Our website.
Comments are closed.
Search
Contact Us
First Name:*Last Name:*Email:*
Company:*Job Title:*Phone:*
Contact me with more LIMS information
I am interested in a LIMS demo
Please describe your needs:CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Holly M.
We have used LabLynx since the start up of our laboratory.
The training personnel were very helpful in teaching us how to set up all of our tests, panel, parameters, etc.
It has now been 4 years since our start up and we are still using LabLynx.
Their customer support is very responsive and understands any inquiry I have had.
They are very good at resolving issues or implementing changes.
Laboratory Analyst /
Clinical Reference Laboratory
Contact 1-866-LabLynx (522-5969)
Fax: 877-432-4129
www.lablynx.com
sales@lablynx.com
Physical Address LabLynx, Inc.
2400 Lake Park Drive
Smyrna, GA 30080
Contact Us
Stay Connected!
Terms of Use | Privacy Statement
LabLynx LIMS (Laboratory Information Management System) © 2020. All Rights Reserved by LabLynx, Inc.