http://www.lakegroupmedia.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Home>Privacy Policy
SEND TO FRIEND
PRINT PAGE
Privacy Policy
Lake Group Media Inc. Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 16, 2019
Lake Group Media, Inc. (“We,” or “Our”) provides a variety of data marketing services (the “Services”) designed to help marketers find and contact individuals who may be interested in their products and services, and to better serve the customers they already have.    Our solutions, many of which are described in more detail on this website (or any other website on which  this Privacy Policy is posted) (“Website”), are used for both online and offline marketing purposes.
We provide this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to help a variety of businesses and marketers, and anyone else who wants to understand our services (“You”) understand what information we collect, how we collect it, how we use and disclose it to help the businesses and organizations that we serve, and what choices You have regarding the data we handle about You.
1. Information We Collect and Use in Providing Our Services and Operating Our Website
(a)  Information Received From Data Compilers, Websites and other Entities.  In order to provide our Services, we receive data from several entities that collect and provide to us information about consumers.   This information, which we refer to as “Compiled Data” often includes:
Identifiers including personally identifiable information (“PII”), which we define for purposes of this Privacy Policy as name, address, telephone number, or email address.
Information about consumer habits and transactions, such as what types of products they may be interested in purchasing or what their more general interests are (whether derived from their “online” or their “offline” activities.
(b)  Information you provide to us or that we collect from you through our corporate website(s). We will sometimes give You the opportunity to provide information directly to us through our corporate Website – such as if you are a business interested in a relationship with us.  The information we collect from you in this way, which we refer to as “Website Data,” may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Automatic Data Collection. As you interact with our website, we may use (or engage with business partners and vendors that use) automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. That information includes usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies. The technologies we (or our vendors) use for this automatic data collection may include cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.  We describe these technologies in Section 4.
The information we collect automatically through our corporate Website may include PII or we may associate it with PII we collect in other ways or receive from third parties (for instance, to help us identify companies that may want to work with us).
The information we receive helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: (a) understand our actual and potential customers; (b) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests; (c) recognize you when you return to our Website, and (d) market (including through “retargeting”) to our actual and potential customers.
2. How We Use the Information
The information we collect automatically through our corporate Website may include PII or we may associate it with PII we collect in other ways or receive from third parties (for instance, to help us identify companies that may want to work with us).
The information we receive helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: (a) understand our actual and potential customers; (b) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests; (c) recognize you when you return to our Website, and (d) market (including through “retargeting”) to our actual and potential customers.
Lake Group Media uses the information it collects as follows:
(a)  How We Use and Share the Compiled Data:   We provide marketers with Compiled Data to help support their own marketing efforts.  For instance, they may use the Compiled Data for:
Customer Insights:   We provide the Compiled Data to our marketing clients to give them insights into their own customers – for instance, to help them determine which customers may be interested in what types of offers, services or products.   These clients may use the Compiled Data (for instance) to engage in marketing through direct mail and email campaigns, display, mobile and social media marketing;
Customer Acquisition.   We provide the Compiled Data to our marketing clients to help them acquire new customers – again, by providing insights into which consumers may be interested in what types of offers, services or products.  These clients may use the Compiled Data (for instance) to engage in marketing through direct mail and email campaigns, display, mobile and social media marketing;
Online Targeting.  We may sometimes create defined audience segments based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences . When we do this, we work with a data partner that  “matches” our Information through de-identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers (e.g., mobile identifiers), in order to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.
(b)  How We Use the Website Data:  We use the Information we collect from our Website for internal purposes such as:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To operate, analyze improve and secure our services and our website, and secure and test our databases and servers
(c)  At Your Request or with Your Consent. Where you provide Information to us directly, we will use that information:
To provide you with notices about your account.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To market our Services to you and communicate with you about the Service we offer, including through email, and including invitations to events and webinars.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the Information.
To fulfill the purposes for which you provide the Information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
3. Categories of Third Parties We Share Personal Information With
(a)  Sharing Compiled Data with our Customers:  We may share the Compiled Data with a variety of marketers, including:
Online and offline retailers
Content publishers
Informational websites
Financial institutions
Consumer products companies
Home product and furnishing companies
Parenting product companies
Automotive companies
Travel and leisure companies
Lifestyle and Interest Product Companies
Educational products
Corporate affiliates not under (or under) our brand
Nonprofit organizations
The service providers of our customers
These marketers may in turn use the information as described in Section 2.
(b)  Sharing Website Data.  We may share Website Data with our service providers, including for our own marketing purposes or to display, operate and protect our website and its content.  (See sub-section (c) below for more information about our service providers.)
(c)  Other Business Purposes. We may also disclose any information we collect (both Compiled Data and Website Data) to third parties in some less common circumstances.
Service Providers:  We share any information we collect with a variety of service providers as necessary to operate, protect and advertise our Services and maintain our website.  For instance, we share the Information with tech and customer support providers, marketing and advertising providers, other data and data hygiene providers (such as to enhance or verify our Information), security, anti-fraud and anti-bot vendors, payment vendors, legal, accounting and auditing providers, and other companies that help us maintain, secure, deliver or develop Services.
Corporate transfers:  If we or our substantial assets are acquired by or merged into another entity, our information will be transferred to that entity.  We also may share the information during the course of any due diligence process. The use of any information transferred in this fashion will continue to be subject to the terms in this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates, parent companies and subsidiaries:  We may share some or all of the information in our possession with any affiliated or subsidiary companies (if we ever have any), including any company with a substantial commonality of ownership interests.
As Required by Law or to Protect Any Party:  We may disclose Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or (c) to protect or otherwise defend the rights, property or safety of ourselves or any other person or entity.
Aggregated or Non-identifiable information. We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify, and cannot be used to identify, any individual, without restriction.
4. Cookies and Similar Technologies
(a)  Cookies and How We Use Them
This Website (like many other websites) uses certain industry-standard technologies, including cookies and similarly functional technologies, which we describe below.
We may work with third parties to provide or enhance our services (e.g. for purposes of tailoring ads, or placing browser cookies), or to offer marketers ways to access or use our Information, often in de-identified or “pseudonymous” form.   These partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on your device, which may have cookies with varying expiration periods.  Those partners may likewise collect various types of information about your browser, device, or browsing activities through use of these cookies.
Cookies, in turn, are small data files that contain a string of characters, such as a  unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as tags that identify your device. Our (or other companies’) servers send your device a cookie when you visit a website. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages.  When you access web pages (such as the website of a marketer), pixel tags may generate a generic notice of the visit and permit our partners (or sometimes, us) to read the cookies that a respective company or server has deployed.  Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a site by a particular device.
We or our service providers, and other online marketing platforms that we or they work with, may use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, determine visitor patterns and trends, collect information about your activities on our clients’ sites, or interact with the advertising you see.   Cookies are used in this way to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant communications with ads that better match your interests.  We also may use cookies to tailor our marketing to you – such as to target you with online ads about our services after you’ve visited and leave our website.
(b)  Disabling Cookies
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. You also may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to fully  use certain parts of our Website or other websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.  In addition, even if you refuse cookies, certain other “tracking” mechanisms may sometimes operate to record browser activity across websites.   Thus, we recommend the industry “opt out” mechanisms set out in Section 5 to those who wish to cease cross-site tracking for advertising and marketing purposes.
5. Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
There are multiple ways that you can opt-out of having the information that we collect, or that we disclose to clients or to third parties, used to market to you:
Opting out of our Database:  First, you may contact us directly at privacy@lakegroupmedia.com in order to have your name removed from our database.  When you do this, please provide your current address, your email address, and any prior home or email addresses you would like “opted out” of our marketing databases.  Or if you prefer, you can contact us directly by mail, at the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Industry Direct Mail Opt Out:  If you would like to opt-out of direct mail advertising in general, we recommend that you visit the DMA Choice website, at dmachoice.thedma.org. The DMA Choice service is run by the Direct Marketing Association and allows you to follow few easy steps to ensure that your marketing preferences are honored.
Industry Online Behavioral Ad Opt Out:  If you wish to opt out of online targeted ads, you can also visit the opt-out portals operated the industry groups the National Advertising Initiative (NAI) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and you can learn more about how those opt-outs work on those linked web pages.  Please note that these online opt-outs are cookie-based (unlike Lake Group Media’s direct opt-out.  Thus, if you browse the web from multiple browsers or devices, you will need to opt out from each browser and/or device. For the same reason, if you change browsers or clear your browser cookie cache, you will need to perform this opt-out function again.  Opting-out in this way will not prevent you from seeing ads; it generally will prevent targeted ads customized to what advertisers think may be most likely to be relevant and of interest to you.
Opting Out of Our Own Marketing:  If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you may send us an e-mail stating your request to info@lakegroupmedia.com If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may use the “unsubscribe” link in the email to request omission from future e-mail distributions.  This opt out applies to our corporate email list:  it does not apply to the information we use in providing our Services, i.e., the information in our Lake Group Media (as opposed to our corporate “business-to-business”) database.
California Residents. If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under California law. You may find information about your privacy rights in the California Privacy Rights section (Section 9) below.
Nevada Residents. If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, as the term is defined under Nevada Law. You may make a verified request to opt-out of the sale of your personal information at the address provided in the Contact Us section below.
6. Links
This Website may at times provide links to other websites that Lake Group Media thinks users of the site will find interesting or useful (for instance, if we provide information about an event or a business partner).  Lake Group Media is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites or companies.
7. Security and Data Integrity
Lake Group Media takes steps to help ensure that the data we possess is housed and transmitted securely. This may include various types of physical and electronic security, including firewall protections, encryption, hashing or truncation of data, and access controls to certain sensitive or personal information.  While neither we nor any platform can guarantee 100 percent safety from hacks or illegal intrusion, we employ efforts that are designed to ensure that this does not occur.
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Website home page.  The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
9. California Privacy Rights
Notice of Collection, Sale, and Disclosure of Personal Information.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA) requires businesses to disclose what information they sell or disclose for a business purpose, in addition to the categories of third parties that information is disclosed to.  We provide the below in compliance with the CCPA.   The below is directed to California residents:  if you are not a California resident, do not rely on the below.
Right to Access.  If you are a California resident, you may submit, free of charge, no more than twice in a 12-month period, a verifiable request for the following information:
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose about you within the preceding 12-month period;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected
The purposes for which the information was collected or sold; and
The categories of third parties to whom the information was sold, disclosed for a business purpose, or otherwise shared.
If possible, we will provide this information to you in a readily usable format that allows transmission to another entity.   Our provision of this information will be subject to our reasonable verification of your identity.
Right to Deletion. If you are a California resident, you may submit a verifiable request for us to delete any personal information we have collected directly from you.  This right is not absolute, and under some circumstances, we are not required to delete your information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information.  You may instruct us not to sell your personal information to any third party by clicking lakegroupmedia.com/do-not-sell-my-information.
How to Exercise your Rights: If you are a California resident, contact us at 833-660-0198 or at privacy@lakegroupmedia.com
10. Contact Us
Lake Group Media has a designated privacy contact.  If you have questions related to this Privacy Policy, or regarding our products or services, please contact us at:
Lake Group Media:  Attn – Lake Group Media Privacy
1 Byram Brook Place
Armonk, NY 10504
or via phone at: 833-660-0198
Email: privacy@lakegroupmedia.com
We appreciate your comments and questions regarding Lake Group Media’s privacy practices.
close (X)