http://www.insuranceworkforce.com/privacy_policy.html
Fri
Dec-11
2020
HomePricingSearch JobsPost ResumeBlogLogin / Register
Privacy Policy
At Interstepper Ltd / InsuranceWorkforce.com your privacy is important to us. We want you to feel confident visiting our Web site, InsuranceWorkforce.com (hereinafter referred to as the “Web Site”). By using this Web Site, you signify your acceptance of the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Web Site and exit the Web Site immediately. Your continued use of this Web Site following the posting of any changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
USE OF INFORMATION SUBMITTED OR COLLECTED
During your use of the Web Site, we will collect certain information from you. We will automatically collect information about you from the pages you visit, your IP address or domain name, browser, connection speed, referring URL and other environment information. We will use your environment to gather broad demographic information.
In consideration of the use of the Web Site you agree that the information you provide will be true, accurate, current and complete and that you will maintain and update your information. Failure to do so will give us the right to suspend or terminate your use of the Web Site. We will not sell your personally identifiable information (your e-mail address and any contact information that you provide) but reserve the right to share certain demographic and profile data with our vendors, suppliers, consultants and other business partners on an aggregated basis.
InsuranceWorkforce.com will disclose your personally-identifying information only in special cases, such as (i) to comply with valid legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order or (ii) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring a legal action against someone who, intentionally or unintentionally, may be causing injury or harm to us, our users or other persons; or violating the Terms of Use of this Web Site.
It is advised that you read our TERMS OF USE, also on this Web Site.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
In the event that all or any portion of INTERSTEPPER LTD, any subsidiary or affiliate (or the assets of one of those entities) is bought or sold, business Information will likely be included among the transferred business assets, but such information remains subject to this Privacy Policy unless you knowlingly otherwise consent.
COOKIES
InsuranceWorkforce.com may place a “cookie” on the browser of your computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is common in the internet industry and many major web sites use them to provide useful features to their computers. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information, but may be used to tell when your computer has contacted InsuranceWorkforce.com. We use the information for editorial purposes and to customize delivery of information specific to your interests.
LINKS
This Web Site contains hyperlinks to other sites. INTERSTEPPER LTD. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites, including any sites that may indicate a special relationship or partnership with us. The linked sites may collect personal information from you when you link to their site. This collection of information is not subject to our control. To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy policy of any sites you visit by linking from our Web Site.
SECURITY
The Web Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the Web Site, or as internet security and privacy standards evolve. We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We do, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy every time you use this Web Site, in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
INTERSTEPPER LTD Suite G6, 59 Chilton St London   E2 6EA
United Kingdom
PHONE:  800-358-0412  (Toll Free in the US);  or 646-217-4728
Employers
DRIVE TOP INSURANCE JOB TALENT TO YOUR CAREER CENTER!
Since 2001, over 3,000 insurance employers and recruiters have partnered with InsuranceWorkforce.com to find the experienced help they’ve needed for jobs in insurance
Sign-up now or login to post an insurance job and use our resume search today
Your Recruiting & Hiring Success is our GoalGUARANTEED RESULTS
We always take customer
satisfaction seriously!
Money Back Guarantee!
Resources
CE Classes & Insurance Schools
Professional Designations
National Associations
Trade & Professional Orgs
Salary Center
Other helpful links
Recruiters
|
About IWF |
Job Seekers |
Employers |
Search Jobs |
Continuing Education |
Association & Organization Links |
Jobs by State |
Conducting a Safer Job Search
© 2001-2008
Interstepper Ltd. |
FREE Insurance Magazines |
Helpful Info |
Employment Testing |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Contact Us