https://www.wilburellis.com/privacy/
PRIVACY
Last Updated: December 26, 2019
Introduction and Scope
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) reflects the online privacy practices of the Wilbur-Ellis Holdings, Inc., our affiliates and subsidiaries (“Wilbur-Ellis,” “us,” “our,” and “we”). This Policy generally outlines our principles in collecting, using and safeguarding your information online, as well as the circumstances under which we disclose it.
This Policy applies to information about our individual customers in the United States and applies to all persons who use our Web site, mobile applications, electronic services, platforms, social networking sites, or any of our area-specific Web sites that link to or reference this Policy (collectively, the “Site”), as well as all electronic communications from us.
Please read this Policy carefully and review it from time to time for the latest information about our privacy practices. The most recent version is posted at https://www.wilburellis.com/privacy. By using the Site, you accept and agree to the terms of the Policy, including future changes or amendments. If you do not agree with our privacy practices, please do not provide us with your personal information or interact with the Site.
Information We Collect
We collect information that is personally identifying and non-identifying data when you interact with us and the Site. We generally collect such information to service your account, provide goods or services requested by you, understand the use of our Site and make improvements, and to provide benchmarking, analytics, mapping, and agricultural input usage utilizing aggregated data from users, including you.
Personally identifying information is information that specifically identifies you or, when combined with other information we have, can be used to identify you. This includes the following types of information:
Contact Information: your name, shipping address, billing address, email address, telephone number, fax number, mobile application user name, social networking user names, and other addresses where you are able to receive communications.
Financial Information: payment information, payment history information, and credit worthiness.
Transaction Information: information you provide when you interact with us and the Site, and information about the products or services we sell or provide to you.
Geographic Information: the geographic location of your mobile device and the boundaries and name of your field.
Other Identifiers: license information, company affiliation, and information that permits physical or online contacting, such as IP address or the unique identifier of your mobile device.
Non-identifying information is information that alone cannot identify you. This includes:
Cookies: information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account, preferences, and use of the Site.
Device Data: information concerning a device that you use to access or interact with the Site, such as browser type, system settings, software platform, and firmware.
Your Information Management and Do Not Track Disclosures
Our Site does not use Cookies for tracking purposes and does not feature integrated third parties. Consequently, we do not process web browser “do not track” signals. In addition, we will not collect your geo-location information without your express consent. Users of the mobile application will be asked to provide their express consent before entering the mobile application for the first time.
You may manage how your browser and mobile device handle certain Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings. You may also manage the sharing of certain Device Data by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
You may manage the sharing of certain information when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications. Please refer to the social networking website or application for its privacy policy and instructions on how to adjust permissions and manage interactivity.
You have the option of making changes to your personally identifying information, restricting access to your personally identifying information, or requesting that we delete your account by calling our Privacy Policy Technical Support Line at (800) 210-9839 ext. 3300. We may retain and use your personally identifying information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. Aggregated information obtained by Wilbur-Ellis as a result of your use of Wilbur-Ellis’ AgVerdict platform may be maintained consistent with the AgVerdict Services Terms and Conditions. If you are an authenticated user of the AgVerdict platform, you may access the AgVerdict Services Terms and Conditions by logging into your account.
How and Why We Collect Information
We may obtain information directly from you, from your transactions with us, and from third parties. We obtain information directly from you when we initially set up an account for you and during the course of servicing your account.
We collect information about your transactions with us, your payment history, and the products or services we sell or provide to you in order to process the transactions and evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers, products or services.
We may gather data on how users navigate our Site in order to make improvements.
If you opt-in, we collect geo-location information from mobile devices, and other information, in order to enable the inputting of information directly from the field and to facilitate our services, such as benchmarking, analytics mapping, input usage, record keeping, and storage of agricultural information, among other functions.
Information We Disclose
Other than as described herein, we only disclose your information as required by law or with your consent.
We may disclose your information as necessary to service your account, process sales transactions, complete applications, provide electronic resources such as the Site, and ensure Site security. Aggregated information may be shared with other users as necessary to provide certain services, such as benchmarking. We may share your information with service providers as well as persons or organizations that perform business, professional, administrative or legal functions for us.
Our Site provides some links to third-party websites that are not owned by Wilbur-Ellis. We have no control over the privacy practices of such websites and we assume no responsibility in connection with your use of those websites. We recommend that you check the privacy policy of any website before you provide any personal information.
We may disclose your information as required by law, such as in response to a subpoena, search warrant, or other court order; to comply with inquiries from government agencies or other regulators; or for other legal purposes.
Safeguarding Your Information
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards against unauthorized access by third parties. These safeguards include restricting access to your personal information to employees and third parties who need it to service your account or provide products or services to you. All such employees and third parties are restricted by a non-disclosure agreement from disclosing confidential information acquired as a result of their engagement with us. We train such employees to follow procedures to safeguard customer information and we require such third parties to agree to maintain data security safeguards with respect to your personal information.
We use computer hardware and software tools to protect your information. For our mobile application, we undertake annual data security audits. We back up information on our Site and employ firewalls, user authentication systems, and access control mechanisms.
Children’s Privacy
Our Site is designed and intended for adults. We do not intend that any portion of the Site will be accessed or used by children under the age of 18. Such use is strictly prohibited.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Policy. You can reach us (i) by telephone at (415) 772-4000, (ii) online at wilburellis.com/contact, (iii) by email at legal@wilburellis.com, or (iv) via postal mail at the following address: 345 California Street, 27th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104.
Wilbur-Ellis data request form.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the CCPA Privacy Notice.
Privacy Policy for Canada
At Wilbur-Ellis Company of Canada, Ltd. (the “Company”) we are committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality and security of your personal information.  Visit the Privacy Policy for Canada page.
© 2020 Wilbur-Ellis Holdings, Inc.