http://www.kingsbury.com/privacy-information
Home
About Us
Culture & Careers
News
Tilting Pad Bearings
Tilting Pad Thrust
Flooded Lubrication
Directed Lubrication
Tilt Pad Journal
Flooded Lubrication
Directed Lubrication
|
Fixed Profile Bearings
Fixed Profile Thrust
Fixed Profile Journal
|
Specialty Bearings
Thrust/Journal System (CH)
Pedestal-Mounted Thrust/Journal (PMH)
Advanced Materials Thrust (Peek)
|
Bearing Services
|
Applications
|
Library
|
Contact Us
Privacy Information We Promise Quality Products and Respect for your Privacy
At Kingsbury, we know how important your privacy is to you. Whether you are a current client, a returning visitor or just visiting our web site for the first time, we are committed to protecting the information you provide. Per European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), no cookie tracking leading to personally identifiable information is kept before your permission. Kingsbury will not attempt to identify users based on collected information. The only cookie being used is limited to Google Analytics with IP address turned off. Default cookie functions are as follows:
Tracking use of website from page to page
Identifying platform as mobile/non-mobile in order to determine how to
display content on phones
Browser detectionDetecting repeat visitors
Detecting geographic data: City, Region, Country of Origin
Language setting
Campaign tracking visitors from online sources like e-newsletters and
online adsNOTE: Even these limited defaults can be eliminated if you use stealth
mode or turn off cookies in your browser or use privacy browsing. These
Google Analytics cookies are maintained for a period of 24 months and
the aggregate data in Analytics (all non-personal information) is
maintained indefinitely, in order to track website performance.
Survey & Form Data Privacy
Visitors have the opportunity to provide information to us through online surveys and forms. By submitting your contact information, you are providing Kingsbury consent to communicate with you by mail, e-mail, and/or phone
and to store your information electronically.
Depending on your request, Kingsbury shares the information you provide on forms with appropriate individuals located in Kingsbury’s marketing and sales, service, engineering, executive departments and/or with outside sales or service representatives (see this page). Also, individuals with passwords at our marketing agency and programmers may access your contact information as part of tabulations, eliminating spam submissions, making certain the programming is working.
Edit Contact Information
Visitors from the EU may get their contact information changed PER the GDPR. Please email
with a subject line of “EDIT CONTACT" and include the changes you want to make to your contact information and the reason you need to change it. Note: If you have a prior transactional relationship with Kingsbury we may not be required to change any/all previous instances of the
information stored in our files.
Also, assuming you do not have a prior transactional relationship with the company, visitors from the EU may contact Kingsbury per the GDPR regulation
to remove their own stored marketing contact information using their previously submitted business email address.
Please use the following address  with a subject line of “REMOVE CONTACT" and please provide a description of why you want your contact removed.
The contact information you provide does not get deleted after some time period as described in the EU GDPR regulations, as of current company policy,
since it contains mostly business to business information and it is often from either customers or future customers (in request for quotations) which
sometimes takes years to end as a sale in large capital goods projects.
Kingsbury wants your visit to our web site to be informative and enjoyable. We plan to use any information we obtain from you to help us continually improve our contact with visitors, the content, functionality and overall usefulness of our web site.
Use of E-Mail
Please use your own best judgment when sending information via the Internet to an e-mail address. E-mail sent via the Internet may pass through private and public networks with varying levels of security. Some networks may have taken steps to secure e-mail transmissions while others have not, thereby
compromising the privacy and integrity of an e-mail. An e-mail may be copied, altered or destroyed.
We preserve the content of your e-mail, your e-mail address and our response so that we can efficiently respond to questions you might have. We also do this in an effort to meet legal and regulatory requirements.
Confidentiality
We will respect your request not to be contacted by e-mail. Again, please use your own best judgment when sending information via the Internet to an e-mail address.
If you do provide personal information, such as an e-mail, telephone or fax number, or other identifying information, we do not plan to disclose it without your consent. We will maintain this information, as well as any other transactions, according to our usual security and confidentiality standards.
Quality Policy
It is the policy of Kingsbury, Inc. to provide quality products and service in support of our Mission Statement and to be responsive to the individual and collective needs of our customers. All of our customer commitments, supporting actions, and services delivered must be recognized as an expression of quality. We pledge to monitor our performance as an ongoing activity and strive for continuous improvement.
Website problems
This website was designed and developed by Praxis Communications, Inc., a Philadelphia area BtoB marketing communications firm. Please contact us
describing any website issues at info@praxisagency.com.
Contact Kingsbury
> Request Information
> Locate A Rep
> Request Training
> Aftermarket Contacts
Worldwide Locations
Kingsbury manufacturing, repair & service, and sales locations
Privacy Information | Terms of Use
For Messinger Rolling Element Bearings, click here.
©2019 Kingsbury, Inc. All rights reserved.