http://www.primexwireless.com/privacy-policy
262-729-4858
Partner Login
OneVue Login
Specifications
Icon
Privacy Policy
We welcome your interactions with our web site and want you to know we are committed to protecting your personal information.
We will ask you to provide personal information when you fill out a form to request information or to be contacted by us. This information will include some or all of the following: your name, your title, a company name, address, phone number, fax number, and e-mail address. Your information is used to process your request or deliver marketing materials to the address specified. We will contact you by phone or e-mail if we have questions regarding your request. If you request information from us, we may also send you information and updates about new products, special sales and promotions.
Primex Wireless uses both email and postal addresses to send information to you.
Your information is used for communications between you and Primex Wireless and is never sold or exchanged with outside agencies.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from our correspondence.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT to use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
This Privacy Notice was posted on November 15, 2015. It is effective upon acceptance for new users, and from November 15, 2015 for all other users.
Primex, Inc.
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Copyright © 2020 Primex Wireless, Inc. Privacy Policy Sitemap Questions? Call 262-729-4858 .
Questions? 1-262-729-4858
Request a Quote
Close
Primex, Inc.
Icon
Search
Products
OneVue Sense
Temperature Monitoring
Room Pressure Monitoring
Event Monitoring
Indoor Air Quality Monitoring
OneVue Sync
Analog Clocks
Digital Clocks & Timers
Transmitter
Clock Accessories
OneVue Monitor
OneVue Notify
InfoBoard
Bell Controller
ClassicSync
72MHz Analog Clocks
72MHz Digital Clocks & Timers
Transmitters
XR Series Bell Scheduling
Solutions
Industries
Education
Healthcare
Retail Pharmacy
Business
Architects & Engineers
Time Synchronization
Environmental Monitoring
School Bell Scheduling
Support
Contact Us
Online Support Resources
Partner Portal
Resources & Tools
Blog
Case Studies
Construction Specifications
Sales Literature
About
About Primex
Our Customers
Partner Program
Why Primex?
How to Buy
Request a Trial
Find a Local Partner
News & Events
Careers
Contact Us
Request a Trial
Partner Login
OneVue Login
Specifications