http://www.floridafood.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policymarketpl2018-03-14T21:06:12+00:00
Rev. March 2018
PRIVACY POLICY
Florida Food Products, LLC (FFP) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate its firm commitment to privacy. Due to the sensitive nature of the information FFP collects from its users, including address and phone numbers, FFP believes it is important to satisfy strict privacy requirements. The following discloses FFP’s information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site:
Collected Information. The following section describes the information FFP collects from you and indicates the primary purposes why it collects each type of information from you.
As described below in more detail, FFP uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with its server, and to administer its Web site. Your IP address is or may be used to help identify you, to track activity within our site and to gather broad location and demographic information. FFP’s Web server will collect IP information.
FFP’s site uses cookies to keep track of your session ID. FFP may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests.
The site’s general questions or media requests section requires users to give FFP contact information (such as name, phone number, and email address), and name of the company you are representing. The user’s contact information is used to contact the user when necessary. FFP may, from time to time, utilize third party analytical software which tracks and reports aspects of website traffic. Financial information or unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) will never be requested or collected, and you may not share this information with us. FFP will never share your collected contact information with a third party.
FFP may also use the information it collects from you to optimize the Web site so that it is more beneficial to users like yourself and to FFP. This site contains links to other sites. Floridafood.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security. This Web site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All user data is stored on a third party server. Florida Food Products, LLC and Floridafood.com are not responsible for the privacy conditions, actions, omissions, or failures to act of third parties with whom we contract.
The user may request, via email or telephone, additional information about Floridafood.com’s security practices. The requested security information will be made available to the user via email, fax or postal mail, in our discretion.
Data Access & Accuracy. Floridafood.com is not responsible for inaccuracies in data provided by third parties, such as internship or job placement boards.
Change in Control. If we experience a “change in control” (defined below), we may amend our information practices as described in this privacy statement. We will post on our Web site’s home page a notice or a link to a notice which will describe how we will amend our privacy statement. If you do not agree to our amended privacy statement, you may contact us as described in this privacy statement and we will allow you to opt out of the proposed amendments to our privacy statement with respect to the information that we have previously collected from you.
“Change in control” means any of the following events:
FFP undergoes a reorganization, merger, consolidation, acquisition or other restructuring involving all or substantially all of our voting securities and/or assets, by operation of law or otherwise;
FFP becomes insolvent;
FFP makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors;
FFP suffers or permits an appointment of a receiver for our business or assets;
FFP becomes subject to any proceedings under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, whether domestic or foreign; or
FFP is liquidated, voluntarily or otherwise.
Contacting the Web Site. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at (352) 357-4141.
Toggle NavigationProductsProtectionFlavor & ColorMarketsProcessesThe LatestAboutExecutivesContact Us / Careers©2020 Florida Food Products | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | 2231 WEST CR 44, EUSTIS, FL 32726 | (352) 357-4141
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok