http://www.klinnerinsurance.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Insurance
Client Options
Helpful Information
Contact Us
Back
About Us
Testimonials
Careers
News You Can Use
Back
Automobile
Homeowner's
Farming
Life
Business & Commercial
Logging & Lumbering
Back
Make a Payment or Submit a Claim
Request a Quote
Back
Important Links
Insurance Glossary
Privacy Policy
Back
Contact
Staff Email Directory
Medford, WI
Abbotsford, WI
Privacy PolicyWe respect your privacy.The owner of this site strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.Personally Identifiable Information includes data that relates to an individual’s personal characteristics (e.g., gender, age, income, home address or phone number, ethnic background, family status); health (e.g., health history, health conditions, health services reseived by them); or, activities and views (e.g., religion, politics, opinions expressed by an individual, an opinion or evaluation of an individual). Personal information is different from business information (e.g., an individual’s business address and telephone number). Business information is not protected by privacy legislation.Please note this policy applies only to information collected on-line and does not impact information collected or used by the owner of this site or its affiliates through other means.How we gather information from usersHow we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. You can visit many pages on our site without providing any information. Other pages may prompt you to provide information, such as when you register to access portions of our site, sign up for membership, request certain services or make a purchase.Like most Web sites, this site automatically collects information through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use “cookie” technology. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit; or it may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies. However, doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the site or may require you to re-enter your user name and password. Additionally, we may not be able to customize the site’s features according to your preferences.What we do with the information we collectWe will use your information only as permitted by law. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually.We also collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. For example, we may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on this site to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, products, services and other topics we think you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share this information with other business units and affiliates. This policy does not apply to any affiliate’s use of such information.Personally Identifiable Information collected by the owner of this site may also be used for other purposes including, but not limited to, site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (e.g., our Web hosting service) may access such information.As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary to give such information to law enforcement authorities. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases. Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisementsThe owner of this site expects its partners, advertisers and third party affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through this site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices.The owner of this site cannot be held responsible for any use of your personal information arising from you disclosing personal information on third party sites. The owner of this site cannot protect any information you may disclose on these sites and recommends that you review the privacy policy statements of those sites you visit.ChildrenThe owner of this site does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under age 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under age 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe the owner of this site has any information from or about anyone under age 13, please contact us at the address listed below. Contacting usWe can be reached by contacting:Klinner Insurance, Inc.P.O. Box 527Medford, WI 54451Toll Free: (800) 934-5647Medford: (715) 748-4488Abbotsford: (715) 223-2314Changes to this policyThe owner of this site reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.Governing lawThis Privacy Policy and the use of this site are governed by applicable state and federal laws. Any claim related to this site or this policy shall be brought in a jurisdictional federal or state court within one year after the claim arises. You agree no such claim may be brought as a class action. Users of this site consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this policy. This site is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please note the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. You hereby consent to this transfer.In the event of any conflict between the terms of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine-readable privacy policy, the terms of this written policy shall control.