http://www.synaptive.net/privacy
Apps
Over 35 Hootsuite apps forsocial media professionals.
App Directory
Shopify
Shopview
Instagram
Panoramiq WatchPanoramiq InsightsPanoramiq MultiviewSynapview
Twitter
Tweetview
Facebook
AdviewPageview
YouTube
ChannelviewChannelview Insights
FEEDS/RSS
Syndicator
Autopublisher
Solutions
Resources
APP DIRECTORY
All of our apps for social media
BLOG
What we've been up to recently
HELP CENTER
Quick Start Guides and FAQs
PRIVACY
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
SUPPORT
Send us your support questions
Contact
Synaptive Privacy Policy
Last Modified May 21, 2020
Introduction
Synaptive Technologies Ltd. is committed to protecting the privacy of all individuals who:
visit Synaptive’s website located at synaptive.com and synaptive.net, which includes all subdomains, present and future (the “Website”);
use the Hootsuite App Directory apps that Synaptive makes available from time to time (the "Apps");
To make this policy easier to read, we call the Website and the Apps, "Services".
It is Synaptive’s policy to respect your privacy and the privacy of all users of the Services. This Privacy Policy has been established to help you understand our commitment to protecting your privacy and personal data, and the steps we take to ensure it. By visiting and/or using any of the Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of the present Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”). Where the present Privacy Policy refers to “Synaptive”, it may refer to the Services or to Synaptive Technologies Ltd., depending on the context.
Synaptive reserves the right, at any time, to modify or replace the Privacy Policy. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is available at synaptive.com/legal/privacy. Please check the Privacy Policy periodically for changes, though we will also notify you via email or other direct electronic communication method of any changes that, in our sole discretion, materially impact your use of the Services or the treatment of your Personal Information. Your use of the Services following the posting of any changes to the Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Synaptive’s Privacy Policy forms part of its wider terms of service (collectively the “Terms”). If you are a visitor to the Website or if you are a user of Synaptive’s PRO or PAID apps, these terms of service are available at
http://www.synaptive.com/terms.html. Both the Terms and the Privacy Policy apply to your use of the Services. Unless otherwise indicated, all defined terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as in the Terms.
YOUTUBE APP (CHANNELVIEW) NOTES
All of our apps that utilize the YouTube APIs, also require that you accept the YouTube Privacy Policy and Terms of Service:
YouTube (Google) Privacy Policy
YouTube Terms of Service
YouTube Access Revocation
At any time, you may choose to revoke Channelview's access to your YouTube account at the following link.
About this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) and other non-identifiable information gathered by Synaptive when you are using or accessing the Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any third-party services such as Youtube, Instagram or Twitter that you elect to access through the Apps
Personal information we may collect and use
i) Registration and Logged-in Users
When you first register for a Synaptive app we collect some personal information about you such as:
your email address
social network account username
social network account access tokens
When accessing a Synaptive Pro or PAID app, we collect your credit card or PayPal information, billing address, and such other information as is required to complete a commercial transaction on our site.
As a registered user of Synaptive’s Apps, we may also collect the following:
information you post in the form of messages, conversations, or contributions to discussions exchanged over the Supported Platforms
information we may receive relating to communications you send us, such as queries or comments concerning our Services
information relating to your real time location, but only where you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information or when posting through the Supported Platforms
Synaptive uses the collected information for the following general purposes:
to identify you when you log in to your account
to enable us to provide the Services to you
to verify transactions you make and for billing, security, and authentication (including security tokens for communication with installed Third-Party Apps)
to analyze the Website, or the other Services and information about our visitors, including research into our user demographics and user behaviour in order to improve our content and Services
to contact you about your account and provide support
to keep you informed of information about our Services we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, provided you have indicated you would like to be contacted for these purposes
By submitting information to Synaptive when registering, you consent to the use of your information for these purposes.
ii) Collection of Personal Information Submitted Voluntarily (Pro and PAID App users)
For Synaptive Pro and PAID App users only, Synaptive may gather Personal Information about organizational representatives via various methods (phone, email, online forms, in-person meetings) but only if such Personal Information is submitted voluntarily. Synaptive may use such Personal Information for sales, marketing, and support of the Services. This Personal Information is never shared with third parties.
System and device information
Synaptive automatically collects and receives certain information from your computer or mobile device, including the activities you perform on our Website, the Platforms, and the Applications, the type of hardware and software you are using (for example, your operating system or browser), and information obtained from cookies (see “Cookies and Related Technologies” below). For example, each time you visit the Website or otherwise use the Services, we automatically collect your IP address, browser and device type, access times, the web page from which you came, the regions from which you navigate the web page, and the web page(s) you access (as applicable) (collectively referred to as “traffic data”). We may use this data to improve the features and usability of our Services, and better understand and market to our customers and website users.
Synaptive also makes use of non-identifiable information gathered for statistical purposes to keep track of the number of visits to the Services and Website pages with a view to introducing improvements and improve usability of our Services. Your IP address and other relevant non-identifiable information may be used in order to trace any fraudulent or criminal activity or any activity in violation of the Terms.
Cookies and related technologies
Synaptive uses tracking technology (“cookies”) on the Website, in the Applications, and in the Platforms, including mobile application identifiers and a unique Synaptive user ID to help us recognize you across different Services, to monitor usage and web traffic routing for the Services, and to customize and improve the Services. By visiting the Website or using the Services you agree to the use of cookies in your browser and HTML-based emails. Cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a web site, in order to track use of the site and to improve your user experience.
Session Cookies
The Services use “session cookies”, which improve your user experience by storing certain information from your current visit on your device, such as log-in information. These enable us to remember your log-in session so you can move easily within the Website or the other Services. Without these session cookies, we wouldn’t be able to provide the Services to you. These session cookies have limited functionalities and expirations, and you may be required to re-enter your Synaptive log-in information after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents and related Personal Information.
Performance Cookies
We use the following service to discover usage patterns of users on our
web site and services.
i) Google Analytics
Synaptive uses a specific cookie in order to facilitate the use of Google Universal Analytics for users logged-in to the Applications or the Platforms (“Logged-In User). If you are a Logged-In User, Synaptive may use your Synaptive user ID in combination with Google Universal Analytics and Google Analytics to track and analyze the pages of the Services you visit.
We do this only to better understand how you use the Website and the other Services, with a view to offering improvements for all Synaptive users; and to tailor our business and marketing activities accordingly, both generally and specifically to you. Google Analytics cookies do not provide Synaptive with any Personal Information.
Learn more about privacy at Google and to opt-out of this feature by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Most computer and some mobile web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. The Network Advertising Initiative has also developed a tool that may help you understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies for your browser and opt-out of those cookies. Further information can be found at http://www.networkadvertising.org. Please note however that, by blocking or deleting cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website, Applications and/or Platforms. If you do not want to receive tracking pixels, you will need to disable HTML images in your email client, and that may affect your ability to view images in other emails that you receive.
When we may share Personal Information
Except as provided in the next paragraphs and elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Synaptive does not divulge any Personal Information gathered via the Services to third parties.
Notwithstanding anything in the Privacy Policy to the contrary, we may share any information we have collected about you or that you have submitted:
(1) when you explicitly consent to the disclosure of such information to a third party when connecting to a third-party service that asks you if you consent to such sharing;
(2) where we are legally required to do so, such as in response to court orders or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims or demands;
(3) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the rights, property, or personal safety of any person;
(4) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding situations that involve abuse of the Services infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of the Website infrastructure or the Services generally);
(5) to a parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with Synaptive;
(6) if we are acquired by or merged with another entity (in which case we will require such entity to assume our obligations under this Privacy Policy or inform you that you are covered by a new privacy policy); and
(7) if this information is not private, is aggregated or is otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information and related public data (such as Tweets, likes, etc.) or the number of users who clicked on a particular link (even if only one did so).
Subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, we may also disclose information to our affiliates, agents, contractors, and service providers in order to facilitate the functioning of the Services or to perform tasks that are integral to the Services, such as processing transactions, fulfilling requests for information, or providing support services or other tasks, from time to time. Information may also be transferred from Synaptive to the third parties in control of the Supported Platforms, but only to the extent required in order for the Services to function properly.
Children
Protecting the safety of children when they use the Internet is very important to us.
Our Services should only be accessed by individuals of Minimum Age. “Minimum Age” may mean different ages in different countries, depending on where the individual accesses the services. For reference, “Minimum Age” shall mean (a) 14 years old for the United States, Canada, Germany, Spain, Australia, and South Korea; and (b) 13 years old for all other countries. However, if applicable law requires that you must be older than such ages in order for Synaptive to lawfully provide the Services to you (including the collection, storage, and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy), then the Minimum Age would be such older age. The Services are not designed nor intended for use by children or anyone else under the age of 13.
Security
We use industry best practices to keep any information collected and/or transmitted to the Supported Platforms or Third-Party Apps secure. This includes the use of HTTPS with TLS (Transport Layer Security), which encrypts all transmitted data, and OAuth 2.0 protocols for authentication and data transfer to Supported Platforms and Apps.
Certain Personal Information, most notably Synaptive log-in details, is encrypted during transmission using TLS. Once validated within our system, passwords are deleted from our system.
When payments are processed via credit card, Synaptive uses third-party vendors that are PCI-DSS Compliant. At no point does Synaptive have access to your credit card information.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the Internet is never entirely secure.
We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via the Services whilst it is in transit over the Internet and any such submission is at your own risk, and this risk is specifically disclaimed in our Terms.
If you are a Logged-in User, it is advisable that you log out of your account at the end of every session and not leave a logged-in account unattended for any period of time, particularly if you use a shared computer or device.
Information storage and international transfers
Synaptive aligns itself with the Safe Harbor privacy principles as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, storage, use, transfer and other processing of Personal Data transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland to the United States. While Synaptive itself is not certified by the US Department of Commerce, the information that you submit via the Services is hosted on secure servers by Linode located in the United States that are certified under the Safe Harbor Scheme for transfers of Personal Information outside the European Economic Area.
Safe Harbor is an EU-recognized program that provides a way for US businesses to demonstrate that they provide adequate protection for personal information transferred to it according to EU data protection standards. Further information on Safe Harbor is available from the US Department of Commerce's website.
Email preferences
Synaptive uses email as the primary mode of communications with our users. We want to respect your privacy by only sending emails of interest to you. You may opt out or unsubscribe from any future email communications from within a link provided in each email correspondence that we send you.
Your rights
You can contact us to obtain a copy of the Personal Information held about you by us. You can also ask us to correct or erase that information. Please note that certain Personal Information may need to be retained by Synaptive for a period of time following cancellation of your account where this is necessary for our legitimate business purposes (e.g. billing, invoices,receipts, etc.)
or required or authorized by applicable law. Any requests to obtain your personal information, or to correct or erase your information, should be made via our support system at https://synaptive-support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
You should also be aware that Synaptive acts as a conduit between our users and the various Supported Platforms and Third-Party APIs. In several instances, the content published via Synaptive will not be in Synaptive’s custody or control, and any content that has been shared by you through any Supported Platform or Third-Party API via the Services may continue to be available to third parties and the public at large, as this content is now under the control of the operators of the Supported Platforms and/or the Third-Party APIs.
Questions?
Need a little more information? Send us your questions! We're always listening!
Blog
Keep up to date with everything going on at Synaptive. New apps, app updates, helpful tips and more!
2019 Developer of the Year!
Synaptive is proud to have been awarded
Hootsuite App Developer of the Year for the year 2019! Click below to learn more:
Read more