http://www.power-charged.com/about/privacy.php
Home
Services
Services
Training
Coaching
Strategic Projects
Keynote Speeches
About Us
About Us
Management
Power Charged
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
Blog
Contact Us
Home >> About Us >> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy and confidentiality of our past, present, and prospective clients is of our utmost concern.
Therefore, your personal information will never be shared with any third party without your permission, except as necessary to perform services on your behalf, as required by law, or for other legal or ethical reasons.
Please review our privacy policy below for more details.
Information Collection and Use
First and foremost, we will never sell or rent your information to any third party.
You can visit most pages of our website without providing any personally identifiable information.
If you contact us and provide any personal contact or other information, we only use that information to communicate directly with you.
If you provide your city, state, and/or country of residence, however, we may use that information on an aggregated basis to evaluate geographic areas for our services and we may e-mail you one-time to inform you that we have launched new services in your area.
If you become a client of Power Charged Consulting®, we may request additional personal information from you in order to provide services.
We will take commercially reasonable measures to protect such information from disclosure to others.
Any such information will not be connected to this website.
No personal information will be published on any page of our website without your advance written permission.
Information Disclosure
All information that we gather will be treated with the utmost confidentiality, and will only be used to provide effective service to our clients.
We will never disclose any personal information about you to any third party without your permission, except as necessary to perform services on your behalf.
We require any third parties with whom we share information to maintain the same degree of protection over your data as we maintain.
These service providers are restricted from using your personal data in any way other than for the service they are providing.
Notwithstanding the above, Power Charged Consulting may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on Power Charged Consulting, (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Power Charged Consulting, (c) enforce Power Charged Consulting’s contractual rights, or (d) protect the personal safety or interests of clients or employees of Power Charged Consulting or others.
E-mail Distribution Lists
Although we may use your contact information to communicate with you individually as needed, we will never place you on any group e-mail list without your permission.
If you voluntarily sign up for a group e-mail list, we will give you the option in each e-mail distribution to opt out of future distributions by following instructions included in the e-mail.
If you voluntarily sign up for a Power Charged Consulting service, we may place you on limited-time e-mail distribution lists to provide information to you regarding the use of your service.
We may use a third party e-mail processor to distribute newsletters and other e-mail communications, and we will provide your e-mail address to that third party.
Any external vendor that we use will never be allowed to use your e-mail address for any purpose other than to distribute our newsletters or communications.
Cookies
We use cookies to improve the effectiveness of our website.
A cookie is a small data file that many websites write to your computer’s hard drive when you visit them.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their customers.
Cookies can improve website functionality by storing information about your preferences for viewing a particular website.
The only personal information that a cookie can contain is information that you supply yourself.
A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites.
You can disable our cookies using the cookie-menu on your Internet browser, but doing so will prevent you from taking advantage of customization features.
Anonymous Data
Our website may log your IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, computer operating system, domain name, and referring website for systems administration and statistical purposes.
Furthermore, we may log which pages you visit on our website and the length of your visit.
We use this anonymous data on an aggregated basis to obtain general statistics regarding the use of our website and to evaluate how visitors use and navigate our website.
We do not link this anonymous data to any personally identifiable data.
In an effort to provide you with the most relevant website content and marketing materials, we may also use embedded pixel tags on our website and in e-mail communications to help track site usage and response to our marketing campaigns.
Again, the anonymous information that we capture through this mechanism is not linked to your personal data.
We may aggregate statistical, demographic, and traffic data and share such aggregated data with partners or vendors.
Aggregated data, however, is never associated with specific individuals.
Third Party Tracking
We allow third party companies, including AddThis and Google, to collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website.
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you can visit Network Advertising
Initiative.
External Links
This website contains links to other websites that are unaffiliated with Power Charged Consulting.
Such links are provided as a convenience to you.
The inclusion of any link does not constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, affiliation, or monitoring by Power Charged Consulting with respect to such linked site or its owners.
Power Charged Consulting has not verified the accuracy or completeness of any information in such linked sites, and makes no representations as to the information contained therein.
Likewise, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites.
Our privacy policy does not apply to other websites or companies.
We encourage you to review a website’s privacy policy before disclosing any personal information.
Parental Consent for Minors
Our website is specifically meant to be used by those of age 18 and above.
If you are under age 18, please consult your parent or guardian before using this website or providing us with any personally identifiable information.
European Economic Area Users
When you provide Power Charged Consulting with your personal information, you acknowledge that this information may be stored and processed on servers located outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and you consent to having your personal information exported outside the EEA and stored and processed at Power Charged Consulting’s discretion on any of its servers wherever located.
Business Transfer
In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or acquisition of Power Charged Consulting, information that Power Charged Consulting has collected about you may be one of the transferred assets.
This will only happen, however, if the party acquiring the information agrees to be bound by the terms of the Power Charged Consulting privacy policy and the notice provided to you when the information was collected.
Acceptance
By using the website, you signify your acceptance of this privacy policy, in whole and in part.
If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use our website.
Power Charged Consulting may change this privacy policy at any time without notice.
Changes will be posted at www.power-charged.com under “Privacy Policy.”
Your use of the website after any changes have been posted will constitute your acceptance of the modified privacy policy and of all the changes.
If at any time you believe that Power Charged Consulting has not adhered to this privacy policy, please contact us and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and correct the problem.
In addition, if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, or with the practices of or your dealings with Power Charged Consulting or this website, please contact us.
Prioritize
Observe
Win-Win
Empathize
Respect
Confidence
Humor
Appreciation
Responsibility
Growth
Enthusiam
Determination