https://www.edithouse.ie/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Important Information and who we are
The website is managed by Edithouse and describes information on the services we provide in relation to the production of wedding videos.
We take the privacy of our website users and the data they supply to us very seriously.
This privacy policy is for this website www.edithouse.ie and it sets out the privacy of the users who choose to use it.
We detail the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information.
What personal information do we collect, and for what purpose?
Information is collected via two online forms. The following information is collected:
Contact Form
Our contact form is used to gather information in two ways:
'General enquiry':
The personal data we ask for is your name and email address. You may also provide your mobile phone number, although you are not obliged to do so. This information is used to contact you and answer any queries you may have submitted.
'Check my wedding date'
In addition to the above information submitted via a General Enquiry, we also ask for the date of your wedding, and wedding location details. This information helps us to quickly confirm whether we can provide our services on a particular day in a particular location.
We also ask how you may have heard of us and who your photographer is. This is for our own marketing reasons only.
Information from our contact form is emailed to us, and stored on our booking system.
Booking Form
Should you choose to book Edithouse as your videographer we will ask you to fill in our online booking form. The data collected here is used to gather the necessary information about your wedding day.
The following personal information is collected:
You and your partner's Name, Email address, Mobile Phone No. and home address.
We will also ask for the date, time and ceremony and reception location information.
A complete copy of this information is emailed to us and stored on our booking system.
Security and retention of data
All personal information communicated to us via submission forms is submitted over a secure channel, protected using SSL encryption with 128-bit key length (supported by modern browsers).  For information held on file, access is restricted to only those staff members that require that information to perform a specific job.
We do not share your personal data with any suppliers or other customers. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
From time to time, we may use your information to contact you for by email for our own market research purposes.
Disclosures of your personal data
You have the right to know what personal information of yours is held by us. You have the right to have this data corrected or removed from our system (where reasonable and where possible).
If you would like to know specifics of the personal information we have retained, you can send your request via email to emma@edithouse.ie. You may also contact us using the postal address and phone number listed on our contact page.  Please note that for security reasons an identity verification process will follow.
Use of Cookies
Our website uses cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Edithouse is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of external websites.
Scroll To Top