http://www.newhorizon.org/Info/terms-of-use.htm
Home
About
Business Loans
Equipment Leasing
Startup Lease
Sale Leaseback
Factoring
Merchant Services
Working Capital
Purchase Order Loans
SBA Loans
Consumer Loans
Credit Cards
Bad Credit Credit Cards
Good Credit Credit Cards
Secured Credit Cards
Prepaid Debit Cards
Catalog Credit Cards
Student Credit Cards
Business Credit Cards
Credit Rebuilding Credit Cards
Canadian Credit Cards
Home Loans
Auto Loans
Personal Loans
Debt Consolidation
Credit Reports
Credit Repair Services
Insurance Plans
Blog
Contact Us
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
This website is operated by New Horizon Business Services. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to New Horizon Business Services. New Horizon Business Services offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
1. Acceptance The Use Of New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
Terms and Conditions
Your
access
to
and
use
of
New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
is
subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. You will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms and Conditions. By using
the
Website
you
are
fully
accepting
the
terms,
conditions
and disclaimers contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop using the Website.
2 . CREDIT CARD DETAILS
New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
will never ask for your credit card details and we advice our customers to not enter their credit cards details on New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
website or by submitting such details in any other form.
3. USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
4. PRIVACY POLICY
Your submission of personal information through the website is governed by our Privacy Policy.
5. CHANGE OF USE
New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
reserves the right to:
5.1  change or remove (temporarily or permanently) the Website or any part of it without notice and you confirm that New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
shall not be liable to you for any such change or removal and.
5.2  change these Terms and Conditions at any time, and your continued use of the Website following any changes shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change.
6. Links to Third Party Websites
New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
Website may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to other websites is not an endorsement of such websites and you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the content or availability of any such sites.
7. ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
8. COPYRIGHT
8.1  All
copyright,
trade
marks
and
all
other
intellectual
property
rights
in
the Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website) are owned by or
licensed to New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
or otherwise used by New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
as permitted by law.
8.2  In accessing the Website you agree that you will access the content solely for your personal, non-commercial use. None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only.
9. LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
9.1  Throughout this Website you may find links to third party websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse that website. If you visit any website via a link on this Website you do so at your own risk.
9.2  Any party wishing to link to this website is entitled to do so provided that the conditions below are observed:    (a)  you do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing;    (b)  you do not misrepresent your relationship with this website; and    (c) ; the website from which you link to this Website does not contain offensive or otherwise
controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.
9.3  By linking to this Website in breach of our terms, you shall indemnify us for any loss or damage suffered to this Website as a result of such linking.
10.  DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10.1  The Website is provided on an AS IS and AS AVAILABLE basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
10.2  To the extent permitted by law, New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
will not be liable for any indirect or consequential loss or damage whatever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity, data, profits) arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website.
10.3  New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
makes no warranty that the functionality of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive.
10.4  Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed so as to exclude or limit the liability of New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
for death or personal injury as a result of the negligence of New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
or that of its employees or agents.
11. INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities, legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions or other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website.
12. SEVERANCE
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason by any court of competent jurisdiction then such Term or Condition shall be severed and the remaining Terms and Conditions shall survive and remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
13.  WAIVER
If you breach these Conditions of Use and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Conditions of Use.
14.  GOVERNING LAW
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of United States and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States courts.
15.  OUR CONTACT DETAILS
Our Office Address:
1350 E. FLAMINGO RD #3329
Las Vegas
89119
United States
1-888 308-7160
For any further information please email
New Horizon Business Services, Inc.
Team
Featured
Equipment Leasing For Businesses [more]
Working Capital For Businesses [more]
Consumer Credit Cards [more]
Consumer Loans [more]
About Us
NHBS Inc has been helping small business obtain secured forms of financing since 1999.
We offer specialized equipment leasing programs for start up businesses and businesses facing credit challenges.
Equipment Leasing Programs
We provided equipment leasing in the USA only.
Minimum lease amount of $5,000. We do most types of equipment and provide programs to equipment sales people to help them provide financing for their customers [more]
New Business Equipment Leasing (Start up Businesses)
This program requires no time in business. Must types of equipment funded.
No vending routes or ATM routes.
Minimum lease amount is $5,000.
Homebased business o.k. [more]
Bad Credit Equipment Leasing
This program is for people with PAST credit problems.
If you are currently going thru problems or your bankruptcy is less than 3 years old. This program is not for you.
Must have started to re-establish credit. Minumum lease amount of $5,000. [more]
Secured Business Loans
These programs are secured by some sort of collateral.
It can be already owned equipment, a companies accounts recievables, or even their monthly merchant account.
Most of these DO NOT require the business owner to have good credit.
Since the loan is secured, bad credit can be approved. [more]