https://www.sti-usa.com/cookies-privacy-terms/
Due to COVID-19, delays in shipping may occur. See Warranty & Returns for info.
We Protect the Things That Protect You.®
Advanced
Cookies / Privacy / Terms
Safety Technology International, Inc.; STI (“We”/”Our”/”Us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on www.sti-usa.com (Our site). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use Our site, subscribing to Our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by Safety Technology International, Inc.; STI and when you report a problem with Our Site. If you contact Us, We may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also ask you to complete surveys that We Use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them. Details of transactions you may carry out though Our site and of the fulfilment of your orders. Details of your visits to Our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for Our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access. Information about you and of Our products that you have purchased for product registration purposes. Information that you provide to Us in relation to product reviews that you submit to Our site.
STI-USA.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and visitors to our site. Any information gathered is used only by Us to provide a more personalized shopping experience. STI will never share your personal information, address, etc. with any third party.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time STI-USA.com requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user, therefore, has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code and age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Cookie and Tracking Technologies Policy: What are cookies and how do we use them?
This policy is split into four sections:
What are cookies and tracking technologies? The cookies and tracking technologies we use now and how to delete them Our classification of cookies Our main technology partners
1. What are cookies and tracking technologies?
Where we talk about cookies on our websites, we mean cookies and web beacons.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a text file containing a small amount of data which is downloaded to your computer when you visit one of our websites or see one of our adverts elsewhere on the internet.  The vast majority of websites use cookies and tracking technologies.  Cookies are useful because they help us arrange the content and layout of our websites and recognise those computers that have been to our websites before. They allow us to remember your preference settings and play an important role in helping us to enhance the usability and performance of our websites and your experience using them.  Some cookies are also essential to enable you to move around our website and use its features. They also help us to identify which of our articles are the most popular and the types of journey visitors have to our websites. A list of all the cookies that we, our advertising network and technology partners use can be found in our cookie list.
What is a Flash cookie?
This is a type of cookie which is collected via Adobe Flash media player – a piece of software which you probably have on your computer to help you watch online videos and listen to podcasts.  We do not use Flash cookies at the moment. Have a look at Adobe’s website if you want to control Flash cookies on your computer. If you use the Firefox browser you can also get an add-on to detect and delete Flash cookies.
What is a web beacon?
Web beacons are usually tiny transparent images that help website owners track the activity of users on certain web pages. They can also send the website owner (for example, us or our technology partners) information in cookies such as whether an email with a web beacon in it has been opened. We use web beacons together with cookies to help us understand how you interact with our websites and the emails we send you; to help us improve your browsing experience; to ensure that content is relevant to you; and to better manage our website and email content.
2. The cookies and tracking technologies we use now and how to delete them
When you access our websites you will receive a message advising you that we have placed some cookies on your computer.  This was necessary in order to display the website page to you.  If you continue to use our websites, further cookies will be placed on your computer to maximise your experience on our websites and to help us understand how we can improve them. If you don’t want us to place cookies on your computer then there are a number of ways you can opt out – setting your browser either to reject all cookies, to only allow “trusted” sites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those websites which you are currently on. Please remember – if you do delete all your cookies, some features of our websites, such as remembering your login details, will not work and your experience on our websites may be affected. We like the website www.aboutcookies.org which is run by the law firm Pinsent Masons. Not only does it have the recipe for ‘the world’s finest cookies’, it also gives you detailed step by step guidance on how to control and delete cookies depending on your browser type. You can then adjust your browser settings to your preferred level of protection. We have also included links to the privacy and cookie policies of our technology partners in our our cookie list so that you can control the cookies they place more easily.
Google & Google Analytics
Google & Google Analytics | Privacy Policy We use Google Analytics Premium, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”).  Google Analytics Premium uses cookies to help analyse how users use our websites. The information generated by the cookies about your use of our websites and your current IP-address will be transmitted by your browser to and will be stored by Google on servers in the United States and other countries. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to us. The IP address collected through Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. You may also stop the transmission of information generated by the cookies about your use of the website and of your IP address to Google, by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available here http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. In addition, we use Google’s remarketing technology to advertise online.  In doing so, Google will place or read a unique ad-serving cookie on your computer and will use non-personal information about your browser and your activity on our sites to serve ads on their content network.  Please click here for more information about remarketing or to opt-out of the Google remarketing cookie.
STI Terms of Use: Introduction
Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site (Terms of Use Agreement). Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. STI-USA.com reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. We encourage you to review these Term and Conditions whenever you use this Site. By using the Site and completing a purchase, you acknowledge that you have read these Terms and Conditions, understand them and agree to be bound by said Terms and Conditions.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs and written and other materials that are part of this Site are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by STI-USA.com, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to STI-USA.com and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this Site is the exclusive property of STI-USA.com and is also protected by US and international copyright laws. Access to this website does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner.
Use of the Site
You may access and view the Content solely for personal, noncommercial purposes. You may copy limited portions of the Content solely by page caching or printing and solely for personal, noncommercial use, provided that (1) you do not make such Content available to any third party and (2) you do not remove any proprietary notice from such Content, or alter the Content in any way. You may not: modify, delete, add to, or create derivative works of the Content. You may not publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast or frame the Content in any manner; copy or post the Content for public display; collect, re-purpose or reuse any data or product listings contained in the Content; sell or attempt to sell the Content; exploit the Content for your own purposes; or make derivative use of the Site or its Content. In addition, you agree not to rely on any Content created or posted by this Site.
Third-Party Content
STI-USA.com is a distributor of content supplied by third parties and incorporated within the Content. We have no control over such third-party content, do not endorse it, and are not responsible for its completeness, accuracy or reliability. Any information, advice, opinions, or statements contained within such third-party content are attributable to the author of such content and not to STI-USA.com.
Amendments and Corrections to Content
STI-USA.com does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or reliability of information appearing on the Site. The Site may contain errors and omissions relating to product description, pricing and availability. We reserve the right to correct or update errors or omissions and to change information at our discretion without prior notice. We also reserve the right to cancel an order for a product in the event of an error or omission in the description of such product, including incorrect pricing information, whether due to a typographical error, an error in information received from our suppliers, or otherwise.
Site Security
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (1) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (2) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (3) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mailbombing” or “crashing”; (4) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (5) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. STI-USA.com will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism, including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents, to navigate or search this Site other than the search engine and search agents available from STI-USA.com on this Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer).
Prohibited Uses
You agree to use the Site and all related services only for lawful purposes and not to allow others to use your account for any unlawful purpose. Use of the Site in violation of any applicable law, regulation, ordinance, or other rule imposed by any governmental authority is prohibited.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold STI-USA.com harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will STI-USA.com, our affiliates, suppliers, service providers, or other third parties affiliated with STI-USA.com be liable for any indirect, incidental, extraordinary, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages whatsoever, including without limitation those resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption, arising out of the use or inability to use the Site or related services, the results of such services, or any information contained on the Site or in such services, whether such damages are based on warranty, contract, tort or any other legal theory and whether or not such party is advised of the possibility of such damages.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The Site and all related services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and with all faults, and the entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy and effort is with you. Except for the express warranties explicitly provided herein, neither STI-USA.com nor our partners, providers, or affiliates make any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the Site, the Content, any information made available by or through the Site, any goods or services purchased or obtained through the Site, or any transactions entered into by use of or through the Site. To the extent permitted by law, STI-USA.com and our partners, providers, and affiliates disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, accuracy, title, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and quiet enjoyment. Neither STI-USA.com nor our partners, providers, or affiliates warrant that use of the Site or any related services will be uninterrupted, available at any time or from any location, secure or error-free, or free of viruses or other harmful components. Neither we nor our partners, providers or affiliates warrant that the Site or any related services will meet your requirements or that any defects will be corrected. Furthermore, neither STI-USA.com nor our partners, providers, or affiliates make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the Site or as to the accuracy, completeness, reliability or timeliness of any information available on or through the Site. You understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site is at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the downloading of such material and/or data. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from STI-USA.com or through the Site shall create any warranty not expressly made herein.
Violation of Terms of Use
Please note that at any time, if STI-USA.com determines that you have abused or violated the letter or intent of any of these terms, conditions or guidelines, or any applicable law, STI-USA.com reserves the right to terminate or suspend your access to the Site and all related services, initiate an investigation, remove materials from our servers, issue a warning, block any prohibited activity, and take any other responsive action. Users who violate these Terms of Use may additionally incur criminal and/or civil liability.
U.S Canada Central America South America
STI-EMEA.com U.K Europe Asia Australia Middle East
Language
©Safety Technology International, Inc.
All Rights Reserved Legal/Privacy Policy Site Design