http://www.primaxpayments.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home|Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyprimaxadmin2019-10-03T15:28:31+00:00
About Us
T.K. Keith Company, Inc. doing business as Primax and Thrive Payments (“TKKC”) is a privately held Massachusetts corporation located at 516 Edgewater Drive, Wakefield, Massachusetts.
Purpose of this Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.primax.us and www.thrivepay.us. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by these websites. TKKC will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
TKKC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. TKKC only has access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. TKKC will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
TKKC will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. TKKC will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, TKKC may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
In the provision of card and merchant services, TKKC has access to confidential and proprietary information, which includes but is not limited consumer personal and business information and cardholder data (“Customer Information”)1.
Contact Name*Financial Institution or Business Name*City and State of Headquarters*Phone*Email*
Interested in:Select OneConverting a Card ProgramLaunching a New Card ProgramOther Primax ServicesCAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
X
Contact Name*Financial Institution or Business Name*City and State of Headquarters*Phone*Email*
Interested in:Select OneConverting a Card ProgramLaunching a New Card ProgramOther Primax ServicesCAPTCHA
X