http://www.keithwilliamsarchitects.com/practice/privacy-policy/
work +
news
about us
overview
directors
clients
sustainability
ethos
awards
publications
press
lectures conferences speeches and podcasts
privacy policy
contact
search
home
work +
news
about us
overview
directors
clients
sustainability
ethos
awards
publications
press
lectures conferences speeches and podcasts
privacy policy
contact
search
home
privacy policy
EXTERNAL PRIVACY NOTICE
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seeks to protect and enhance the rights of data subjects. These rights cover the safeguarding of personal data, protection against the unlawful processing of personal data and the unrestricted movement of personal data within the EU. It should be noted that GDPR does not apply to information already in the public domain.
We ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how and why we collect, store, use and share your personal data in compliance with (GDPR).
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Notice will inform you of the nature of the personal information about you that is processed by us and how you can request that we delete, update, transfer and/or provide you with access to it. This Privacy Notice is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using the Website and our Services and/or to understand how your personal information may be processed by us as a result of providing the Services to others or when you apply to work at Keith Williams Architects. Please take a moment to read and understand it.
This privacy notice applies when you visit our website www.keithwilliamsarchitects.com It also applies where we are in contact with you in other ways whether in your capacity as an individual or as director, partner, employee or other representative of a company or any other organisation.
WHO WE ARE
We are Keith Williams Architects Limited, a limited company registered in the United Kingdom No 4136532 with its registered office at 8 Hopper Way, Diss Business Park, Diss, Norfolk, IP22 4GT and whose normal business address is 74 Long Lane, London, SE1 4AU.
Keith Williams Architects Limited registration with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office has been applied for and the policy will be updated when the registration number has been notified.
CONTACTING US
We are not required to appoint a formal data protection officer under data protection laws, but responsibility for data protection within the company sits with our Office Manager. If you have any questions about our Data Protection Policy or your information, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights under data protection laws, you can contact us:
By post to:
Office Manager
Keith Williams Architects,
74 Long Lane,
London,
SE1 4AU
By telephone: +44 (0)20 7843 0070
By email: office.manager@keithwilliamsarchitects.com
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you provide to us
You may choose to provide us with personal data when you are introduced to us, when we meet you in person, or when we are in contact by phone, email, via our website or otherwise.
The categories of personal data you may provide include:
first and last name;
job title and company name;
email address;
phone number;
postal address;
employment and education history
Information we collect from third parties
We collect most of this information from you directly. However, we may also collect information about you: from publicly accessible sources, e.g. Companies House; which you have made public on websites associated with you or your company or on social media platforms such as LinkedIn;
from a third party, e.g. a person who has introduced you to us or other professionals (such as a project manager) you may engage.
Information we collect online
We do not collect, store or use information about your visits to our website or about your computer, tablet, mobile or other device through which you access our website.
Special category data
We do not seek to collect special category data.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
The purpose for which we use and process your information and the legal basis on which we carry out each type of processing is explained below.
Purposes for which we will process the information and the Legal Basis for the processing
To provide you with information and services that you request from us. It is in our legitimate interests to respond to your queries and provide any information requested in order to generate and develop business. To ensure we offer a good and responsive service, we consider this use to be proportionate and will not be prejudicial or detrimental to you.
To carry out business and collaborate on projects or bids with you or a company you work for. It is in our legitimate interests to process information about individuals who work for companies with which we collaborate or could potentially collaborate. We consider this use to be necessary for our legitimate interests and proportionate.
To carry out and enforce any contracts entered into with you or a company you work for. Processing is necessary for a contract we have with you, or to take specific steps on your request before entering into a contract with you.
To consider your application for employment with Keith Williams Architects Ltd. Processing is necessary for a contract we have with you, or to take specific steps on your request before entering into a contract with you.
Keith Williams Architects will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you in a timely manner and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
Keith Williams Architects does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We do not share your personal data with third parties except as provided in this privacy notice.
We may share your information with the following third parties:
with Keith Williams Architects’ employees and consultants based in the UK;
with our third party data processors and service providers who assist with the running of our website and our office services including our IT support services, telephone support services and data storage/back up services.
Our third party processors and service providers are subject to security and confidentiality obligations and are only permitted to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
In addition, Keith Williams Architects Ltd may disclose information about you in the following circumstances:
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation;
if necessary to protect the vital interests of a person; and
to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or to establish, exercise or defend the rights of Keith Williams Architects Ltd, our employees, clients or others.
To comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, or the requirements of a regulator.
COMPLAINTS
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Keith Williams Architects, you have the right to complain.
Contact: Keith Williams Architects Ltd, 74 Long Lane London SE1 4AU
If you do not receive a response within 30 calendar days you are entitled to register a complaint with the ICO. Information Commissioners Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk / Report a Concern