http://www.coneinc.com/privacy-policy
About
Who We Are
People
Awards
News
Careers
Approach
Purpose Expertise
Services
Work
Clients
Case Studies
Insights
Research
Insights
Get the Latest
Contact
Privacy PolicyCone Commitment to PrivacyAt Cone Communications, our commitment to protect the privacy of each of our website’s visitors is of utmost importance to us. Because the internet isn’t always as transparent with its users as it should be, it’s natural to be wary of how we might use your information. To do what we can on our end, Cone’s Privacy Policy has been put in place to increase our transparency with our visitors. As you navigate your way through our website we want you to fully understand how we will be using your information and the ways you can protect your privacy.Our Privacy Policy explains:What information we collect and why we decide to collect itHow we use that informationWhy you can feel safe and secure while visiting our websiteAnonymous Visitor Tracking InformationThe tracking begins when you navigate to our website, and ends when you decide to explore a different one. Unless you voluntarily give it, Cone collects no personal information that would allow us to contact you, send you emails, or even know your name. What Google Analytics collects while you are simply exploring our website increases our ability to accurately track how you were directed to our website and how you are choosing to explore Cone’s work, services, and opportunities. This helps us ensure that our website and other marketing efforts continuously appeal to our visitors, clients, and potential clients.Voluntarily Submitted InformationThe information most pertinent to the continued success of Cone is the information you decide to give us. Whether you are a potential new client or employee or whether you have an agency, vendor, media, or general inquiry you will be prompted to provide us with general contact information. The only personal information you will generally be asked for is your name and email.  This information is needed only so that we may respond to your requests or answer any questions you may have. This information is never shared with anyone outside of Cone Communications.Other Information Cone Communications CollectsWhen you explore Cone’s website, we may collect some information about your visit using cookies, log analysis software and other tracking technologies. These cookie files do not give us any personally identifiable information, but is important in helping us improve the navigation, content, and design of our website.Just like the edible kind, you can refuse a cookie and if you accept them, sometimes they can leave non harmful crumbs on your computer’s hard drive. If you so choose, you may set your browser to refuse cookies. However, by refusing to accept a cookie, it may disable your access to some pages or features of our website. To get rid of any cookie files that might remain on your hard drive, you must manually delete the files. For more information on cookies, how to disable them, remove them, etc. here is one site available to you:  http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ .How We Use InformationCone stores the information you provide about yourself in a secure database in order to provide you with the information and/or services you request. We keep this in our records indefinitely unless you request that it be removed. The information you provide us will remain confidential amongst Cone employees and service providers to the extent necessary to fulfill your request and will never be shared with third parties without your consent.Cone never sells or distributes any personally identifiable information collected from you outside of Cone without your consent, subject to the few exceptions stated below.ExceptionsCone may indefinitely preserve and reserves the right to disclose any information about you or your use of our website without your prior permission if Cone has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to:Protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Cone, its clients, or their partners, employees, affiliates, the users of our website, or the publicEnforce the Terms of Use for the websiteRespond to claims related to your personal use of the websiteWe may also share information as we deem necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or in the event of a sale or potential sale of Cone or one of its business unity.Cone Surveys or VotingWhile visiting our website, you may be asked for personally identifiable information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation in any survey or voting poll is completely voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether you would like to disclose this information. You may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey in certain circumstances.Interactive AreasCone’s website may provide interactive areas, such as commenting on posts, forums and message boards available for user interaction. You may choose to provide personal information in these areas, but it is not required. We recommend that you do not use your personal information in your username and that your post does not contain personally identifiable information since this would be available to the public, not just Cone. We cannot ensure the security of any information you choose to make public on our website and in turn cannot ensure that any parties who have access to your public information will respect your privacy. Please use caution when you decide to disclose personal information in these areas of our website.Cone’s Commitment to Data SecurityWe understand that the security of your personal information is extremely important to you, and we offer our commitment to use technological and physical measures to keep your information protected from unauthorized access. However, due to the nature of the Internet and related technology, we cannot fully guarantee the security of your personal information and Cone expressly disclaims any such obligation.Cone’s Commitment to Children’s PrivacyCone’s website is not intended for use by people under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children under the age of 13 on our website. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 is using any of our websites interactive features, we will proceed to terminate the account.How to Access or Correct Your Information and Opt OutYou may contact us at any time at this contact section of our website and one of Cone’s team members will respond within 24 hours during the business week. Before we correct or remove information, we will take the necessary reasonable steps to verify your identity. We may take a reasonable amount of time to respond to a request to update or modify any information, or to opt out or unsubscribe from any communications.This information you provide may be stored by us according to backup processes. This information will be deleted in due course on a regular schedule. Some information may be kept for longer periods as required by the law, contract or auditing requirements.Links to Other WebsitesOur website contains links to other websites, however Cone is not responsible for any website that it does not own or operate. We advise you to also read the privacy policies and practices of each website that you link to from our website, as different policies and rules may apply.International UsersThis sight is hosted from the United States. If you’re located outside of the United States, you automatically consent to the transfer of data to the United States for processing and use in accordance with this privacy policy.Notification of Cone’s Website ChangesAs we update our website, Cone will also update our privacy laws and regulations in accordance with any new website feature.CareersYou can discover job opportunities from the Jobs section of our website. We encourage those interested in a job or internship at Cone Communications to check the “Current Openings” section regularly as we update it frequently. This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 18, 2013.