http://www.pbcu.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Username
Password
Holiday Hours: All Point Breeze offices will close at Noon on Christmas Eve and will be closed on Christmas Day. Online Banking, Mobile Banking and AUDRE (Phone Teller) will be available for your banking convenience. Click here to view a full list of holidays.
Privacy Policy
FACTS
What does Point Breeze Credit Union do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security Number
Account balances
Payment history
Transaction history
Credit card or other debt
Checking account information
When you are no longer a member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members' personal information; the reasons Point Breeze Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share
your personal information
Does Point Breeze
Credit Union Share?
Can you limit
this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
Such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s), respond to court orders and legal
investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes
To offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes
Information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't Share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes
Information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 410.584.7228 or go to www.pbcu.com.
What We Do
How does Point Breeze Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does Point Breeze Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account
Deposit money
Provide your mortgage information
Show your government-issued ID
Show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Point Breeze Credit Union has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Point Breeze Credit Union does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include Insurance Companies
Other Important Information
For Maryland Members. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates, either for them to market to you or for joint marketing, without your authorization.
Version 010114
By accessing this link, you will be leaving Point Breeze Credit Union's website and entering a website hosted by another party. Please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of Point Breeze Credit Union's website.
We encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of Point Breeze Credit Union. We do not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction.
Would you like to continue?