http://www.checkcity.com/company/terms-of-use/
Check City > Company > Terms of Use
Cash Advances
Get Cash Now!
Now it’s possible to get cash when you need it with our payday cash advance. Get cash ASAP and pay it back when you get paid.
Check Cashing
Convenient Check Cashing.
Have a check that no one else will cash? Did you forget to cash your paycheck and you need the money now? Cash your check right now with Check City.
Cash for Gold
Did you know Check City buys Gold, Silver, Platinum, and more?
Find a location near you to sell your precious metal today!
Installment Loans
Cash now with flexible payment options.
Get the cash you need, when you need it. Now with more flexible payment options you can pay it back over time.
Business Check Cashing
Are you a business owner seeking immediate cash for supplies, payroll, and payables? Check City cashes checks made payable to your business.
Money Transfers
With Western Union, transfers are easy!
Transfer money around the world. Send or receive money, and the recipient can pick it up at any time with just a photo ID.
Netspend Prepaid Visa
All benefits of a Credit Card and no hassles
You can receive all the benefits of a credit card, without a credit check or bank account with a Check City Netspend Prepaid Debit Card!
Store Customers
Online Payments Now Available!
You read it right! Check City now offers online payments for in-store loans.
Tax Services
Get more back from Uncle Sam!
Our experienced tax professionals will help you take full advantage of your deductions, to help you get back the money that you deserve.
Title Loans
Get the Cash, Keep the Car.
Get a loan today based on the worth of your car. Bring in your car and title and we will assess how much money we can give you today.
Payday Loans
Make Payday Tomorrow!
Cash when you need it is now possible with our payday cash advance. Get money for whatever you need and pay it back when you get paid.
Terms of Use
Welcome to the web site (“Site”) of CCI Financial, Inc. d/b/a Checkcity.com (a Utah Corporation) (“Checkcity.com,” “we” or “us”), http://www.checkcity.com (the “Site” or “Web Site”). CCI Financial, Inc. is the sole owner of this Site. Set out below are terms and conditions for use of this Site. You agree to be bound by these terms if you use our Site. Be sure to check this page periodically for updates, as your continued use of the Site signifies your acceptance of any changed items.
Our Intellectual Property
The Checkcity.com name and Checkcity.com-branded seals, logos, and related marks are registered trademarks/design marks of Checkcity.com or its affiliated companies. The Checkcity.com Web site seal, and other such marks are trademark/certification mark(s)/service mark(s) of Checkcity.com. All rights reserved.
Our Site and all of its contents (articles, text, photographs, images, illustrations, graphics, video material, audio material, and software — collectively, the “intellectual property”), are protected by copyright, trademark and other laws of the United States, as well as international conventions and the laws of other countries. The intellectual property is owned or controlled by Checkcity.com or the party credited as the provider of the intellectual property. Additionally, the Site itself is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation.
No portion of this Site may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by Checkcity.com.
You may browse through the Site and occasionally download small amounts of materials appearing on the Site that are of interest to you. You must keep intact all copyright, trademark and other notices contained in your personal copies. Except as otherwise provided in these Terms & Conditions, you may not reproduce or allow others to reproduce your personal copies of downloaded materials, nor may you make them available electronically without our express written consent. You may not save or archive a significant portion of the material appearing on the Site. You may not attempt to alter or modify the content posted on the Site. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms & Conditions, you may not copy, download, display, distribute, publish, enter into a database, perform, modify, create derivative works, transmit, post, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or in any way exploit any of our intellectual property or the Site itself.
Proper Use of Our Site
You may not use this Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Terms and Conditions statement, or cause damage on or through this Site. You promise that none of your communications with or through the Site will violate any applicable local, state, national or international law.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Checkcity.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, business associates, and suppliers harmless from and against any actual or threatened claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Site in a manner that violates or is alleged to violate this Terms and Conditions statement or any applicable law.
Transactions
Certain areas of this Site enable you to apply for financial services through Checkcity.com. The terms of those loans and the terms governing your application to and participation in those programs are set forth in the License Agreement[s] for such program[s] granted by each state/territory where Checkcity.com is licensed. Checkcity.com reserves the right after receipt of your application to accept or decline your loan application as provided in the Loan Agreement governing the particular loan service for which you apply.
Use of Communication Services
The Checkcity.com website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
CCI Financial, Inc. has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, we reserve the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. CCI Financial, Inc. reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in our sole discretion.
You agree to always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. CCI Financial, Inc. does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, CCI Financial, Inc. specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized CCI Financial, Inc. spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of CCI Financial, Inc.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Termination/access restriction
Checkcity.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Checkcity.com website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
Disclaimer of Warranty, Limitation of Liability, and Release
Checkcity.com does not guarantee the accuracy of information found on the Site. Your reliance on information found on the Site is at your own risk.
THE SITE, AND ALL ITS CONTENTS, IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS.” CHECKCITY.COM MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THE RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, DATA ACCURACY, OR QUIET ENJOYMENT.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL CHECKCITY.COM OR ANY OTHERS INVOLVED IN CREATING THE SITE AND ITS CONTENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY CIRCUMSTANCE INVOLVING THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, MISDIRECTED OR REDIRECTED TRANSMISSIONS, FAILED INTERNET CONNECTIONS, UNAUTHORIZED USE OF THIS SITE, LOST DATA, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, BREACH OF SECURITY, LINE FAILURE, DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY USER OF THIS SITE, OR COMPUTER VIRUS, WORM, TROJAN HORSE OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENT), EVEN IF YOU HAVE ADVISED Checkcity.com IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
CHECKCITY.COM DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR TIMELINESS, CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. WHILE WE MAKE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO PROVIDE ACCURATE AND TIMELY INFORMATION ABOUT CHECKCITY.COM ON THIS SITE, YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IS ALWAYS UP TO DATE OR THAT THIS SITE CONTAINS ALL THE RELEVANT INFORMATION AVAILABLE ABOUT OUR COMPANY. WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO VERIFY OR MAINTAIN THE CURRENCY OF SUCH INFORMATION.
Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. However, in no event shall Checkcity.com’s aggregate liability to you or any third party for damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this Site or $100, whichever is lesser. You agree to bring any and all actions within one year from the date of the accrual of the cause of action, and that actions brought after this date will be barred.
In the event that you have a dispute with Checkcity.com, you release Checkcity.com (and our officers, directors, agents, and employees) from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site may provide links to web sites not operated by Checkcity.com. Access to any other sites linked to this Site is at your own risk. We assume no responsibility for third-party web sites. For example, we do not vouch for the accuracy or reliability of the information on third-party web sites, even if someone from our company is quoted or leaves a comment. We assume no responsibility for the content of or services offered by linked third party-sites, and make no representations regarding the accuracy of materials on third-party Web sites. Statements made on third-party Web sites linked to or from this site reflect only the views of their authors and not of Checkcity.com.
Unless otherwise set forth in a written agreement between you and Checkcity.com, you may link your Web site to the home page of our Site. [provided that you adhere to the following linking policy: (i) any link to Checkcity.com’s Site must be a text only link and clearly marked “Checkcity.com Site,” (ii) the appearance, position and other aspects of the link may not be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with Checkcity.com’s name, trademarks, and certification marks, (iii) the link must “point” to the URL http://www.Checkcity.com and not to other pages within our Site, (iv) the appearance, position and other attributes of the link may not create the false appearance that your organization or entity is sponsored by, affiliated with, or associated with Checkcity.com, (v) when selected by a user, the link must display the Checkcity.com Site on full-screen and not within a “frame” on the linking Site, and (vi) Checkcity.com reserves the right to revoke its consent to the link at any time and in its sole discretion.]
Violations and Additional Terms
Checkcity.com reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of this Terms and Conditions statement, including suspending or blocking your access to the Site. Please see our Privacy Policy for our policies regarding privacy, which is incorporated herein by reference.
No Waiver
No delay or failure by Checkcity.com to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions shall constitute a waiver of any of our rights under these Terms and Conditions. Neither the receipt of any funds by Checkcity.com nor the reliance of any person on our actions shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any part of these Terms and Conditions. Only a specific, written waiver signed by an authorized representative of Checkcity.com shall have any legal effect.
Severability
If any clause or provision set forth in this Terms and Conditions statement is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future law, the clause or provision shall be deemed to be deleted without affecting the enforceability of all remaining clauses or provisions.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions and any disputes arising under or related to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy or to this Site will be governed by U.S. federal law and the laws of the State of Utah, without reference to its conflict of law principles. Any such dispute shall be resolved exclusively in the state or federal courts in Utah County, Utah, where we have our headquarters. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the State of Utah for any legal proceeding involving the Site, regardless of who initiated the proceeding.
This English-language Terms and Conditions statement is Checkcity.com’s official agreement with users of this Site. In case of any inconsistency between this English-language Terms and Conditions statement and its translation into another language, this English-language document shall control.
For More Information
If you have any questions regarding our Terms and Conditions statement, please contact us by sending an email to operations@checkcity.com, calling our customer service at 866-258-4672, or writing to us at Checkcity.com, P.O. Box 970028, Orem, UT 84097.
Changes to this Agreement
Checkcity.com reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter, or otherwise change this Agreement at any time. We will provide notice of such change on this Web site. Please review the Terms of Use and/or Additional Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Checkcity.com Web site constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by these changes without limitation, qualification or change. If at any time you determine that you do not accept these changes, you must stop using this Web site.
Apply Now Or Call 1-800-404-0254
Find A Location | Rates and Fees | Contact Us |
Wireless
Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy |
© 2004-2020 Check City Online. All Rights Reserved.