http://www.drakeair.com/privacypolicy
ONLINE STORE
AMETEK MRO »
ABOUT AMETEK MRO »
Divisions »
»
Drake Air is a proven industry leader when it comes to the maintenance, repair and overhaul of aluminum, stainless and Inconel heat transfer components. The company services commercial, regional, general aviation and military operators around the world, and its dedicated experts specialize in both fixed wing and rotorcraft components.
Drake Air’s experienced technicians and leadership teams pride themselves on finding cost-effective solutions for their customers as best reflected in the company’s DER core replacement program and its in-house core manufacturing capabilities. Drake Air has been putting employees and customers first for more than thirty years. And when industry-leading capability combines with quality, cost, velocity and customer service, you have a partner for the long haul. Click the button below now to contact our team.
Products & Services
NuMaxtrix
Heat Exchanger
Oil Fuel Heater
Fuel
Military Applications
Precooler Placeholder
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Quality Awards / Certifications
Contact Us
Quality Awards / Certifications
AMETEK MRO maintains a vast array of MRO certifications across our 16 locations worldwide including AS9100, ISO9001, FAA, EASA and CAAC among others. These certifications are in some cases dependent on the location of our particular facility. Below is a listing and brief description of our locations where MRO repair and overhaul are performed. Please click the button below which will link you to the site’s web pages that include specific certifications maintained at this location.
AMETEK MRO is proud to have earned numerous industry awards for MRO service and support excellence. They serve as a testament to the dedication and hard work of our teams to go above and beyond in support of our customers and partners worldwide.
VIEW CERTIFICATIONS
VIEW AWARDS
Contact Us
AMETEK MRO Drake Air
4085 Southwest Blvd
Tulsa, OK 74107
Tel: (800) 542-6899
Contact Customer Service: OK-TUL-SAI-DRAKE-REPAIRS@ametek.com
Contact Sales: ok-tul-mrosales@ametek.com
By continuing to use the site you agree to our privacy and cookie policy.
Ok
MacCMS
×