http://www.armaninofoods.com/privacy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policymahnie2020-04-13T23:26:58+00:00
Effective Date: December 2018
This website is owned and operated by Armanino Foods of Distinction, Inc. (“Armanino Foods,” “we”, “our”, “us”). Here at Armanino Foods, we recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. So we developed this Privacy Policy to address those concerns. We may update this Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally.
This privacy policy covers the following topics:
Types of information we collect
How information is collected
How we use your personal information
Security measures
Data sharing and transfer
Links to other sites
Choice and control
Your California privacy rights
Non-U.S. visitors
Children
Updates to this privacy policy
How to contact us
Types of Information We Collect
At our site, we collect both personally-identifiable information and aggregate information.
Personally-identifiable information is information that can be used, alone or in combination with other information, to identify a person and may include name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, as well as any other personal information that you may input as free text into fields on any of our forms. We collect personally-identifiable information from individuals who provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly, such as by registering at our site, or by providing name and address information and requesting follow-up contacts from us. We don’t require you to register or provide this information to us in order to view our site or have access to its content.
Aggregate information relates to such things as how many consumers visit the site, which pages they access, what information they download, the type of web browser and operating system you use, the name of your Internet Service Provider (e.g., Comcast), and so on. When you visit our site, we automatically collect this information, and combine it with similar information collected about all other visitors. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors.
How Information is Collected
As we noted above, personally-identifiable information is collected from you directly and with your knowledge. Thus, when you register on the site, we collect the information you provide. When you enter a promotion, we collect the information needed for you to participate and for us to fulfill our obligations to you. When you e-mail us, we collect the e-mail address you supply, so that we can respond.
We also collect aggregate, non-personal information, on an ongoing basis when you view our website. The collection of this non-personal information is done either through “cookie” technology or with “web beacons” (also called ‘single-pixel gifs’), as explained below.
Cookies
Like many companies, we use “cookie” technology on and off of our website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for purpose of keeping records. They enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. The cookies do not contain any personally-identifiable information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive.
When you view our website we may place a “cookie” on your computer. Temporary cookies are used for purposes such as counting the number of visits to our sites. These temporary cookies are eliminated when you exit your browser. A permanent cookie may also be stored on your computer by your browser. When you log in, this type of cookie tells us whether you’ve visited us before or if you are a new visitor. The cookie doesn’t obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn’t extract any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features and recipes in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide more of what you may want.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Cookies allow you to take full advantage of all of Armanino Foods’ newest website features. Some portions of our website may not function properly if you refuse cookies.
Web Beacons
Web beacons are Internet instrumentation that helps us to determine, for instance, whether a page has been viewed. When you ask us to send you information on a promotion or newsletter, we may use web beacons to determine how many of the e-mails we sent were actually opened. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including a banner ad, can act as a web beacon. In addition, Armanino Foods may use cookies and/or web beacons when Armanino Foods advertises on other companies’ websites. Any information we gather in this way will be governed by this Privacy Policy.
Armanino Foods retains no control over third party cookies and/or web beacons and does not have access to whatever information they may collect on behalf of the third party. To learn more about third party advertising networks and their privacy policies, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/. We follow any choice you make through the NAI’s opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1) to opt-out of internet-based advertising.
How We Use Your Personal Information
If you specifically agreed to follow-up contacts by us or asked to be put on our mailing list, we may contact you from time to time. For example, we may send you marketing or promotion materials; we may respond to your comments or requests for information; or we may contact you if needed in the course of processing a product or service you requested through our website.
We may use your phone number if we need to contact you directly and our attempts to contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful.
We also use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; to statistically analyze website usage; and to improve our features and content. We may also use your personal information to deliver content that is customized to your interests as we best understand them from the information you’ve provided to us and your activities on the site. This customized content may include such things as recipes, banners, product information, and promotions. We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may combine non-personal information (e.g., the aggregate information described above) collected automatically (through cookies or web beacons) with your previously submitted personal information.
In the course of doing business, we employ other companies and individuals to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. For example, we hire agencies to help administer promotions, to analyze data, to fulfill orders you place, and to provide customer service. These agents may have access to personal information if it is needed to perform their functions for Armanino Foods.
Security Measures
We employ reasonable security measures designed to protect the security of information submitted by you. However, the security of information transmitted through the internet can never be guaranteed. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the internet or for changes to or losses of data.
Data Sharing and Transfer
In addition to any sale, transfer, or disclosure of your personally-identifiable information that you consent to, we may disclose your information, without notice to you, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) prevent a crime or an injury to ourselves or third parties; (2) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served upon Armanino Foods; and/or (3) protect or defend our rights or property, our website, or the users of our website.
We may transfer your personally-identifiable information in connection with a sale, merger, acquisition, or other change of ownership or control by or of us or any affiliated company.
There may be times when we share aggregate information about our visitors (for example, the percentage of male and female visitors to our site) with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising of our site for our users. We may also aggregate data from web log files (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) to understand how users navigate the site and what features are most popular.
Links to Other Sites
Armanino Foods does its best to make sure that every link on our website sends you to a helpful place on the Internet. However, websites and addresses change quickly, and Armanino Foods cannot guarantee the content of every site to which we provide a link. In addition, different websites have different privacy policies. You should always check the privacy policy of the specific site you’re visiting to understand your rights. Armanino Foods does not guarantee the accuracy of the information on these other websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these unaffiliated websites.
Choice and Control
You are ultimately in control of the personally-identifiable information you provide to us on our site. For example, you can always change your preference for follow-up contacts or personally-identifiable information just by e-mailing the Online Team at customerservice@armaninofoods.com with “My Account” in the subject line and body of your message or by changing the information in Your Profile section of the site. Or, if you prefer, you can cancel your registration altogether, by sending us an e-mail, and we will take prompt steps to remove your personally-identifiable information from our database.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents who provide certain types of personally-identifiable information when obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about certain types of personally-identifiable information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for our direct marketing uses. To obtain this information, please send an e-mail to the Online Team at customerservice@armaninofoods.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line and in the body of your message.
Non-U.S. Visitors
All personally-identifiable information we collect is currently processed in the United States by us or by a party acting on our behalf. When you provide your personally-identifiable information to us, you consent to the transfer of your data to, and processing in, the United States. Our website and our goods and services are provided in and from the United States. We do not market and/or sell our goods and services to businesses or individuals located in the European Union.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personally-identifiable information from any person under the age of thirteen (13). No part of our website is directed to or designed to attract anyone under the age of thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally-identifiable information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) and we do not knowingly allow such persons to send us personally-identifiable information. To be clear, individuals under the age of thirteen (13) should not send us personally-identifiable information. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered such information, we will take reasonable measures to erase such information from our records.
Updates To This Privacy Policy
We may change or update portions of this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice to you. Please check our website from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice. We will indicate the policy’s effective date on the first page of the policy.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
Armanino Foods of Distinction, Inc.
30588 San Antonio St.
Hayward California USA 94544
E-MAIL: customerservice@armaninofoods.com
TOLL FREE: (866) 553-5611
FAX: (510) 927-9189
Business Hours 7:00am to 4:30pm PST
We’ll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.