https://www.pbleisurewear.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2018-07-11T11:20:57+01:00
PB Leisurewear Limited – Privacy Policy
PB Leisurewear Limited is a responsible company and are committed to respecting your online privacy. This privacy policy outlines how we collect, use, store and share personal information.
Definition of Personal Information
Personal Information means any information we collect and store, which may be used to identify an individual. This includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, a physical address and an email address or other contact information, relating either to work or home.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
PB Leisurewear Limited collect and store personal information whenever you request sales information, purchase a product and/or service, or contact our customer services team. Personal information is collected from various media, including, but not limited to:  telephone, face-to-face interactions, email and our website forms.  We only collect information that you’ve provided to us voluntarily.
Your information will be used solely by PB Leisurewear Limited for the purposes of marketing and customer support.  We value your privacy, and will never sell or rent your personal information to any third party. PB Leisurewear Limited will only share your details with a third party if:
It is necessary to do so in order to supply any product or service you have purchased,
It is necessary to do so in order to protect or enforce our rights or those of a third party,
We are required to do so by law, or
We may pass your information to our successors in interest if PB Leisurewear Limited were to merge with or be acquired by a third party.
Information we collect
When you visit our Site, we collect three types of information:
Personal information you knowingly choose to disclose to us such as your name and email address. This information is required to fulfill request for information, or to provide support to our customers and prospects.  Completion of any online form is voluntary and details of other ways to contact us are available.
Non-personal information including but not limited to browser type, IP address, operating system, the date and time of a visit, the pages visited on this Site, the time spent viewing the Site, and return visits to the Site.
We may also collect aggregated information as you and others browse our Site.
Access & Changes to Personal Information
PB Leisurewear Limited will endeavour at all times to keep your details accurate and up to date in accordance with the Data Protection Regulations. You may contact us at any time and request to see the information we hold about you. You may also request any information to be amended or removed. We will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that these requests are dealt with in a timely manner.
Non-Personal Information and Cookie Usage
PB Leisurewear Limited may use cookies to enhance your experience on our website. A cookie is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about web site activity. They are not used to store or extract any personal information. Most browsers allow you to select whether or not to accept cookies. Please note that some elements of our website may require cookies to be enabled for the best experience.
Communication Preferences
At any time you can change your communication preference, including opting out of receiving communications by contacting us. To opt out please contact us.
From time to time, we may contact customers about important/critical changes relating to products in use. We have a legal obligation to do this, even if you have opted out of receiving marketing related email.
Data Security
PB Leisurewear Limited will store your personal information in our contact database for only as long as it remains relevant to do so, and will do so in accordance with the law. All reasonable steps will be taken to prevent unauthorized access to personal information and to ensure that such personal information is held in a safe and secure manner.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Site may contain links to other sites operated by third parties. We have no control over the information you supply directly to these sites. We encourage you read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Site.
Changes in our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting any updated policies on this web page. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Go to Top