http://www.millfarmtrees.co.uk/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept these cookies.For more information, please see our Cookies Page
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
We are still open for business between 8am and 1pm Monday to Friday
Online orders despatched as normal. Visits to the nursery by appointment only
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyYour privacy is imperative to us. Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to this site, inorder to comprehend our practices. Please note your statutory rights are not affected. We are dedicated toprotecting your privacy. Please read this following to learn more about our privacy policy!What we collect and what we use it forThe personally identifiable information that we gather from you when you place an order with us, will be usedto help us serve you, it will be used to process your orders. If you send us an email, we will retain the contentof your email and your email address to respond to your message and handle any follow up.You are able to withhold all personal information that is not required to complete the order transaction. We donot collect any sensitive personal information in line with the Data Protection Act 1998. Personal informationwill only be held for as long as it is needed for the purpose it was collected.What information do we share?Information about our customers is an important part of our business. Mill Farm Plants will not sell, trade orrent your personal information to others.We will only share the minimum amount of information about you with our direct suppliers to allow them tocomplete your transaction.CookiesCookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer&#39;s hard drive by your browser. Ourcookies do not contain any personally identifying information but allow us to provide features to make you&#39;reshopping on our website easier. Most browsers allow the cookie function to be turned off. If you want to knowhow to do this look at the help menu on your browser.In summaryWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shoppingat Mill Farm Plants possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. By using our Web site, youconsent to the collection and use of this information by Mill Farm Plants. If we decide to change our PrivacyPolicy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect,how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.For further information please contact us at sales@millfarmplants.co.uk
x
Join
Top