http://www.aric.com/policyholders/coronavirus-resources-and-tips-for-seniors
Fulfilling our promise to be here for you
We are committed to being here when you need us. That’s why we’ve taken steps to protect the health and safety of our employees while maintaining consistent service levels. In addition, you can rest assured knowing our long-term sustainability and capital strength enable us to withstand unpredictable natural and economic challenges.
If you’ve been impacted by COVID-19, we’re here to help. Please contact our Customer Care team at (800) 247-2190, Monday through Friday, from 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Central time for assistance.
You can also conveniently access your policy information online via our customer portal. Click on “Member Login” on the top right side of this page and follow the steps to create a new account.
Coronavirus Resources and Tips for Seniors
To help our customers determine which COVID-19 online resources might be most helpful, we’ve compiled a list of articles and tips for the 50-plus audience. We will continue to update this page as new topics arise.
8 Ways to Minimize Coronavirus Isolation for Seniors
Seniors, who are especially vulnerable to social isolation right now, can minimize senior isolation with these small actions.
Learn More
Protect Yourself from These 10 COVID-19 Scams
Government and fraud investigation organizations are urging consumers to be on high alert for a variety of coronavirus-related scams.
Learn More
Answers to Your Most Common Questions About Telemedicine
Telemedicine not only limits transmitting viruses, like COVID-19, it also increases access to care.
Learn More
Cleaning and Preparation
Coronavirus.gov
Official website of the White House, CDC, and FEMA
How to Properly Clean and Disinfect for the Coronavirus
Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
COVID-19 Checklist: How to Prepare Your Household
Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
How to Prepare Your Family and for Illness
Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
Health and Wellness
Medicare and the Coronavirus
Source: Medicare
Coronavirus Outbreak Forcing People to Think About End-of-life Directives
Source: NBC News
Managing Anxiety and Stress During the Pandemic
Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
Indoor Workout Routines and Videos
Source: Newsweek magazine
Connect with Others in Your Community
Source: AARP
Frequently Asked Questions
CDC Coronavirus Resources
Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)
Coronavirus and Older Adults: Your Questions Answered
Source: AARP
The Difference Between Being In 'Quarantine,' ‘Isolation,’ And ‘Shelter In Place’
Source: Forbes magazine
COVID-19 Information for Veterans
Source: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
Health Departments by State
Source: USA.gov
Weekly Tele-townhalls with the Nation’s Top Coronavirus Experts
Source: AARP
Finances
Medicare Warns of Coronavirus-Related Scams
Source: AARP
Protect Yourself Financially from the Impact of the Coronavirus
Source: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
The IRS and Coronavirus
Source: Internal Revenue Service
Coronavirus Money Advice from Experts
Source: New York Times
Money Moves to Survive a Coronavirus Recession
Source: Consumer Reports
Shopping
Supermarkets Offer Special Hours for Older Shoppers
Source: AARP
How to Shop Safely During the Coronavirus Outbreak
Source: Good Housekeeping
Tips for Stocking Up While Minimizing Coronavirus Exposure
Source: Today
Travel
Coronavirus Updates from Department of State
Source: U.S. Department of State
Coronavirus and Travel: What You Should Know
Source: AARP
Coronavirus News and Updates from DHS
Source: U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Voting and Elections
Coronavirus (COVID-19): Election Resources
Source: U.S. Election Assistance Commission
Find Your State or Local Election Office
Source: U.S. Government Services and Information
Entertainment
12 Historic Sites You Can Virtually Tour During the Coronavirus Outbreak
Source: The Washington Post
Virtual Concerts, Plays, Museums, and Other Culture You Can Enjoy from Home
Source: CNN
Free Movies to Books, Guitar Lessons to Exercise Classes, and More
Source: CNET
5 Tips from Chefs on Cooking from Your Pantry
Source: Time magazine
Notice for New Jersey Life Insurance Policyholders Only
Temporary measures have been made available during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Read More
COVID-19 Response for Major Medical Policyholders Only
American Republic Insurance Company will make some temporary changes for major medical policies only during the COVID-19 outbreak.
Learn More
Search for: