http://www.pdcspas.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
Plastic Development Company, (PDC Spas), is committed to keeping any and all personal information collected of those individuals that visit our website and make use of our online facilities and services accurate, confidential, secure and private. Our privacy policy has been designed and created to ensure those affiliated with Plastic Development Company of our commitment and realization of our obligation not only to meet but to exceed most existing privacy standards.
THEREFORE, this Privacy Policy Agreement shall apply to Plastic Development Company, and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. Through the use of www.pdcspas.com and www.buypdc.com  you are herein consenting to the following data procedures expressed within this agreement.
Collection of Information
This website collects various types of information, such as:
Voluntarily provided information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which may be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
Please rest assured that this site shall only collect personal information that you knowingly and willingly provide by way of surveys, completed membership forms, and emails. It is the intent of this site to use personal information only for the purpose for which it was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this site.
It is highly recommended and suggested that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of and share information collected.
Use of Information Collected
Plastic Development Company may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure delivery of the services you need and request. At times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from www.pdcspas.com. Plastic Development Company may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys and/or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
Plastic Development Company does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent or lease any of our customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
Plastic Development Company may disclose your personal information, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon Plastic Development Company and/or our website;
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of Plastic Development Company; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of www.pdcspas.com, www.buypdc.com  and/or the general public.
Children Under Age of 13
Plastic Development Company does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of thirteen (13), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system's database. Anyone under the age of thirteen (13) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this website.
Unsubscribe or Opt-Out
All users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our website please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to spas@pdcspas.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any third party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt-out.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. Plastic Development Company does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. Therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
Security
Plastic Development Company shall endeavor and shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of the user's personal information under our control.
Changes to Privacy Policy Agreement
Plastic Development Company reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website homepage at www.pdcspas.com, www.buypdc.com  so that our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. If at any point in time Plastic Development Company decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, the user or users shall be promptly notified by email. Users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
Acceptance of Terms
Through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned Privacy Policy Agreement. If you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. In addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy Agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email, telephone number or mailing address.
Email: spas@pdcspas.com
Telephone Number: 800-451-1420
Mailing Address:
Plastic Development Company
PDC Spas
PO Box 4007
Williamsport, Pennsylvania 17701
10/27/2015
Terms and Conditions of Sale
PDC Spas, Plastic Development Company of PA. , Inc.
These terms & conditions apply to all ordering methods: online, phone, fax, mail.
Sales are conducted in the US only, excluding AK, CA and Puerto Rico. Delivery charge applies to surface delivery only.
A daytime phone number is required in order for the freight company to call you for delivery arrangements on most spas.
A physical address is required. We cannot ship spas to PO Boxes or APO. Due to high ticket value, if paying by credit card, the specified delivery address must match your credit card billing address for your protection and ours.
Due to their large size, most spas must be shipped via truck. You should have help on hand to assist you with large spas; the driver is responsible for unloading and curbside or driveway delivery. It is your responsibility to position and install the spa into your yard or home.
Most residential addresses are accessible, but locations which are not accessible by tractor-trailer may be subject to additional charges. Examples include: lanes or alleys too narrow, islands or locations requiring ferry boat transportation, gated communities restricting trucks, remote locations and unpaved roads. If in doubt, call us and we will check with the delivery company prior to proceeding, and will obtain your approval for additional charges, if any.
You or a person you designate must be on hand to inspect and sign for truck deliveries. Missed delivery appointments may result in re-delivery charges to you.
Carefully inspect the carton and packaging, and note any damage, no matter how slight, on the freight receipt prior to signing.
Damage is very unlikely, but if spa appears damaged, note it on delivery receipt and call the factory; 1-800-451-1420 immediately for assistance. If you or your designee sign for and accept the delivery without noting damage, you are indicating that the shipment arrived in good condition, and no claims can be made.
All our spas are custom built-to-order and shipped factory-direct. Custom-built spa orders cancelled after production has begun are subject to a 20% cancellation fee. No cancellation once a spa has shipped. Once the spa has shipped, time in transit can range from 7 to 21 days, depending upon your location.
PDC Copyright and Trademark Statement
Copyright Plastic Development Co. /  PDC Spas. All rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music and other materials on this website are subject to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of PDC Spas.  These materials may not be reproduced, distributed, modified or reposted to other websites without the express written permission of PDC Spas.
The marks appearing on this website including, but not limited to: all hot tub model names, logos, emblems slogans, equipment names, audio names, etc. are trademarks and or service marks of PDC Spas, its subsidiaries, affiliates or licensors.
Material contained in this site pertains to products and services for the USA market only. The information contained herein is designed to be as comprehensive and factual as possible. We reserve the right to make changes at any time and without notice.
Some links provided on this site may lead to sites furnished by independent site owners. The information presented therein is the sole responsibility of those site owners. PDC Spas and its advertising agencies have no control or responsibility for the content of independent sites and provides these links to its visitors for their convenience.
©2015 PDC Spas. All rights reserved. None of this site can be reproduced in part or in whole, without the express permission of Plastic Development Company (PDC Spas).
SWIM SPAS AND HOT TUBS. BUY ONCE, BUY RIGHT.
PDC Spas offers a diverse line of hot tubs, swim spas and fitness spas with unparalleled quality and wellness benefits. Dedicated to manufacturing advanced hydrotherapy products, our products are designed to reduce stress and improve your health, ultimately delivering a better quality of life in the privacy of your home. Each hot tub, fitness spa and swim spa model is meticulously engineered combining comfort features and performance technology to provide a full range of immediate and long-term health benefits. PDC Spas offers a wide variety of sizes and features to ensure the best hot tub, swim spa and fitness spa for you and your home. Made in the USA from start to finish for over 60 years, PDC Spas is proud to be the most trusted name in the spa industry.
How to Buy
Request Info