http://www.databusinesssystems.com/privacy.html
Data Business Systems Privacy Policy
Data Business Systems (DBS) is sensitive to privacy issues relating to use of the internet. DBS believes it is important you know how it treats the information about you it receives through the internet. In general, you can visit DBS on the World Wide Web without telling it who you are or revealing any information about yourself. DBS's web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. DBS reviews this information to measure the use of its site and to improve the content of its site.
There are times, however, when DBS may need information from you, such as your name and address. When information is needed, DBS will try to let you know at the time of collection, how we will use the personal information.
DBS recognizes that you provide us with specific, and sometimes private information so that we may serve you better. The personal information DBS collects is used only to respond to your inquiry, process an order or allow you to access specific account information.
It is DBS's policy not to share that information outside its organization without your knowledge or consent. A technology called cookies may be used to provide you with tailored information. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so that the DBS server can recognize you when you return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you may then decide whether or not to accept it.
DBS may conduct online surveys on occasion to better understand the needs and profile of its visitors. When DBS conducts an internet survey, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time of collection. DBS's web site may contain links to other sites such as trade associations, search engines and internet tools.
While DBS attempts to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, DBS is not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.