https://www.aquaticdesign.co.uk/terms/
Search for:
Skip to content
Online Privacy PolicyYour privacy on aquaticdesign.co.uk is important to us and we want you to be confident that your personal data is kept safely and securely and never misused. This privacy policy, sets out what information we collect about you, how we use it and how we protect your privacy.
By accessing this website, you confirm to have understood and agreed to both this policy and our Terms and Conditions.
The Aquatic Design Centre Limited (Registered Company Number:2624117) is the Data Controller responsible for, and committed to, protecting your privacy online when using this website (www.aquaticdesign.co.uk) in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation and Data Protection Act 2018.
Stock Availability
We have a very large selection of dry goods and livestock. Our website shows availability at the time you place an order. In the event we do not hold stock, we will let you know as soon as possible by email or phone and will try to order new stock from our wholesalers. The status of your order can be checked on our site by logging in and going to ‘My Account’. Due to the size of our catalog some items can become unavailable or discontinued, in this case we will contact you immediately to ask you how you would like to proceed. If you are unsure about the availability of a product then please either use the contact us.
Price Matching
We price match any products over £60.00. The price match product must be identical, not clearance or special offer. You will need to show us the comparable item on their website, leaflet or catalog. Please note we do not price match against auctions sites or third party sites, for example Ebay and Amazon. We reserve the right to refuse a price match request at anytime.
Deliveries policy
Who pays who doesn’t?• Clients on all-inclusive contracts can purchase with delivery on account. See list of applicable clients• Clients or general customers without an all-inclusive contract must pay for any items ordered before they are sent.
Delivery chargesAll-inclusive = freeNormal client = free if goods value is over £30. If good value is under £30 then £10 delivery charge plus any congestion/ulez if they are in the zone.
General public = Within 3 miles = free if goods value is over £30. If goods value is under £30 then £5 delivery charge. More than 3 miles = £10 plus any congestion/ulez
We will call you or send you an email when your order is ready for dispatch. Delivery is usually the next working day Monday to Friday 9:30am to 6:30 pm, but very can very occasionally be subject to delays up to 5days. Saturday deliveries are available at an additional cost. We will email and/or call you giving you a 1 hour delivery time slot. If you are not available at that time then you can simply reply and re-arrange.
Collection
Come down and see us in store Monday to Thursday between 10am and 7pm, Friday 10-6pm Saturday from 10-5pm, or Sunday from 11-5pm. We also now have a collection option on checkout, if you would like to collect from our premises in Balham, South London then simply select this through the website, phone us or email us. We will contact you when your order has been placed to arrange a suitable time and date for collection.
Aquarium Purchases
We cannot accept claims for damages once you have inspected and taken delivery of your aquarium after 48 hours, after this time will be unable to replace it. It is therefore essential that you are satisfied that your aquarium is in good condition at the time you take delivery. If the aquarium is damaged you should contact us immediately. We will assess the damage and either arrange for replacement parts or a replacement goods.
Replacement Policy
If faulty goods are received you must notify us within 7 working days. Where possible replacement parts will be dispatched and where not possible we will ask you to return the goods. Once we have verified the damage we will supply replacements as required. Where good returned to us are in good working order we are not able to refund your return postage costs and we reserve the right to deduct our original postage cost and a restocking fee from any refund. We cannot take responsibility for any consequential loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from goods supplied. Please be aware that all items purchased as a used or ex-display model will not retain a manufacturers warranty and are sold as seen.
Our Returns Policy
Goods being returned for testing must be sent at your own expense. We will only refund postage fees if the order arrives damaged or becomes faulty within two weeks. It is important that you obtain proof of posting as the goods are your responsibility until they are received by us. We can only refund postage costs if goods are returned within 7 days of purchase under the Replacement Policy. You need to agree a delivery service prior to shipping as we will only refund standard or tracked shipping fees, we are not able to refund the cost of any special delivery service. We cannot refund postage for good returned for any other reason and we reserve the right to deduct our original postage cost and a restocking fee from any refund applicable. If you have made a mistake in purchase then you will need to return the goods to us and if you have received free shipping we reserve the right to deduct all postage fees plus a restocking fee.
Paypal
We also accept payment via PayPal and your payment is required immediately to confirm the order. We only ship to the addresses provided by PayPal, so please make sure you have the correct postal address at time of checkout. We offer a 14 day return period if not completely satisfied and will refund if all items are returned to us within this period. Deliveries are made using our own company delivery drivers or Royal Mail Services.
Media Services
We offer Media, Film, Television, Photographic Shoots, Equipment Hire, and Animal Handling. These services are all billed at standard hourly rates. Deposits or full payments must be paid before any filming or hire on the day. We may refuse entry at anytime.
OATA
The Aquatic Design Centre are proud members of the Ornamental Aquatic Trade Association OATA (www.ornamentalfish.org)
The Animal Welfare (Licensing of Activities lnvolving Animals) (England) Regulations 2018
The Aquatic Design Centre is License to Sell Animals as pets.The London Borough of Lambeth being a local authority responsible for licensing the selling of animals as pets under the The Animal Welfare (Licensing of Activities Involving Animats) (England)Regulations 2018. Licence Number 19/lOO7.
https://www.aquaticdesign.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/shop-lic-2019.pdf
ORDERS WELCOMEShop Open 7 DaysRead More... Collections, Deliveries or Visit Us!Welcome to The Aquatic Design Centre Store Dismiss
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks