https://www.theglobeandmail.com/investing/personal-finance/gen-y-money/article-down-payment-or-dream-trip-this-calculator-can-help-you-decide/
Skip to main content
Search
Search
Quick links
Horoscopes
Puzzles
Member Benefits
Newsletters
Globe Shop
Investigations
Death Notices (Legacy.com)
Reader services
Subscribe
Following
Subscriptions
Settings
Customer Help
Contact us
Log in
Log out
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Rob CarrickPersonal Finance ColumnistChris Manza
Published May 9, 2019
Updated May 10, 2019
Published May 9, 2019
This article was published more than 1 year ago. Some information in it may no longer be current.
Comments
Share
Text Size
Bookmark
Down payment or dream trip? What about retirement? If you’re entering the workforce and struggling to decide how you’ll meet competing financial goals, this calculator is here to help. Simply plug in your income and monthly living costs, and the Real Life Money Launcher will help you map out how much of each paycheque should be going into short-term goals like weddings, medium-term goals like home ownership and long-term objectives like retirement.
Rob Carrick's Real Life Money Launcher How to set up your savings after you start working
Step 1. Start with your income
Tell us your next biweekly pay after tax and deductions…
…and we'll tell you your monthly net pay
Step 2. Plug in your monthly expenses
Student debt payment (add any other debts as well)
Rent and utilities (include cellphone, internet)
Groceries, drugstore items
Car payments, car sharing, public transit
Gas, insurance and other car costs
Entertainment (bars, restaurants, concerts, etc.)
Fitness and activities
Subscriptions
Clothes
Miscellaneous (daycare, pet costs, etc.)
Savings and investments 10% of your monthly takehome pay
is a good target, but you decide your own amount. This is what we'll use to calculate your results.
Your total monthly spending + saving: If you have your saving and investing locked in as a regular expense, it's OK to spend your whole takehome pay.
Step 3. Define your savings goals to see your results
Saving goals for the near or medium term (1-10 years)
You tell us the % of your total savings for each goal: We tell you how much to save per month:
Emergency Fund
Travel
Wedding
Down payment or home reno
Other
Where your near or medium term money should go: Money needed in the next few years should be kept safe and not invested in the stock market. Learn more about zero risk high interest savings accounts.
Investing for the long term (10+ years)
Building assets for various uses, including retirement 0 of 100% allocated
Where your long term money should go: Pick your risk profile to see your results. Risk is defined here as exposure to the stock market. Stocks can be expected to deliver higher returns than bonds over the long term, but they can fall hard in the short term. Bonds help limit the pain when stocks fall. Learn more about investment risk profiles and check out Volume One and Volume Two of our millennial investing guide.
High risk Med. risk Low risk
Not worried about stock market risk 90% stocks, 10% bonds
Reign in the risk a bit 75% stocks, 25% bonds
Nervous investor 60% stocks, 40% bonds
More from Gen Y Money
A ‘how do I compare’ guide for millennials on savings, debt and home ownership With so much disruption, it’s difficult to know what a normal debt load, a normal mortgage balance and a normal amount of savings is if you’re a young adult
Your Globe
Build your personal news feed Hide info
Follow topics and authors relevant to your reading interests. Check your Following feed daily, and never miss an article. Access your Following feed from your account menu at the top right corner of every page.
Follow the authors of this article:
Rob Carrick
Follow
Follow topics related to this article:
Real estate
Follow
Retirement
Follow
Stocks
Follow
View more suggestions in Following Read more about following topics and authors
Related articles
A new tool for helping young adults find their financial footing
May 10, 2019
Ultimate investor guide for Generation Y: Part 2
August 22, 2014
Follow Rob Carrick,  on Twitter
@rcarrick
Report an error
Editorial code of conduct
Due to technical reasons, we have temporarily removed commenting from our articles. We hope to have this fixed soon. Thank you for your patience. If you are looking to give feedback on our new site, please send it along to feedback@globeandmail.com. If you want to write a letter to the editor, please forward to letters@globeandmail.com.
Comments
Show comments
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
Log in
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. Non-subscribers can read and sort comments but will not be able to engage with them in any way. Click here to subscribe. If you would like to write a letter to the editor, please forward it to letters@globeandmail.com. Readers can also interact with The Globe on Facebook and Twitter .
I'm a print subscriber, link to my account
Subscribe to comment
Why do I need to subscribe?
Welcome to The Globe and Mail’s comment community. This is a space where subscribers can engage with each other and Globe staff. We aim to create a safe and valuable space for discussion and debate. That means:
Treat others as you wish to be treated Criticize ideas, not people Stay on topic Avoid the use of toxic and offensive language Flag bad behaviour
Comments that violate our community guidelines will be removed. Read our community guidelines here
Discussion loading ...
Read most recent letters to the editor.
To view this site properly, enable cookies in your browser. Read our privacy policy to learn more.
How to enable cookies