http://www.legalmarketing.org/page/privacy-policy
LoginRequest LoginToggle navigation
About OverviewHistoryLeadersContactLMA News
Join Why JoinFast FactsBecome a MemberMember BenefitsMembership CategoriesMembership DuesMembership FAQsMembership Brochure
Connect Regions and Local GroupsJob BankShared Interest GroupsCOVID-19: Collaboration & Resource HubWell-Being Resource CenterCareers in Transition Resource CenterSpeaker Database
Learn LearnBody of KnowledgeBoK Assessment ToolLMA QuickStart®Upcoming WebinarsWebinar ArchivesLearning StoreLMA LibraryLMA PodcastStrategies MagazineStrategies+ BlogSpeaker ResourcesThe Next Big Thing
Attend AttendAnnual ConferenceP3® – The Virtual ExperienceRegional ConferencesCalendar
Advocate AdvocateProfessional AdvocacyEthics & MarketingDiversity & InclusionDiversity & Inclusion Resource CenterIndustry ResearchALA's Compensation & Benefits SurveySALI AllianceBecome a PartnerPartnersMedia Attention
Celebrate AwardsHall of FameYour Honor AwardsRising Star AwardPresidents' GiftAffiliates & Partners
Privacy Policy
Legal Marketing Association Privacy Policy
Legal Marketing Association (“LMA,” “we,” or “us”) has created and posted this privacy policy in an effort to maintain efficient service while respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. This privacy policy is incorporated into and is a part of the Terms of Use of our website. Specifically, this privacy policy covers the following topics:
Information Collection
Children’s Data
Information Use
Information Sharing
Access to and Control of Information
Data Security
Data Retention
Data Transfer
External Links
Privacy Policy Updates
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms
LMA Contact Information
Information Collection
This privacy policy applies to information that LMA collects (i) on the LMA website (Site), (ii) through other platforms used in connection with the services and products that we provide, and (iii) by telephone, email, text message, letter, or other methods of communication. When you use our services or products, we collect (i) information provided voluntarily; and (ii) information collected automatically, as described in detail below.
Information Provided Voluntarily
Member Contact Information: We will collect personal information that you provide to us, including, but not limited to, your name, date of birth, employer’s name, job title, mailing address(es), e-mail address(es), telephone number(s), fax number, photograph, and user name. Such information is necessary to provide a more personalized experience on the Site and to facilitate your access to, use of, purchase of, or participation in our service and product offerings in which you have expressed interest, including, but not limited to: membership; events, meetings, or conferences; educational programs; and online forums. Please note that you may decline to share your personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide you with certain aspects of our services or products.
Member Demographic Information: We will collect demographic information that you provide to us, including, but not limited to, your gender. You will be asked to consent to the collection of such information in accordance with this privacy policy at the time of collection, and you may withdraw that consent at any time. Such information is collected to analyze member demographics, facilitate the creation of a diverse and inclusive environment, and improve the member experience.
Payment Information: If you choose to purchase a product or service, we and/or our third-party payment processors will collect your payment information, including, but not limited to, your credit or debit card number, card verification value (CVV) number, and expiration date.
Enrollment, Registration, and Order Form Information: In order to enroll in or register for an LMA program, attend LMA events, meetings, or conferences, or request LMA products or services, you will be required to fill out a registration or order form and provide personal information, which we will use to process your registration or order. In certain circumstances, a program, event, meeting, or conference accessed through the Site may be jointly sponsored or co-sponsored with another organization or organizations. If enrollment or registration is handled by a co-sponsor, the co-sponsor’s (not LMA’s) privacy policy will apply and be controlling. Please note that LMA is not responsible for the privacy policies of such other organizations or their collection, use, sharing, or other processing of your personal or other information, and LMA hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility in connection therewith.
Information Collected Automatically
Automated Information: Your web browser or mobile device automatically provides information when you visit the Site, including, but not limited to, your Internet Protocol (IP) address or unique device identifier.
Cookies: Cookies are pieces of stored information on a user’s computer or device that are tied to information about the user and used to provide smoother navigation throughout the Site, such as to store a saved password; to identify user trends, such as page views; and for other internal purposes, such as to assess the effectiveness of the Site. The Site uses session ID cookies, which terminate when a user closes the browser. You will be asked to consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this privacy policy when you visit the Site. You have the option of setting your computer to disable cookies or to alert you when cookies are being used. If you choose to disable cookies, please be aware that portions of the Site may not function properly.
Log Files: Log files store information such as a user’s IP, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. Like most websites, the Site uses log files to analyze trends, administer the Site, and track users’ movement on the Site in the aggregate.
Google AdWords: This Site uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third-party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to the Site. We may advertise to previous visitors who have not completed a task on the Site, for example, using the contact form to make an inquiry. The task may appear in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on users’ past visits to the Site. Any data collected will be used in accordance with this privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. Users may opt out of this service through the Google Ads Settings or Google Ad Settings mobile resource.
Children’s Data
The Site and our services and products are not directed toward children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect information from children. If we become aware that a child has provided us with information without parental consent, that information will be deleted from our records.
Information Use
LMA uses the information that we collect to provide our services and products and to operate our business. We may use and store such information for legitimate and lawful business purposes, for example, in order to:
provide a service or product you requested;
secure your membership status;
fulfill your membership benefits;
analyze and evaluate member and prospective member needs and interests, and improve the member and prospective member experience;
notify you of LMA official business, news, activities, programs, events, meetings, conferences, services, products, and benefits;
send occasional email communications on behalf of vendors;
track event, meeting, and conference attendance;
track education related activities;
prepare invoices and process payments;
respond to communications and inquiries that you send to us;
respond to a notice of alleged copyright infringement;
promote the function, safety, and security of our services; and
for other legitimate and lawful business purposes.
For individuals located in the European Economic Area, we rely on multiple legal bases to collect, use, share, or otherwise process your personal data, including that:
you have given consent, which you may withdraw at any time;
it is necessary for us to perform a contract with you;
it is necessary for us to comply with legal obligations;
it is necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests;
it is necessary for us to perform a task in the public interest or for our official functions; and/or
it is necessary to protect someone’s life.
To the extent we rely on our legitimate interests as a legal basis to collect, use, share, or otherwise process your personal data, those interests include: providing a product or service you requested; securing your membership status; fulfilling your membership benefits; analyzing and evaluating member and prospective member needs and interests, and improving the member and prospective member experience; notifying you of LMA official business, news, activities, programs, events, meetings, conferences, services, products, and benefits; sending occasional email communications on behalf of vendors; tracking event, meeting, and conference attendance; tracking education related activities; preparing invoices and process payments; responding to communications and inquiries that you send to us; promoting the function, safety, and security of our services; and responding to a notice of alleged copyright infringement.
Information Sharing
Personal information may be given to a third party in order to complete a specific business transaction on behalf of LMA. Such transactions may include the following:
Your name and contact information, as provided to LMA, may be shared with LMA members to provide a service, satisfy a question, or develop a prospective business relationship. We are not responsible for members’ use or misuse of your personal information.
Your name and contact information may appear on registration or attendee lists distributed at LMA programs, events, meetings, and conferences to other attendees, including members, and other third parties, including, but not limited to, exhibitors or sponsors. We are not responsible for use or misuse of your personal information by exhibitors, sponsors, or the like.
We may share your personal information with third parties that provide services to LMA, including, but not limited to, administration/operation support; marketing, promotions, and communications; program, event, meeting, or conference enrollment, registration, planning, hosting, or management; website hosting; database management; payment card processing; package shipping; or other data processing.
We also may disclose personal information if we become subject to a subpoena, court order, or law enforcement or other government agency inquiry or investigation or if we are otherwise legally required to disclose such information. We also may use and disclose information about you to establish or exercise our legal rights, to enforce the Terms of Service Terms of Use Agreement, to assert and defend against legal claims, or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities or potential threats to the physical safety or well-being of any person.
If all or part of LMA is merged into or otherwise transferred to another entity, we may transfer the personal information you provided to us to such entity as part of that transaction.
Access to and Control of Information
LMA takes your privacy and the protection of your personal information seriously, and we will provide you with reasonable access to and control of the personal information that you have provided to us. You may request to update your personal information, or to opt in to or opt out of any service offerings, at any time. For individuals located in the European Economic Area, you may have additional rights concerning your personal data, such as to access, obtain a copy of, correct, or delete that information or to withdraw your consent or object to the collection, use, sharing, or other processing of that information. To make any request with respect to your personal information, please contact LMA as set forth below in the “LMA Contact Information” section.
Data Security
We employ reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural security measures to safeguard your personal information and to help protect against unauthorized access and disclosure. Online registration information, such as payment card information, will be secured using a commercially accepted method of encryption. However, please be aware that no method of electronic transmission is completely infallible, and we cannot guarantee its absolute safety. We encourage you to use reasonable care in how you handle and disclose your personal information, user name(s), and password(s). If you become aware of any breach of Site security, please contact us immediately.
Data Retention
LMA retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected as set forth in this privacy policy, after which we will securely destroy or delete such personal information from our records unless otherwise required by law. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and as otherwise set forth in this privacy policy.
Data Transfer
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information, including personal data, to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or to other countries outside the United States other than your country of residence. Countries other than your country of residence, including the United States, may have data privacy and protection laws that differ from, and potentially provide less protection than, the applicable laws in your country of residence. To the extent that LMA may be deemed to have transferred personal data outside of the European Economic Area, we rely on multiple legal bases for doing so. For individuals located in the European Economic Area: (i) you consent to our use of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy, including the transfer of your information across international boundaries to jurisdictions anywhere in the world as permitted by applicable law, when you provide your personal information; (ii) we will use the standard contractual data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission, which provide safeguards for the transfer of such data, in connection with the provision of certain services that involve such transfers; and (iii) we may obtain separate consent in connection with the provision of certain services that involve the transfer of personal data. Our collection, use, sharing, and other processing of your personal information will at all times be governed by this privacy policy.
External Links
There are external links to other websites throughout the Site. Please note that LMA is not responsible for the privacy policies of those other websites and hereby disclaims any liability or responsibility in connection with such linked websites.
Privacy Policy Updates
Should any changes be made to this privacy policy, we will post them on this page with an appropriate explanation.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms
Using the LMA Site indicates your acceptance of our privacy policy. Your continued visits to the LMA Site after changes are posted to this policy will signify your acceptance of those changes.
LMA Contact Information
If you have questions, please contact us at:Legal Marketing Association330 N. Wabash Ave., Suite 2000Chicago, IL 60611Telephone: (312) 321-6898Fax: (312) 673-6894 Email: privacy@legalmarketing.orgEffective Date:   May 25, 2018
Back to Top
The Authority For Legal Marketing
Get To Know LMAAbout LMALMA LeadersRegions and Local GroupsMembership DirectoryLMA NewsGet Involved With LMAJoin LMALMA ConnectShared Interest GroupsUpcoming EventsGet Inspired By LMABody of KnowledgeLearning StoreYour Honor AwardsStrategiesJob Bank© 2020 Legal Marketing Association |
Login |
Contact Us |
Help |
Search |
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy×OKCancel