http://www.acm.org/publications/policies/roles-and-responsibilities#author%20representations
skip to main content
Digital Library
CACM
Queue
TechNews
Career Center
Advancing Computing as a Science & Profession
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search Input
Search Submit
Join
Volunteer
myACM
Search
About ACM
About Home
About ACM
Governance
ACM Council
Boards and Committees
Past Presidents
ACM Constitution
Bylaws
Annual Reports
History
Code of Ethics
Code of Ethics Enforcement Procedures
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
ACM in the News
Media Center
Contact Us
About ACM
ACM, the world's largest educational and scientific computing society, delivers resources that advance computing as a science and a profession. ACM provides the computing field's premier Digital Library and serves its members and the computing profession with leading-edge publications, conferences, and career resources.
[Learn More about ACM...]
ACM Regional Councils
ACM: Formed at the Dawn of Computing
ACM Celebrates #BlackHistoryMonth
Membership
Membership Home
About Membership
Membership Options
Membership Benefits
Ambassadors for ACM
People of ACM
ACM People in the News
Join
Renew
Subscribe
Manage your Account / myACM
Distinguished Speakers
Contact Us
ACM Membership
ACM offers the resources, access and tools to invent the future. No one has a larger global network of professional peers. No one has more exclusive content. No one presents more forward-looking events. Or confers more prestigious awards. Or provides a more comprehensive learning center.
[Learn More about ACM Membership...]
Customer Service FAQs
Become an Ambassador for ACM
Publications
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
About ACM Publications
For more than 60 years, the best and brightest minds in computing have come to ACM to meet, share ideas, publish their work and change the world. ACM's publications are among the most respected and highly cited in the field because of their longstanding focus on quality and their ability to attract pioneering thought leaders from both academia and industry.
[Learn More about ACM Publications...]
Publish with ACM
Select Application-Oriented Papers
Software and Data Artifacts in the ACM Digital Library
SIGs
Special Interest Groups Home
About SIGs
SIG Listing
Emerging Interest Groups
SIG Awards
SIG Chapters
Publications
Conferences
Join a SIG
Volunteer Resources
SIG Leaders
Contact Us
Special Interest Groups
ACM's Special Interest Groups (SIGs) represent major areas of computing, addressing the interests of technical communities that drive innovation. SIGs offer a wealth of conferences, publications and activities focused on specific computing sub-disciplines. They enable members to share expertise, discovery and best practices.
[Learn More about ACM's SIGs...]
Join an ACM SIG
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Conferences
Conferences Home
About Conferences
Conference Series
Upcoming Conferences
Get Conference Proceedings
Upcoming Submission Deadlines
ACM Author Rights & Permissions
Best Paper Awards
Volunteer Resources
Contact Us
ACM and its Special Interest Groups Host More Than 170 Events Worldwide
Our conferences, workshops and symposia unite innovators like you to push computing technology forward and to continue the legacy that unites us as like-minded thinkers and makers.
[Learn More about ACM Conferences...]
Find an ACM Conference
Virtual Conferences: A Guide to Best Practices
Chapters
Chapters Home
About Chapters
Professional Chapters
Student Chapters
Meetups
Newsletter
Calendar of Local Activities
Distinguished Speakers
Annual Reports
Find a Chapter
Start a Chapter
Chapter Policies
Chapter Administrative Interface
Contact Us
About ACM Chapters
ACM’s Professional and Student chapters worldwide serve as hubs of activity for ACM members and the computing community at large. They provide seminars, lectures, learning forums and networking opportunities with peers and experts across the computing spectrum.
[Learn More about ACM Chapters...]
Chapter-in-a-Box: Everything You Need to Run and Grow Your ACM Chapter
Chapter Administrative Interface
Start an ACM Chapter
Awards
Awards Home
About Awards
Award Recipients
ACM Fellows
ACM Advanced Member Grades
ACM Awards Committee
Nominate
Award Sponsors
Establish a New Award
Contact Us
About ACM Awards
ACM recognizes excellence through its eminent awards for technical and professional achievements and contributions in computer science and information technology. It also names as Fellows and Distinguished Members those members who, in addition to professional accomplishments, have made significant contributions to ACM's mission.
More on ACM Awards
Applications Now Open for Cutler-Bell Prize for High School Students
Team from Chinese/US Institutions Receives 2020 Gordon Bell Prize
First ACM Gordon Bell Special Prize for HPC-Based COVID-19 Research Awarded
Education
Education Home
About Education
Curricula Recommendations
Affiliated Organizations
ACM Learning Center
Resources for Educators
Resources for Graduating Students
Education Board and Advisory Committee
Reports and Studies
Contact Us
Education
ACM’s educational activities, conducted primarily through our Education Board and Advisory Committee, range from the K-12 space (CSTA) and two-year programs to undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral-level education, and professional development for computing practitioners at every stage of their career...
[Learn More about Education…]
Code Reviews – From Bottleneck to Superpower
It's Time Deep Learning Learned from Software Engineering
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Learning Center
Learning Center Home
About the Learning Center
E-Learning
Member Offers
TechTalks
ByteCast
Resources
FAQs
Practitioner Board
Professional Development Committee
About ACM Learning Center
The ACM Learning Center offers ACM members access to lifelong learning tools and resources. Our E-Learning collections offer complimentary access to more than 55,000 online books and videos from top content publishers. The ACM TechTalk series brings leading computing luminaries and visionaries to your screen. Members enjoy exclusive offers and discounts on IT industry certifications and vendor-specific training.
ACM ByteCast Episode 6: Robin Murphy
ACM ByteCast Episode 7: Swetak Patel
ACM ByteCast Ep8: Jennifer Widom
Public Policy
Public Policy Home
About ACM's Public Policy Work
Tech Policy Council
Europe Tech Policy
US Tech Policy
Policy Products
Media Releases
Contact Us
Public Policy
ACM provides independent, nonpartisan, and technology-neutral research and resources to policy leaders, stakeholders, and the public about public policy issues, drawn from the deep technical expertise of the computing community.
[Learn More about ACM's Public Policy Work...]
ACM Europe TPC Comments on UK National Data Strategy
USTPC Urges Narrower Definition of Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion Home
About Diversity & Inclusion
Stop Harassment
Report Unacceptable Behavior
Forming Diverse Teams
Words Matter
ACM Code of Ethics
ACM-W
ACM Future of Computing Academy
Contact Us
Diversity & Inclusion
Anyone, from any background, should feel encouraged to participate and contribute to ACM. ACM is committed to creating an environment that welcomes new ideas and perspectives, and where hostility or other antisocial behaviors are not tolerated.
[Learn More about ACM's Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion...]
Words Matter
How Diverse Is Your Team?
ACM Diversity and Inclusion Council Co-chairs
Publications Home
About Publications
Digital Library
CACM
Journals
Magazines
Books
Conference Proceedings
ICPS
SIGs Newsletters
Blue Diamond Newsletter
Applications-Oriented Content
For Authors
Master Article Templates
Open Access
Artifacts and Reproducibility
New ACM Journals
Propose New Publications
Policies
Report a Potential Violation
Publications Board
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact Us
Home
Publications
Policies
Roles and Responsibilities
Policy on Roles and Responsibilities in ACM Publishing
Updated September 2020
Introduction
Readers
Authors
Reviewers
Editors, Program Chairs and Committees
Inappropriate Content
Introduction
ACM recognizes that quality publishing is a team effort—not only must authors contribute, but so must editors, reviewers and professional staff. Together the ACM Council, the Publications Board, the Special Interest Groups, program chairs and committees, editors-in-chief and editorial boards aim to provide the framework that allows all constituencies to participate fairly and effectively. As part of this effort, ACM provides this document that summarizes the roles, rights and responsibilities of readers, authors, reviewers, and editors, program chairs and committees. Although this statement focuses on these four core groups, the importance of the professional staff is implicit throughout the document.
The following are fundamental principles of the ACM publications program:
The program exists to provide a service to the community
The content must be of high quality and meet ethical standards
The program must be financially stable and dissemination cost effective
Profits from the program will fund many of the good works of ACM
This document pertains to journals, transactions, magazines, conference proceedings, books, SIG newsletters, and other content published by ACM, referred here generically as publications. When particular rights and responsibilities are limited to some subset of ACM publications, that subset will be specifically noted. Note that some exceptions to this policy can occur. These exceptions are generally found in ACM's professionally-managed magazines and news services with special timeliness needs. However, the goal of these publications, as for ACM's other publications, is to provide the best in information services.
Readers
Readers consult articles in ACM publications because they value the reputation of these publications and find the information contained therein valuable and relevant.
Readers can expect ACM to
Distribute print periodicals according to the published schedule
Post articles in the Digital Library within three months of their delivery to ACM, independent of the scheduled print distribution date
Adhere to ethical standards in the peer-review process as performed by experts in the relevant fields
Ensure that articles are accurate and of high quality
Ensure that the electronic and printed version of an article match within the limits of the style guidelines of each format
Ensure that journals, transactions, and magazine articles are professionally copyedited
Ensure consistent formatting of articles in each publication
Make publications available at low cost to individual subscribers
Offer deeply discounted pricing to individuals in low income and lower income coutnries as defined by the World Bank List of Economies.
Ensure a high-quality, accessible publication platform with accurate and fast search and browsing capabilities, as well as the ability to download, share and print articles
And ACM expects readers to
Expect ACM publications policy relating to copyright, licensing, sharing, and reuse of works published in the ACM Digital Library to follow stated ACM policy, including policy on the use robots and crawlers, which negatively impact its performance.
Respect the copyright or license of the work
Authors
Authors submit their work to ACM because they value its reputation and its cost-effective publication facilities as a place to report their ideas (usually research) to the computing community. Authors rightfully expect ACM to facilitate this goal through a smooth and timely process of review and production. In return, ACM expects that authors submit works that are ready for publication and that authors be responsive to reasonable requests during the publication process. There are four crucial components in creating a quality publication where the author has both roles, rights and responsibilities in their interactions with ACM: See authorship, author representations, reviewing of the submission, processing of an accepted work, and dissemination.
Authorship
Authors should engage in the best in ethical practices regarding the content of their works. In particular, ACM expects authors to respect intellectual property rights of others in manuscripts submitted for publication by ACM. Additionally, authors should not republish any portion of their own work in a way that makes it appear as a completely new work. Finally, authors should expect ACM to seek redress for unethical use of their work in accordance with ACM plagiarism policy.
Author Representations
Authors submitting papers and articles for peer-review to ACM publications make the following representations:
That the work submitted is original, that the listed authors are the creators of the work, that each author is aware of the submission and that they are listed as an author, and that the paper is an honest representation of the underlying work.
That the work submitted is not currently under review at any other publication venue, and that it will not be submitted to another venue unless it has been rejected or withdrawn from this venue.
That the submitting authors have the rights and intent to publish the work in the venue to which it is submitted, if the work is accepted. For conference papers, this includes the expected ability and intent to have an author of the paper register for and attend the conference to present the paper, if required.
That any prior publications on which this work is based are documented appropriately in the manuscript and/or in a cover letter available to reviewers. This documentation includes providing an explanation of the incremental contribution of a journal paper that extends prior results published in a conference paper. (In cases of double-blind review, this information should be supplied to the editor or program chair only.)
In cases where an author feels a particular representation cannot be made but that submission is appropriate, the author should contact the editor or program chair prior to submission to discuss the situation and determine whether submission will be permitted.
ACM journals, magazines and conferences shall reference this policy in calls for papers and other solicitations of submissions. The reference to this policy should appear alongside other venue-specific policies. ACM journals, magazines and conferences are also encouraged to incorporate acknowledgement of these representations into the paper submission process.
Criteria for Authorship
Anyone listed as Author on an ACM manuscript submission must meet all the following criteria:
they have made substantial intellectual contributions to some components of the original work described in the manuscript; and
they have participated in drafting and/or revision of the manuscript and
They are aware the manuscript has been submitted for publication; and
They agree to be held accountable for any issues relating to correctness or integrity of the work
ACM requires that all published papers include the names and affiliations of all authors listed on the paper, as well as provide accurate contact information to ACM as required in the ACM rights contract. ACM does not allow anonymous authors, and any papers published in the ACM Digital Library without author names and affiliations may be retracted by ACM. ACM authors have published under actual pen names using “independent consultant” as the author's listed affiliation, but even under such circumstances ACM must be provided with contact information for such authors using a pen name, so that ACM will be able to reach all authors of published papers.
Other contributors may be acknowledged at the end of the paper, before the bibliography, with explicitly described roles, preferably using the roles found in the CASRAI Contributor Roles Taxonomy at http://casrai.org/CRediT.
Reviewing
When an author makes a submission, a confidential review process is initiated. The aim of the review process is to make an appropriate and timely decision on whether a submission should be published. Such decisions are based on proper review by well-qualified and impartial reviewers in accordance with standards of high-quality peer review.
Processing of Accepted Works
Once a submission has been accepted, authors can expect ACM to publish the work in a timely and professional manner. Authors can expect to have approval of changes to the work. In addition, ACM will strive to not cause authors to perform unnecessary work. However, authors do have a responsibility to work with ACM to complete the publication process.
Dissemination
Publication is only a part of the broader goal of disseminating ideas and results. Authors can expect ACM to contribute to this wider goal, and in particular to encourage dissemination in multiple forums.
Therefore, authors can expect ACM to
Follow the stated peer-review process for each publication
Protect the reputation of authors by seeking appropriate redress for the plagiarism of works they authored that were published under the ACM copyright or publishing license agreement options
Keep them informed on the status of their submission
Use impartial reviewers
Issue timely reviews and clear and specific feedback
Maintain confidentiality
Seek author approval of the final publication proofs
Provide reasonable time to review publication proofs
Not introduce errors in the production process
Add no material without the corresponding authors’ approval
Be financially responsible for its own internal preparation costs or offer an open access, author-pays option
Ensure publications metadata accuracy
Allow the posting of preprint versions of their work on their personal home page, on their institutional repository, and on noncommercial and legally mandated repositories, as outlined in ACM Author Rights
Allow metadata information, e.g., bibliographic, abstract, and keywords, for their individual work to be openly available
Allow authors the right to reuse their figures in their own subsequent publications for which they have granted ACM copyright or license
Provide statistics for each Publication on its average turn-around time and its current backlog of articles.
In turn, ACM expects authors to
Follow publication requirements and respond to related questions
Conference authors must agree to, and adhere to, policy stipulated in writing by the conference
Acknowledge ACM's contribution and not publish the same material in other venues except as permitted by ACM Author Rights and Publishing Policy.
Obtain appropriate permission for the reuse of content copyrighted by others as allowed by ACM Permissions Policy
When reusing portions of their own previously published work in a new manuscript, explicitly state within the text of the manuscript which portions were published elsewhere, and provide references
Follow ACM Policy on Authorship for those listed as authors; acknowledge others who contribute to the work as appropriate
Follow Publication submission requirements, e.g., topic areas, page limits, accurate citations, originality, cleared rights, designated contact, acknowledging contributions to work appropriately
Ensure formatting of submitted and accepted articles as per publication requirements and in a timely manner
Respond appropriately and in a timely manner to reviews
Respond positively to requests to act as referee for other papers
Submit their work to only one publication at a time as outlined by the ACM Prior Publication and Simultaneous Submissions Policy
Speak with one voice even if there are multiple authors
Ensure that whenever the authors or their employers provide a link to a personal copy, there is a link to the ACM definitive version with a DOI pointer
Ensure that all versions copyrighted or licensed by ACM bear the appropriate rights notice.
Reviewers
ACM recognizes that the quality of a refereed publication rests primarily on the impartial judgment of their volunteer reviewers.
Reviewers can expect ACM to
Maintain their anonymity in accordance with the ACM policy on reviewer anonymity
Ask them if they are willing to review before the submission is sent to them. The time frame for the review will accompany its request.
Provide guidelines, in accordance with stated journal policy, on what constitutes a reviewing conflict of interest
Request only reviews of submissions for which the editor feels they have expertise, and request only a limited number of reviews over the course of a year
Recognize the right to decline an invitation to review
Give a reasonable length of time for a review, where the particular length of time depends on the publication
Not routinely ask them to make up for delays introduced by other participants in the reviewing cycle
Only ask them to provide reviews for submissions that satisfy either stated publications requirements (e.g., page count restrictions) or which are appropriate for the publication
Acknowledge their efforts in the publication process, while maintaining confidentiality of the submissions they reviewed
If requested, inform them of the editorial decisions for the submission, including the author-visible portion of reviews
Inform them who will see their review
Recognize that reviewers own the copyright for their reviews.
And ACM expects reviewers to
Make known to the requesting editor any possible conflicts of interest
Review the submission by the agreed-upon deadline
Understand the charter, reviewing standards and procedures of the publication
Read the entire submission carefully, prepare the review with care, apply professional judgment, use appropriate language in a review, and fill out provided review forms in full
Adequately document in their review the reasons behind their recommendations
Review subsequent revisions of a submission that they initially reviewed, should the editor feel that is appropriate
Maintain the confidentiality of the existence and status of submissions of which the reviewer becomes aware
Not use results from submitted works in their works, research or grant proposals, unless and until that material appears in other publicly available formats, such as a technical report or as a published work
Not distribute a submission to anyone unless approved by the editor handling the submission
Maintain the anonymity of the other reviewers, should they become known to that reviewer.
Editors, Program Chairs and Program Committees
ACM recognizes that editing a publication is a major task performed by volunteers, and for some magazines, by professional staff. ACM seeks to provide editors and program chairs and committees with the support they need to effectively complete their task. In return, editors and program chairs and committees must be conscientious in managing the review process.
Editors and program chairs and committees can expect ACM to
Provide the clear and effective support of the publisher
Provide an administrative and software infrastructure that supports tracking submissions and administration of publications
Provide the training, documentation, and support needed to use the manuscript tracking systems provided by ACM effectively
Work with appropriate vendors to implement the confidentiality requirements stated in this document in any manuscript tracking system provided to editors and program committees by ACM
Have clear, written policies
Listen and respond in a timely manner when help or information is requested
Recognize that editors and program chairs determine content
Recognize that the editor-in-chief or program chair has final rights with regard to content
Recognize that the editor-in-chief or program chair appoints the editorial board
Recognize that an editor or program chair can propose changes to the publication's charter and process for publications
Specify the term of appointment for an editor or program chair of a publication. (ACM journal editors-in-chief are appointed to one three-year term and may be reappointed for a second term.)
Have effective appointment and reappointment processes for publications
Provide transition support and editor or program chair orientation for publications.
And ACM expects editors and program chairs and committees to
Inform the publisher in a timely manner of the status of all submissions
Understand and follow through on author rights, reviewer rights, and reader rights, and in particular to provide clear, timely and impartial feedback
Ask for assistance when needed
Be an advocate for their publication and to represent the ACM well
Manage the review process in a timely and appropriate manner
Responsibly cover all sides of important issues and not use the publication as a forum to further their own views and opinions
Recognize that the editor-in-chief or program chair has ultimate responsibility for the content of the publication
Maintain adequate records
Use volunteers effectively and fairly
Cooperate with the publisher on its goals of supporting the membership of the ACM and the computing profession in general
Implement with quality and appropriateness the charter of the publication
Engage in the training and study necessary to appropriately use, and to correctly configure, the manuscript tracking systems provided by ACM.
Inappropriate Content
ACM recognizes the critical role of the Editors-in-Chief and Program Committee Chairs as the content decision makers for their respective publications. This editorial freedom—and responsibility—is all-encompassing, and on occasion may involve ruling on editorial content (be it text, imagery, video, audio, etc.) that may violate the standards of our community.
Definition
While acknowledging the subjective nature of what constitutes indecency, or obscenity, or bad taste, ACM regards inappropriate content as material—images, video, audio, or text—that would present explicit/exploitive, obscene or degrading text, pictures, and/or illustrations related to sex, drugs, or alcohol.
ACM recognizes that these matters are often subjective in nature, and that the use of possibly inappropriate material should be judged both in the context of the Work itself, as well as the potential for such material to be considered inappropriate on a standalone basis. It may well be that the use of a particular instance of content is entirely appropriate when judged in the context of the Work in which it is presented, just as the opposite may be true.
Decision Making
Editors-in-Chief and Program Chairs are responsible for making editorial decisions regarding the inclusion or exclusion of content that may be deemed inappropriate. However, in instances where such content is approved for publication by Editors-in-Chief or Program Chairs, but which ACM Publications Staff believe fits the above definition for “inappropriate content,” ACM Publications Staff may ask Editors-in-Chief or Program Chairs to reconsider their initial decision. In such instances, Editors-in-Chief and Program Chairs should request advice and support from any or all of the following:
Reviewers. Typically, the first to view content submitted for consideration, reviewers should be encouraged to flag or call attention to content that may be considered offensive or disrespectful.
Authors. Editors and Program Chairs should reach out to authors of questionable material directly. Questions to ask:
Why is the material necessary to the paper?
How does this material help you prove the argument in your paper?
Are there other images, text, video you can use instead?
Perhaps provide suggestions for authors to tell the story in a manner that will be appreciated by all or clearly defining editorial guidelines.
Editorial Board Members / Advisory Board Members /Program Committee Members. Seek advice from a resource where different voices/perspectives prevail.
Actions and Appeal
In cases where the Editors-in-Chief or Program Chairs fail to respond to ACM Publications Staff or make a decision to publish the content without changes or modifications, ACM staff may appeal such decisions. Likewise, in cases where the Editors-in-Chief or Program Chairs decide to remove such content from an author’s Work without author consent, ACM authors may appeal such decisions.
Appeals shall be made directly to the ACM Publications Board, which shall be the final authority on such decisions. The ACM Publications Board may delegate this authority to a committee or to the Publications Board Chairs, either on a standing or case-by-case basis.
Mailing address:
ACM Director of Publications
Association for Computing Machinery
1601 Broadway, 10th Floor
New York, NY 10019-7434
Phone: +1-212-626-0659
Or via email:
scott.delman@hq.acm.org
Report a Potential Violation
If you believe one or more of ACM’s Publications Policies have been violated and you have credible evidence of such violation(s), you may report a potential violation as a claimant. Before you report a potential violation, please read ACM’s Publications Policies carefully.