http://www.rcdmastics.com/privacy-policy.html
RCD Corporation Website Privacy Policy
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using rcdmastics.com (“the Site”) operated by RCD Corporation (“us”, “we”, or “our”). By using the RCD Corporation website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
The Site may collect personally identifiable information such as your name. If you purchase RCD Corporation’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. RCD Corporation may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by the Site. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Site. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of the websites you choose to link to from the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy statements for websites outside of the RCD Corporation website.
Use of your Personal Information
The Site collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. We may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services from RCD Corporation and its affiliates, we may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new
services that may be offered.
RCD Corporation does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
We may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to RCD Corporation, and they are required to maintain confidentiality of your information. Our Site may track the websites and pages our users visit within the Site, in order to determine what Site services are the most popular. This data may be used to deliver customized content and advertising within the Site to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
RCD Corporation will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith and belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on RCD Corporation or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of RCD Corporation and the Site; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Site may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize a web page, or register with a site or services, a cookie helps to recall your specific information on subsequent visits, this simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Site page, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies through your internet browser. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Site.
Children Under Thirteen
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children using the Site that are 13 years old and younger. If you are 13 years old or younger you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. If you are 13 years old or younger and use the Site we must assume you have the permission of your parent or guardian to use the Site and they agree with the Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from RCD Corporation by contacting us here: info@rcdcorp.com
Changes to this Statement
RCD Corporation will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. RCD Corporation encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how RCD Corporation is protecting your information.
Contact Information
RCD Corporation welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. Phone: 352-589-0089
Effective as of March 15, 2015
Scroll to Top
PRODUCTSSee All Products#5 Ductliner Adhesive#6 Mastic#7 Mastic#8 Mastic#9 Mastic#10 Mastic#15 Weather Barrier Coating#20 Clear Sealant#34 Coil & Fin Cleaner#52 Spray AdhesiveGlasscoatRCD Mastic BrushesFin & Plenum BrushDoug, The Ductwork DetectiveRCD Headlight HatDUCT SEALINGWHERE TO SEAL AIR DUCTSHOW TO SEAL AIR DUCTSDUCT SEALING TIPSVIDEOSCONTRACTORCONTACTLOGIN