http://www.shakertown.com/privacy/
HOMES WITH CEDAR
Cedar Homes Showcase
See Before & After
CEDAR PRODUCTS
Craftsman Panel
Cedar Cove Shingles
Dolly Varden T&G
Fancy Cuts Shingle
New Tahoe Panel
Building Code Approvals
Panel Comparison
TECHNICAL RESOURCES
Tech Drawings
Tech Bulletins
Specifications
AIA CEU
LITERATURE
ABOUT US
Dealer Locator
Sales Team
Contact
Privacy Policy
Shakertown has adopted the following privacy policy for www.shakertown.com
Information Collection and Use
Shakertown is committed to protecting the privacy of its website viewers. We collect no personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to the website by filling out one of our online form submissions such as a newsletter subscription, product request, or request for more information through one of our registration forms. We collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through computer settings, most-recently visited URL, or through cookies (described below).
Under no circumstances will Shakertown sell personally identifying information to outside organizations, entities or companies without a user's consent.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Cookies
To make this site work properly and to better serve you, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too. Cookies are small text files that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site.
The following table lists the cookies this website currently uses, what they are used for and provides instructions for opting out of each service.
Cookie Type
Purpose and Use
How to Opt Out of This Service or Change Preference Settings
Technical/Required Cookies
Required cookies enable you to navigate through this site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas.
If you have opted to identify yourself to us, we may use cookies containing encrypted information to allow us to uniquely identify you. These cookies allow us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into this site and to process your online requests.
Some cookies are required to operate and use this website, so there is no option to opt out of these types of cookies.
Functionality Cookies
These types of cookies store useful information that improve the user's experience of a website. They are most commonly used for:
Storing login information so that a user does not need to re-login on every visit.
Remembering changes you have made to fonts, text size and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
You may opt out of functionality cookies using your browser. To learn how, click here. Note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when using this website.
Analytics Cookies
We use web analytics services which engage cookies to collect and aggregate information on how visitors use the site. We use reports from this data to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage.
You may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics cookies altogether here.
If you do not want us to collect your data on additional tracking services, you may opt out here.
Advertising/Targeting Cookies
We sometimes use cookies delivered by third-parties to track the performance of our advertisements.
We also may use third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information. Ad networks follow your online activities over time and across different sites or other online services by collecting website navigation information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use, such as a desktop or laptop computer, smartphone or tablet. We may use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other websites or mobile applications on any of your devices.
If you wish to not have this information collected and used for targeted advertising, click here to view a list of advertising partners that participate in the TRUSTe opt-out tool. (or if located in the European Union click here). If you wish to opt out from this type of advertising for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), you can do so by clicking here.
Please be aware that this does not disable ads being served to you. You will continue to receive generic ads but not ones that are shown to you based on targeting data derived from cookies.
Social Media Cookies
Social media third party services use cookies to allow us to track the actions people take on our website after viewing one of our advertisements on a social media network. Cookies may also be used to determine the ideal audience for our brand and show webpage visitors content we think they would like based off of the web pages they visit.
In order to enhance your Internet experience and to make the sharing of content easier, some of the pages on our website may contain tools or applications that are linked to third-party social media service providers such as Facebook or Twitter. Through these tools or applications, the social media service provider may set its own cookies on your device.
Check the social media service provider’s website for further details about how they use cookies and how you can set your preferences and manage these cookies.
Transparency and Access to Your Data
To request access to review data about you that Shakertown has collected and stored, please email us at Renee@shakertown.com
Consent to Privacy Statement
By continuing to use this site after having an opportunity to review this Privacy Policy, you have consented to the terms of the Privacy Policy, and Shakertown’s use of the information it collects as described at the point of collection or in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, you may not use this site.
Privacy Policy Updates
Any updates to Shakertown's privacy policy will be posted here at www.shakertown.com. Shakertown reserves the right to make modifications to it at any time without giving you prior notice. Please email questions or concerns to Renee@shakertown.com
This privacy policy was last reviewed on 12/20/2019.
1.800.426.8970
P.O. Box 400 1200 Kerron Street Winlock, WA 98596P. 360.785.3501F. 360.785.3076
© 2020 Shakertown 1992 Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy