https://www.caseman.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyelite2017-09-15T10:23:01+00:00
PRIVACY POLICY
Please Read These Terms of Use Carefully Before Using This Site
By using the Caseman.com and PelicanShippingCases.com websites (“Site” or “Sites”), you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you may not use the Site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these terms of use at any time without notice to you by posting revised Terms on our sites. Your use of our sites constitutes your binding acceptance of these Terms, including any modifications that we make.
We have the right, but not the obligation, to take any of the following actions in our sole discretion at any time and for any reason without giving you any prior notice :
Restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of our Services;
Change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of our Services;
Refuse, move, or remove any material that you submit to our sites for any reason;
Refuse, move, or remove any content that is available on our sites;
Deactivate or delete your accounts and all related information and files in your account;
Establish general practices and limits concerning use of our sites.
You agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for taking any of these actions.
Content on Our Site
Our site includes a combination of content that we create, that our partners create, and that our users create. All materials published on our sites, including, but not limited to, written content, photographs, graphics, images, illustrations, marks, logos, sound or video clips, and Flash animation, are protected by our copyrights or trademarks or those of our partners. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, or in any way exploit any of the materials or content on our sites in whole or in part.
You are solely responsible for all materials, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, that you upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available on our site (“Your Content”). You certify that you own all intellectual property rights in Your Content. You hereby grant us, our affiliates, and our partners a worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, nonexclusive, sublicensable license to use, reproduce, create derivative works of, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, transfer, transmit, distribute, and publish Your Content and subsequent versions of Your Content for the purposes of (i) displaying Your Content on our sites, (ii) distributing Your Content, either electronically or via other media, to users seeking to download or otherwise acquire it, and/or (iii) storing Your Content in a remote database accessible by end users, for a charge. This license shall apply to the distribution and the storage of Your Content in any form, medium, or technology now known or later develope.
We do not guarantee the accuracy, the integrity, or the quality of the content on our sites, and you may not rely on any of this content. Without limitation, we are not responsible for postings by users in the comments section of the weblog on our site. You may be exposed to content that you find offensive, indecent, or objectionable or that is inaccurate, and you bear all risks associated with using that content. We have the right, but not the obligation, to remove any content that may, in our sole discretion, violate these Terms or that is otherwise objectionable.
Third-party Sites, Products, and Services
Our site contains links to other Internet sites owned by third parties. Your use of each of those sites is subject to the conditions, if any, that each of those sites has posted. We have no control over sites that are not ours, and we are not responsible for any changes to or content on them. Our inclusion on our sites of any third-party content or a link to a third-party site is not an endorsement of that content or third-party site. Your correspondence or related activities with third parties, including payment transactions and goods-delivery transactions, are solely between you and that third party. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any of your transactions with third parties. Any questions, complaints, or claims related to any product or service should be directed to the appropriate vendor.
Privacy Policy
All of the information that we collect from you, such as registration and credit card information, is subject to our privacy policy.
Your Conduct on Our Sites
If we request registration information from you, you will provide us with true, accurate, current, and complete information.
Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that you will not use our sites to take any of the following actions:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal right of others;
Publish, post, upload, e-mail, distribute, or disseminate (collectively, “Transmit”) any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent, or unlawful content;
Transmit files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage or adversely affect the operation of another person’s computer, our sites, any software or hardware, or telecommunications equipment;
Advertise or offer to sell any goods or services for any commercial purpose unless you have our written consent to do so;
Transmit surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, spam, unsolicited advertising or promotional materials, or chain letters;
Download any file that you know or reasonably should know cannot be legally obtained in such manner;
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or the source of software or other material;
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying any public area within our sites;
Collect or store personal information about other end users;
Interfere with or disrupt our sites, servers, or networks;
Impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Nugent Properties Inc. representative, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
Forge headers or manipulate identifiers or other data in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through our sites or to manipulate your presence on our sites;
Take any action that imposes an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
Engage in any illegal activities.
Unauthorized access to our sites is a breach of these Terms and a violation of the law. You agree not to access our sites by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Caseman. for use in accessing our sites. Use of our sites is subject to existing laws and legal process. Nothing contained in these Terms shall limit our right to comply with governmental, court, and law-enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of our sites. Unauthorized access to our sites is a breach of these Terms and a violation of the law. You agree not to access our sites by any means other than through the interface that is provided by Caseman. for use in accessing our sites. Use of our sites is subject to existing laws and legal process. Nothing contained in these Terms shall limit our right to comply with governmental, court, and law-enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of our sites.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold Caseman and all of our officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, information providers, affiliates, partners, and licensors (collectively, “Caseman parties”) harmless from and against any and all liability, losses, costs, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by any Caseman Party in connection with any claim, including, but not limited to, claims for defamation, violation of rights of publicity and/or privacy, copyright infringement, or trademark infringement arising out of:
Your use of our sites;
The content, the quality, or the performance of content that you submit to our sites;
Your connection to our sites;
Your violation of these Terms; or
Your violation of the rights of any other person or entity. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
Disclaimer
THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE SUCH MATERIALS AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
We explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that link to or from this Site. We cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from this Site or third-party content on our sites. We do not endorse any of the merchandise, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of, any of the information contained in such third-party sites or content. We do not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and third-party content. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties.
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS SITE OR MATERIALS OR FUNCTIONS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU, IF ANY, OR $100 (WHICHEVER IS LESS) FOR ACCESSING OR PARTICIPATING IN ANY ACTIVITY RELATED TO THIS SITE.
Termination
These terms of use are effective until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these terms at any time by discontinuing use of this Site and destroying all materials obtained from any and all such sites and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under these terms of use or otherwise. We may immediately terminate these terms of use with respect to you (including your access to this Site) without cause and without notice to you in our sole discretion. Upon termination, you must cease use of this Site and destroy all materials obtained from such sites and all copies thereof, whether made under these terms of use or otherwise.
Miscellaneous
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of our sites or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. These Terms, including all terms, conditions, and policies that are incorporated into these terms by reference, constitute the entire agreement between you and Caseman.com and govern your use of our sites, superseding any prior agreements that you may have with us.
These Terms shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, with the exception of those choice of law provisions which may indicate to the contrary, and the parties irrevocably consent to bring any action to enforce these Terms before an arbitration panel or before a court of competent jurisdiction in San Diego, California if seeking interim or preliminary relief or enforcement of an arbitration award. If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder of the Terms shall continue in effect.
Privacy Policy
Overall Privacy Statement
We take your privacy seriously. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. These privacy practices apply to the Web site that you were viewing when you clicked through to this policy, which is operated directly by us.
1. What information do we collect? Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with the best and most useful content and services. Several of the services and features that we offer on our sites require you to provide us with information. We collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, postal address, and phone number when you provide it to us. We may also receive information about you from other sources and add it to the information you provided to us.
2. How do we use the information? We use the information we gather for four general purposes: To customize the content you see; To enhance the user experience in our sites. We use tracking information to determine how well each page performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages. This helps us continue to build a better service for you; To fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic communications to you; To send you information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
3. How do we share the information you provide? At present, we do not share any information provided by you with any third parties, with the exception of persons or entities who may provide various services to Caseman.com., including, without limitations, accountants, attorneys, information technology specialists, and other similar professional service providers. In no event will the information provided by you be given, sold, leased, licensed or otherwise transferred to third parties for the purpose of delivering, sending or providing to you any form of advertising or solicitation of goods or services by said third parties.
4. How will I know if the privacy policy is changed? Any modifications to our privacy practices will be reflected first on this page of our website. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy statement.
In business since 1993, we have developed unsurpassed knowledge about transit cases and foam packaging systems. We are serious about our work and proud of our expertise and product quality.
NAVIGATION
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Case Measuring Tips
Contact
About Us
CONTACT US
Address Effective 8/12/2019: 13125 Danielson Street, 106, Poway, CA 92064
PHONE: (858) 467-7900
EMAIL: info@caseman.com
GSA Contract # 	GS02F0028W
DUNS 839376332
Cage Code 1KJZ0
FOLLOW US
FacebookLinkedin
© Copyright 2017. Caseman Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home
About
Shop
Case Applications
Airline Tote
Attache & Catalogue
Biotech / Medical
Camera Cases
Computer / Laptop
LCD & Plasma Display
Military & Deployable Cases
Tool Cases
Tradeshow & Display
Waterproof & Packaging
Case Manufacturers
SKB
Pelican
Space Case Company
NANUK Cases
Seahorse Cases
Parker
Philly Case
Case Design Corp.
Flambeau
Blow Molded Products
Storm
Underwater Kinetic Cases
Caseman Aluminum
Rack Manufacturers
SKB
Space Case
Caseman Aluminum Series
Hardigg
Gator
Racks & Shockmounts
Rack Accessories
Rackmount Cases
Shockmount Cases
Audio Visual Racks
Custom Services
Custom Foam
Testing Capabilities
Case Constructions
Request a Quote
FAQ
Blog
Contact
Log In