http://www.tradeprint.co.uk/privacy
Privacy Policy
Last modified: 23 May 2018
It’s important to us that you trust how we handle your personal information. Please read our policy to discover what data we collect and why, how we use the information we collect and the choices you have. We’ve tried to keep it clear and concise, however if you do have any questions, please get in touch.
Having your personal information allows us to do many things. We can accept your order, process your payment and deliver your purchases. When you subscribe to our mailing list, you allow us to keep in touch with you so we can inform you of any developments we think would interest you, such as new product information. Through data collection, we can better understand your needs and preferences, so we can improve and serve you more effectively.
Our Data Protection Policy
1. We will not collect or store any of your, or your customers, personal information unless it is permitted or required by applicable law.
2. Any personal information we hold or process will be kept up-to-date, and destroyed as soon as the reason for its collection or processing has lapsed.
The Information We Collect
We collect information to provide, maintain, and improve our products and services. The data we collect can help us in simple ways, such as having a contact phone number to communicate an issue with your order, as well as more complex ways, such as helping us identify any difficulties when using our website, or helping us determine which new products our customers would like to buy from us. Below we have listed full details on the information we collect, why we collect it, and the ways we use it.
When you place an order with us, we collect personal information which allows us to process your purchase. We collect your name and address to identify you as a customer and deliver the item to you. We collect your email and telephone number to send you notifications on the status of your order, including any issues or delays with delivery, and we collect payment information to allow us to process your payment. We also retain your artwork to allow you to easily and quickly reorder items.
Where we have your permission, we will use your e-mail address to provide you with information on our products, services, promotions and special offers.
If you supply your email address, even if you do not place an order with us, we may pass your email to a third-party organisation, for example digital advertising networks such as Google and Facebook, to offer you the opportunity to purchase from us. Your email address will not be used for any other purpose and will not be held on file by ourselves or any third-parties after the reason for collecting it has lapsed.
We will at times monitor and record communications between you and our Customer Success Team (including telephone conversations and emails) for quality assurance and compliance purposes.
We also store personally identifiable information to ensure a fair use policy, for example to monitor one-time use discount codes.
We collect data on purchases made with us for marketing purposes, such as market analysis, customer segmenting, and conducting research on statistical and testing information. We use this data to provide custom content that you are likely to find more interesting.
Information that is made available to third parties outside the European Union and Switzerland, including Cimpress group companies, only if such recipients that have agreed to comply with standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data as included in the EU Commission Decision of 5 February 2010 (2010/87/EC) if they are in countries that do not have an adequate level of personal data protection.
Your Choices
You have the right to:
Access your information
Unsubscribe from our mailing list or withdraw any other type of consent
Request a copy of your personal information that we hold
Correct or update your information
Delete your personal information, or restrict how we use your information, unless we are legally obliged not to
Alter your personal information so you are not identifiable
Lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
For more information on these rights, or to exercise any of them, please contact our Data Protection Officer on dpo@tradeprint.co.uk.
You can exercise some of these rights, such as updating personal information, from the Account Settings section, in the My Account area.
Please note, after opting out you may still receive messaging from us that is not based on the data we hold. For example, if you follow our social media accounts, you will continue to receive post updates from us in your newsfeed. You may also continue to receive advertising from us on search engines through pay-per-click and display advertising, as these are not based on data we hold.
Third-Parties
We will never sell your details to any third-party organisations.
We will only pass personal data to a third-party organisation in the following situations:
To offer you the opportunity to purchase from us, for example digital advertising networks such as Google and Facebook.
To fulfil the delivery of products to you, for example courier companies.
To process credit or debit card payments, for example banking establishments.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that contain small pieces of information. They are stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone, and sent to your browser from our web server. Cookies are used by most websites to gather essential information to provide the user with the best experience.
Cookies ensure websites function as you expect them to: they identify which platform you’re using and display an optimised version of the website for that platform, they save your log in details, and they remember your language preferences.
Types of cookies
Our website uses three types of cookies:
Essential to site function cookies
These cookies allow you to browse the site, search for products and add items to the basket. They also remember your preferences, such as your log in details and language preferences. They are essential to ensure our website runs as you would expect.
Performance cookies
These cookies are used to collect anonymous information about how you use our website. They inform us of any error messages from web pages and allow us to improve our website.
Third-party cookies
These allow us to record the customer experience and to test new services so we can improve the customer journey on the website. This can also include on-page advertising from third-parties, where cookies tailor the advertising to your preferences.
How we use cookies
We use cookies in the following ways:
To gather information which allows us to identify your platform and record sales so we may improve customer experience and identify issues on the site.
To ensure you are provided with correct and useful information during your visit to our site.
To allow you to add items to the basket and proceed through our checkout.
To collect data which allows us to improve our services based on purchases and site usage.
For a full list of the types of cookies we use, please contact our Data Protection Officer, on dpo@tradeprint.co.uk.
More about cookies
More information on cookies and their uses can be found at www.allaboutcookies.org, or you can email our Customer Success Team on care@tradeprint.co.uk with any questions.
Security
The security of your transactions is extremely important to us. To prevent any details being seen by unauthorised persons, your transactions are protected throughout the payment process. We use a 128 bit SSL encryption to encrypt the information before it is sent to the payments processor.
Our website and emails will at times contain links to and from other websites in our networks, such as partners and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note they carry their own privacy policies, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We would recommend reading these policies before submitting any personal data to these websites.
Consent
Our Privacy Policy applies to all Tradeprint Distribution Limited’s websites.
Contact
If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy, or if the personal data we hold about you is not up to date, please contact our Data Protection Officer on dpo@tradeprint.co.uk.
If you have any feedback on our website, of if you have a complaint regarding an order, please email us at care@tradeprint.co.uk.
If you would like to make a complaint regarding our use of your personally identifiable information, we would appreciate if you could contact our Data Protection Officer on dpo@tradeprint.co.uk. Our DPO will endeavour to resolve any issues quickly and to your satisfaction. You also have the option to issue a complaint to the Information Commission Office (ICO) on +44 1625 545 700.
This Privacy Policy is provided by Tradeprint Distribution Limited, a registered company in England and Wales. Our company number is: 3302074. Our registered office address is: 6 Lloyds Avenue, Unit 4CL, London EC3N 3AX.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
SECURE PAYMENTS
©
TRADEPRINT. A CIMPRESS COMPANY
Site Map
©
TRADEPRINT. A CIMPRESS COMPANY
Site Map