http://www.aircraft-docking.com/legal-notice
Privacy Notice | Turner Access Aircraft Docking
Home
Aircraft Docking Solutions
Service
Previous Work
Contact
Call now
Email us
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Last updated on April 2018:Turner & Co (Glasgow) Limited and its subsidiary undertakings (Turner) are committed to safeguarding your privacy and ensuring that you continue to trust Turner with your personal data. When you interact with us, you may share personal information with us which allows identification of you as an individual (e.g. name, email address, address and telephone number). This is known as "personal data".This notice (Privacy Notice) sets out: Scope & AcceptancePersonal Data CollectedSensitive Personal DataWhy we collect personal data and how we use itSharing of personal dataYour rightsData Security & retentionHow to contact us1. Scope and acceptance of this Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice applies to the personal data that we collect about you for the purposes of providing you with our products and services we offer. By using Turner websites or through Turner branded pages or applications on third party social networks (e.g. Facebook) or by giving us your personal data, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to this Privacy Notice, please do not use Turner Sites or give us any personal data. Turner reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at any time. We encourage you to regularly review this Privacy Notice to make sure you are aware of any changes and how your personal data may be used, however, if changes relating to this Privacy Notice include any significantly different use of your personal data we will let you know and give you the option to agree to the new use2. Data collected by TurnerTurner may collect personal data about you from a variety of sources, including through: requests from our websites, email, phone calls or from visits to our sites/officessocial media and other digital channelstrade shows or visits to customer, supplier and sub-contractor sites. This includes business cards & LinkedIn detailsRFP/RFQ's, quotes, contracts, statement of works and other general business practicesnormal day to day activities where we regularly have interaction with employees, customers (existing & leads), suppliers (existing & potential) etc.direct marketing activities & other marketing analysis processescredit checks and other financial activities e.g. BACS payments, direct debit collections 2.1 Data that you provide to us directly This is data that you provide to us with your express permission for a specified purpose, including: Personal contact information, including any information allowing Turner to contact you in person (e.g. name, home or (e)mail address, and phone number);Demographic information, including date of birth, age, gender, location (e.g. post code, city and state and geo-location), favourite products etc.;Payment information, including to make purchases (e.g. credit card number, expiration date, billing address) or to collect payments for products and/or services supplied;Driver's license number and expiration date;Account login information, including any information that is required for you to establish a user account with Turner's (e.g. login ID/email, user name, password and security question/answer);Consumer feedback, including information that you share with Turner about your experience in using Turner products and/or services (e.g. your comments and suggestions, testimonials and other feedback related to Turner products and/or services);  2.2 Data that we collect when you interact with Turner web sites & social media channels We use some cookies within our websites to help make your experience interacting on our sites more personalised and effective. Please see our cookie policy for more detail here. We do use other tracking tools on our websites e.g Google Analytics, however, these tools do not collect any of your personal data. 3. Special Category data Generally Turner does not knowingly solicit or collect Special Category data. If Turner discovers that it has accidentally collected Special Category data, it will remove that personal data from its records as soon as reasonably possible or if you are asked to supply any sensitive personal data either via an on-line channel or direct from a Turner employee or affiliate please contact us at datacompliance@turner.co.uk. 4. Why Turner collects personal data and how it uses it Turner collects and uses personal data only as necessary for the purposes for which it was obtained. Turner may use your personal data for some or all of the following purposes: Orders - to effectively deal with any sales inquiries or information about our products or services; to effectively deliver our products & services; and to inform you about the status of your orders;Account maintenance - to create and maintain your accounts with us, including administering any consumer loyalty or rewards programs that are associated with your account.Customer Service - to provide you with customer service, including responses to your inquiries, complaints and general feedback about our products. Customer service may be provided through various forms of communication, including via email, letter & telephone.Customer Engagement - to get you more actively engaged with our products and services. This may involve the use or publication of consumer-generated content.Marketing communications - to provide you with marketing communications to receive information about Turners, its products and/or services, and promotions. These can be shared via electronic means (e.g. SMS, emails and online advertising) and via post.CCTV footage - as part of our general security and Health & Safety activitiesBuilding entry card records - as part of our general security and Health & Safety activities. Turner will ensure that all personal data that we collect will be covered by a specific lawful basis to enable the processing of any personal data, as set out by the ICO. These will be: ConsentContractLegal ObligationsLegitimate Interest e.g. our Marketing activities If you require further information around any of these lawful bases more detail can be found on the ICO website here. 5. Sharing of personal data by Turner Turner will never share or sell your personal data with any third party that intends to use it for direct marketing purposes, unless you have provided specific consent in relation to this. Turner may share your personal data with third parties for other purposes, but only in the following circumstances: 5.1 Group CompaniesTurner may provide your personal data to its related companies for legitimate business purposes.5.2 Sub-Contractors Turner may engage agents or contractors to provide services on its behalf, including administering services & Turner Sites available to you. These third parties may come to access or otherwise process your personal data in the course of providing these services. Turner requires such third parties to comply with all relevant data protection laws and security requirements in relation to your personal data, usually by way of a written agreement.5.3 Legal requirements and business transfer Turner may disclose your personal data if it is required to do so by law or if, in Turners good faith judgment, such legal disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes or respond to any claims. 5.4 Transferring of Data outside the EEA We do not routinely transfer or store any personal data outside of the EEA. In certain circumstances we may securely transfer data to our Turner Engine Control Systems satellite offices in the Middle East to enable the effective delivery of products & services. 6. Your rights 6.1 Right to opt-out of marketing communications You have the right to opt-out of receiving marketing communications about Turners and can do so by: (a) following the instructions for opt-out in the relevant marketing communication; (b) if you have an account with Turner, you may have the option to change your opt-in/opt-out preferences under the relevant edit-account section of the account; or (c) contact your relevant account or customer service team within the specific Turner company by email, telephone or post Please note that even if you opt-out from receiving marketing communications, you may still receive administrative communications from Turners, such as order confirmations and notifications about your account activities (e.g. account confirmations). 6.2 Access and rectification You have a right to request access to your personal data. You may send us a request for access. You also have the right to request that Turner correct any inaccuracies in your personal data. If you have an account with Turner for a Turner Site, this can usually be done through the appropriate "your account" or "your profile" section(s) on the Turner's Site (if available). Otherwise, you can send us a request to rectify your data. You also have the right to be forgotten if there is no longer a lawful reason for Turners to hold your data. All requests can be sent to datacompliance@turner.co.uk.7. Data security and retention 7.1 Data security In order to keep your personal data secure, Turner has implemented a number of security measures, including: Secure operating environments - Turner stores your data in secure operating environments and only accessible to Turner employees, agents and contractors on a need-to-know basis. Turner also follows generally accepted industry standards in this respect and is accredited to Cyber Essentials+.Encryption for payment information - Turner uses industry-standard encryption to provide protection for sensitive financial information, such as credit card information sent over the Internet (e.g. when you make payments through Turner online stores). 7.2 Retention Turners will only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the stated purpose, taking into account our need to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new services, and comply with legal requirements under applicable laws.This means that we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period after your last interaction with us. When the personal data that we collect is no longer required in this way, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner. If you require further information around retention periods that we follow, please contact us datacompliance@turner.co.uk. 8. Contact us Turner acts as "data controller" for the personal data it processes in the framework of this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Notice or Turner personal data collection practices, please contact us at datacompliance@turner.co.uk , or in writing to Group QHSE Manager, Turner & Co (Glasgow) Ltd, 65 Craigton Road, Glasgow, G51 3EQ
Privacy Statement Your use of this website is subject to these Conditions of Use, which you are deemed to accept by using the site. In these Conditions, any references to 'Turner Group' shall mean Turner & Co. (Glasgow) Limited, its divisions, subsidiaries, affiliated and associated companies.None of the content of this web page may be copied or otherwise incorporated into or stored in any other website, electronic retrieval system, publication or other work in any form (whether hard copy, electronic or other) including framing of this site or any part of it.Turner Group has used reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information in this website, but makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of the information provided. Turner Group shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this website, or from your reliance on any information provided at this website.The documents and information available on this website are provided as a service only and are not the official versions of Turner Group's disclosure documents as required by any applicable securities, financial services, company law or any other legal requirements. In addition, website content may not always be the most current source for company information.Internet software or transmission problems could produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of various documents when downloaded and displayed on a user's computer.The information and documents available on this website are not intended to provide legal or financial advice to any user. As a convenience, this website may provide links or references to other sites. Turner Group make no representations, warranties or assurances as to any information in such sites and has no responsibility for their content, accuracy, currency or completeness and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from that content, accuracy, currency or completeness.The sender of communications to this website or to Turner Group by electronic mail shall be responsible for the content and information contained therein, including its truthfulness and accuracy.Any communications sent to this website or to Turner Group by electronic mail are on a non-confidential basis and Turner Group are under no obligation to refrain from reproducing, publishing or otherwise using them in any way or for any purpose.Links to this website may not be included in any other website without Turner Group's written permission. These Conditions of Use may be amended by Turner Group from time to time. Your use of the website following such changes constitutes your acceptance of these changes.
Useful Links Turner GroupTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Notice
Contact Us 65 Craigton Road, Glasgow, G51 3EQTel: +44 (0) 141 309 5555
Follow Us
Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Share by: