http://www.synergetic.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Grid Connect, Inc. has a firm commitment to privacy and exercises precaution when maintaining the confidentiality of its customers.
The following statement explains our data collection practices through our website and related products and services, and how that data is used. Please read these terms carefully to fully understand the collection and use of personal information. Grid Connect maintains the right to change its privacy policy as needed. The most current policy will always be linked on the site and available for customers’ reference.
Collection of Personal Information:
A user is able to browse the Grid Connect website without providing any personal information. Personal information is obtained only when the user has provided and therefore acknowledges the use of their information. A customer is able to withdraw their consent for use and collection of personal data at any time by contacting marketing@gridconnect.com.
What Information is Collected
Personal data that may be collected by Grid Connect and third-party processors include, but are not limited to:
Name
E-mail
Phone number
Mailing/ billing Address
Payment information
IP address of the computer being used at the time of the visit (see Cookie Policy)
When Information is Collected
Instances where the user may provide personal information include, but are not limited to:
Creating and maintaining a user account
Creating an order or purchase
Requesting a quote for products or services
Requesting support through online chat or email
Participating in a survey, contest, promotion, or other site features
Registering products
Subscribing to e-mail, blog, or newsletter notifications
Consent to the use of cookies (see Cookie Policy)
Use of Personal Information:
We use the information collected to enhance and personalize the user’s experience on our site. By collecting personal information, we are able to offer products or services based on customer preferences as well as being able to maintain a user-friendly system. With an account, a user is able to view previous orders and access saved shipping and/or billing information, allowing for quicker transactions. When requesting a quote for products or services, the information obtained is used to provide the best options and information for the customer’s needs.
Customer information will not be shared with outside parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Information provided by the customer will only be used for the purpose the information was provided.
Grid Connect holds the right to release user information in compliance with the law or when it concerns the protection of others’ rights, property, or safety.
Please contact us with any questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Data Processors:
Grid Connect uses services of third-parties to process personal data for the use of customer service, marketing, website management, and social media platforms. Information collected by third-parties has been collected with user consent. Third-party processors will only process data when exclusively requested by Grid Connect and are not permitted to use the data for their own purposes.
The website may contain links to other online websites, services or software where personal data may be collected. Grid Connect is not responsible for the privacy policies and data collection of other companies. Please review policies of any third-party providers.
Please contact us with any questions or concerns regarding third-party data processors.
Security Policy
Grid Connect, Inc. is dedicated to keeping your information private. We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the protection of user information. All information obtained on the Grid Connect website is done through secure servers with firewall protections and encrypted content. We are fully PCI compliant and all transactions are conducted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) servers to ensure that your shopping has been made safe.
Please contact us with any questions or concerns regarding the security policy.
Cookie Policy
The following statement explains our data collection practices through our website with the aid of cookies and how that data is used. Please read these terms carefully to fully understand the collection and use of personal information. The user must approve or decline the use of cookies upon their first visit to the Grid Connect website.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files stored on the hard drive of a user’s computer, tablet, or other electronic device during a visit to a webpage. Cookies are used to recognize specific computers or users when visiting a webpage. Cookies cannot read personal data off a user’s hard drive or read cookie files created by other websites.
All cookies have different retention periods and depends on the use and information collected. Most cookies will be removed from your browser once the visit is terminated, others will remain valid for repeat visits.
Types of Cookies Used:
Functional Cookies
GridConnect.com facilitates the use of cookies for website functionality and to enhance the customer experience. The data retrieved by cookies is information a user provides, including actions on the website such as placing products into their cart.
Users must have cookies enabled and consent to use in order to browse and search for products, add to user’s shopping cart, or to create/log into an account. Users maintain the right to withdraw their consent for use of cookies at any time.
Analytical Cookies
Analytical cookies are used to record the use and functionality of the Grid Connect website. With this information, we are able to monitor and analyze visitors access and navigation through the site providing us with information for improvement.
Social Cookies
Grid Connect provides social media buttons to access and share on various social media platforms. Social media providers use cookies for user accessibility and analysis. Grid Connect is not responsible for cookies used by social media providers. Please review policies of any third-party providers.
Tracking Cookies
Grid Connect requests permission to use cookies upon first visiting our site. With user consent, we are able to collect information such as electronic device, browser type, partial IP addresses, and the page seen when first accessing the site as well as user navigation through the site. Information collected through tracking cookies is not linked to a user name, email, or profile and is used only to analyze user preferences for the benefit of website improvements and customer experience.
Refusal of Cookies:
All users maintain the right to refuse the use of cookies or withdraw a previously given consent. To manage cookie settings a user will need to access their browser’s settings and change their desired preferences. Cookies will be placed on individual computers/devices and settings will need to be adjusted within each browser.
Please note that refusal and/or removal of cookies can impact functionality of our website.
Please contact us with any questions or concerns regarding the Cookie Policy.
Support
We have the best technical support engineers that know how to use our products. If our Tech Support cannot solve your problem, we will contact the design engineer or manufacturer to help find a resolution.
Submit a Ticket
Products
Can
CAN FD
PC Interfaces
PC/104 & PCI/104 CARDS
Couplers & Converters
I/O Modules
Routers & Gateways
Diagnostics
Software
Cables & Connectors & Terminators
CAN Training
Wireless
Smart Devices
Adapters & Device Servers
Bridges/WAP
Chips & Modules & Kits
Wi-Fi Antennas & Cables
Serial
Industrial Protocols
PROFIBUS
Modbus / Modbus TCP
PROFINET
EtherNet/IP
CANOpen
DeviceNet
EtherCat
Data Highway
LoRa
IO-Link
Ethernet
Adapters
Bridges
Switches
Power Over Ethernet
IP Intercom
Speakers & Call Stations
IP Intercom Software
Sensors & Controllers
Components/Chips
Wired Modules
Chips
Wireless Modules
Development Kits
Protocols
Services
Custom/OEM Product Engineering
Complete Development Partner
Manufacturers
AKCP
ATC
Chiyu
Contemporary Controls
CSS Electronics
Deutschmann Automation
Digital Acoustics LLC
emotas embedded communication
Equustek Solutions Inc.
Espressif Inc.
Grid Connect Inc.
Lantronix
MB connect line GmbH
PEAK-System
Procentec
Profichip
RAK Wireless Technology Co., Ltd.
Schildknecht AG
TEConcept
Zcomax Technologies, Inc.
Support
Contact Us
Account
Log In
Register
Request A Quote