https://www.ruthschris.com/your-privacy/
Privacy Policy - Ruth's Chris Steak House
Skip to Main Content
privacy policy
At Ruth’s Chris Steak House, we value the trust that our guests place in us. We are committed to protecting the personal privacy of everyone who visits our website and our restaurants.
This privacy policy, which was updated on June 30, 2020, describes the privacy practices of www.RuthsChris.com.
This policy, along with the Terms and Conditions, governs our collection and use of your information, and your choices about this use.
Data We Collect
We collect information about our customers and visitors to our website in order to provide the services you request, to improve our website, to enhance our understanding of our customers and our business operations, and to market our services and measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
The categories of Personal Information we collect include:
Information You Provide
We may collect personally identifiable information directly from you (such as name, address, telephone number, email address, device location, transaction information, credit card information and date of birth), when you:
• Dine at one of our restaurants, or a restaurant operated by one of our franchisees
• Make a reservation to dine at one of our restaurants, or a restaurant operated by one of our franchisees
• Create an account at www.RuthsChris.com
• Receive a gift certificate
• Inquire about our services
• Sign up to receive emails from us
• Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
• Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
• Pay a deposit in advance of an event or special occasion, such as a wine dinner.
Information that is collected automatically
When you visit our website, we will also collect information automatically regarding your use of the website, including the IP address for the computer you are using, device ID, and the pages you visit within our website.
We may combine the information you provide and the information we collect during your visit to our website with data collected in person at one of our restaurants, or a restaurant operated by one of our franchisees, and with data from other third parties, including publicly available data, in order to better personalize your experience with our website and at our restaurants.
We contract with a third-party fraud prevention service to identify suspicious or fraudulent activity and combat identify theft.
This service uses personal information collected about you on our website, including contact details (such as email address, postal address, phone number and user login); information about your device (such as your IP address, session ID, mobile/desktop device properties, and metadata); transaction information (such as information about items you’ve purchased on our website, currency codes, billing method, and partial credit card information); and website communication information (such as feedback, messaging, reviews or images you provide through our website).
This data may only be used by our service provider for the specific business purpose of protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
Cookies and other technology
This page utilizes cookies, which are small data files stored by your web browser on your computer.
Cookies enable us to enhance and personalize your online experience, and permit us to remember you when you return to our web site, to deliver personalized marketing, and to better understand the way you use our website.
Our website uses Google Analytics to analyze visits to our site and to help us improve our site and improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, including by personalizing advertisements you may be shown as your browse the web.
To learn more about Google Analytics and your choices, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. We may contract with other parties who use cookies or other online tracking tools such as beacons or pixel tags to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf, including email marketing, or to place advertising on our behalf across the internet.
We may also contract with third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.
These advertising companies will use cookies or pixel tags to collect anonymous information about your visits to our website and your interactions with products and services, and may use this information and information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements.
These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit.
While www.ruthscrhris.com is not designed to recognize a web browser’s “do not track” setting, you may opt-out of receiving this kind of behavioral advertising by clicking here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
You may delete or disable cookies using the settings on your internet browser.
However, our website is optimized to use cookies, so deleting or rejecting cookies may interfere with features of our website or other websites you visit.
How we use the data we collect
We use the data we collect from you for the following purposes:
• To provide you with information you have requested
• To process your reservation requests
• To provide you with services you have purchased, including gift cards
• To personalize your experience on our website and our communications with you
• To improve your experience at our restaurants or at restaurants operated by our franchisees
• To provide you with relevant and personalized marketing
• To measure and understand the way you use our website
How Data may be shared
We contract with others to provide certain services, including web hosting, online reservation services, email distribution, market research, third party advertising, promotions management, payment processing and fraud prevention and detection services.
These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes.
Some restaurants operating under the Ruth’s Chris brand are operated by franchisees, under an agreement with us.
We may share information with these franchisees in order to facilitate a consistent Ruth’s Chris Steakhouse experience.
If you dine or make a reservation at a Ruth’s Chris Steakhouse operated by a franchisee and sign up to receive emails or if you sign up to receive emails through the email sign up page (https://www.ruthschris.com/registration) and your preferred location is a franchise location, we will provide your email address to the franchisee for that purpose.
Ruth’s Chris franchisees are required by contract to adhere to confidentiality safeguards, and may not use your personal information to promote products or services unrelated to Ruth’s Chris Steakhouses.
We reserve the right to share information we have collected under this policy with corporate affiliates; in connection with a sale or purchase of business assets; where necessary to protect Ruth’s Chris or Ruth’s Hospitality Group, Inc.; or as required by law.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
If you would like to correct information you have provided to us, including updating your address or telephone number, please contact us at contact.ruthschris.com
As described above, we may share personal information, such as your name, email address and preferred dining location, with a franchisee operating a restaurant under the Ruth’s Chris brand.
This franchisee may use this information to send you commercial messages and promotions relating to Ruth’s Chris Steakhouses, including emails (if you have signed up for email).
Other than franchisees, we do not share your personal information with any third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
As described in the section on cookies, you may opt-out of receiving personalized behavioral advertising, including retargeting, by clicking here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Our use of Email
You may sign up to receive emails from us by clicking here and providing your email address, or by indicating your desire to be on our email mailing list when making a reservation or when paying for a meal at one of our restaurants.
We use email to confirm your reservation and to follow up regarding your dining experience.
If you have signed up to receive emails from us, we will send you commercial and promotional emails advising you of menu changes, promotions, or other information we believe may be of interest to you.
If you make a reservation at a restaurant operated by a franchisee, and elect to receive emails, or if you sign up to receive emails on our registration form and your preferred location is a franchise location, we will provide your email address to the franchisee, who may send you commercial and promotional emails relating to Ruth’s Chris Steakhouses.
You may choose to stop receiving email promotions and offers from us at any time by following the link provided in each email.
Children
We do not knowingly collect information about children under 16 years of age.
California Privacy Notice / Your California Privacy Rights
This section describes the ways we collect, use and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
The term “Personal Information” in this section refers to that term as defined in California Civil Code Sec. 1798, and means information that identifies, relates to ,describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
“Personal Information” does not include publicly available information from government records, information about job applicants, employees and other of our personnel, or information that has been deidentified, aggregated or anonymized.
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and how to exercise them.
• You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you:
o The categories of personal information we collected about you.
o The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
o The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
o Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling any personal information.
o The purposes for which the categories of personal information we collected will be used.
o The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
o If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose; and, if so, any categories of personal information that were sold or disclosed, and the categories of any third parties to whom personal information was sold or disclosed.
Please note, we do not sell personal information businesses or third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, and have not done so in the previous 12 months.
• You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
o We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
o Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you.
o Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
o Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
o Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
o Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
o Enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
o Comply with a legal obligation.
o Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable request to us by calling us at 407-333-7440, or by clicking on the following link: www.ruthschris.com/ccpa-form/.
Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. However, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a 12-month period, without charge. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days). We will deliver our response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt. The response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
• Deny you goods or services.
• Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
• Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
• Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy in the future.  Please check back for changes to this policy
Contact Us
1030 W. Canton Ave. Suite 100, Winter Park, FL 32789 | comments@rhgi.com | 407-333-7440
Let’s Stay in Touch
Keep up with what’s happening at Ruth’s Chris, from exclusive events to new menu items and more.
Sign Up for Email
You are now leaving the Ruth's Chris website and navigating to a third party website that is not owned, operated, or controlled by Ruth's Chris or any of its affiliates.
OK
Cancel
Back to Top