http://www.tph.ca/privacy-policy
Business Printing Solutions
Now Hiring!
Order and upload with TPH Direct
Register
Privacy and Policy Notice
Privacy statement · Last updated · September 6, 2018
This privacy statement applies to the website of:
The Printing House Limited
1403 Bathurst Street
Toronto, Ontario
M5R 3H8
Phone: 416-536-6113
Email: customercare@tph.ca
Introduction
The Printing House™ (TPH®) values the trust our users and customers place in us when they give us access to their personal data. The Privacy Policy describes how we work to maintain that trust and protect that information.
In particular, this Privacy Policy details our collection, use and disclosure of personal and non-personal data you give to TPH when you access or use TPH’s online and/or mobile services and websites, and software provided by TPH on or in connection with such services or websites.
The scope of TPH’s privacy policy
This Privacy Policy covers only data that we collect through the Site, and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, the data collection practices of any affiliate or other third party, including any third-party operators of web pages to which the Site links, and any information that we collect offline or through any websites, products, or services that do not display a direct link to this Privacy Policy.
Occasionally, we may refer to this Privacy Policy in notices on the Site, including special purpose web pages, mobile applications, or other resources, for example, if we invite you to submit ideas to improve the Site. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by us through such special purpose resources, as modified in the particular notice (e.g., with respect to the types of data collected or our uses or disclosures of such information). TPH may amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
Changes to the privacy policy
Please review the “Last Updated” title at the top of this page to determine when this Privacy Policy was last amended. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the “Last Updated” date indicated above. By using the Site or providing information to us following such changes, you will have accepted the amended Privacy Policy. If TPH is going to use Personal Data collected through the Site in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, then TPH will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on TPH’s Site for 30 days prior to such use or by other means as required by law.
Information collected
www.tphdirect.ca is an Entrust Secure Site
Our Commitment to Privacy at The Printing House (TPH). Your privacy is important to us. Our commitment is to safeguard and protect the information and documents you share with us. While using this site, you accept and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
When you browse through any website certain information about you and/or your company can be collected. TPH collects and temporarily stores the following information about your visit:
The date and time of your visit.
The browser and version used during your visit.
The operating system of your computer, e.g.: Windows, Macintosh, Linux.
The pages you visited and length of stay.
The address of the web site that may have referred you to TPH.
The name of the domain and IP address you used to access the site.
TPH does not share this information and it is used solely to better help us understand and improve the Internet experience of our visitors.
TPH Direct™ information collected:
Additional information may be collected when you register yourself for “TPH Direct”, our secure on-line order submission site. As a new user you are asked to provide contact information or personal information that will be saved in your user profile. TPH uses this information only to fulfill your order and contact you should a problem arise. TPH does not share this information with anyone. TPH Direct files are stored securely and automatically deleted after 45 days unless we are specifically requested to store or immediately delete these files. All TPH employees must sign and agree to the terms and conditions of the TPH Confidentiality Agreement prior to employment. Should your documents require additional security measure please contact your TPH Manager prior to submitting these documents. TPH periodically reviews this Privacy Policy and reserves the right, at its sole discretion to make modifications, alterations or updates to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please periodically check this Privacy Policy for any modifications, alterations or updates.
Cookie Policy
By using or accessing The Printing House’s websites (“Site”), you are consenting to The Printing House’s use of Cookies as outlined below.
For the purposes of this Cookie Policy, “TPH” or “we” means The Printing House Limited.
By continuing to use our site and services, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this privacy policy. If you do not accept the use of cookies and similar technologies, do not use this site.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website’s server. Each cookie is unique to your web browser. It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique iden\tifier and the site name and some digits and numbers.
Most websites you visit use cookies to improve your user experience by allowing the website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’).
Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (‘first party cookies’) or they may be set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing (‘third party cookies’).
What do cookies do ?
Cookies have lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and improving your experience of a website. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. If a website doesn’t use cookies, it will think you are a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site, for example, even after you “log in,” if you move to another page it won’t recognize you and it won’t be able to keep you logged in.
How does TPH use cookies?
Like most websites, we use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience, for analytics and for marketing, but specifically we use Cookies on the Site for the following purposes:
Category of Use
Description
Security
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, for example: to authenticate TPH Direct users, prevent fraudulent use of login credentials, and protect Customer data from unauthorized parties.
Preferences
When you are signed in to your account, cookies help us display the correct information and personalize your experience, by providing you with features, insights, and customized content. They can also help you fill out forms more easily, e.g., RFI forms. Loss of the information stored in a preference cookie may make the Site experience less functional, but should not prevent it from working.
Session State
We collect information about how our Users and Customer use and interact with the Site. This may include the pages Customers visit most often and when and where Customers get error messages. We use these “session state cookies” to help us improve our Site and Services.
Blocking or deleting these cookies will not prevent the Site from working.
Analytics
These cookies help us learn how our Site performs in different locations.
We use cookies to understand and improve our Services and features.
Managing cookies in your browser
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. You can easily delete and manage any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser by following the instructions provided by your particular browser manufacturer.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Mobile
Opera
Opera Mobile
If your browser is not listed here, consult the documentation that your particular browser manufacturer provides. You may also consult your mobile device documentation for information on how to disable cookies on your mobile device. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this Site. Please note that if you have not cleared your cookies or cache, the contents of which may affect autofill functions on the TPH site and you are responsible for any such actions.
What third-party cookies does TPH use?
TPH uses the AdWords and Remarketing Lists features of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers. TPH and Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our Site. This means that vendors including Google will display TPH promotional material on other sites you visit across the Internet.
Trusted partners and analytics companies like Google Analytics may also place cookies on your device. Please read our partners' privacy policies (linked below) to ensure that you're comfortable with how they use cookies.
We’ve also provided the links to opt out of their services if you’d like to do so.
Google
Analytics Google Analytics Opt-out
Google Optimize
What should you do if you don’t want cookies to be set ?
Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their computer or mobile device to be intrusive, particularly when this information is stored and used by a third party without them knowing. Although cookies are generally quite harmless, you may not, for example, want to see advertising that has been targeted to your interests using your browser history. If you prefer, you may choose to block some or all cookies, or even to delete cookies that have already been set; but you should be aware that you might lose some functions of the website.
If you want to restrict or block the cookies that are set by our Site, or any other site, you can do so through your browser setting. The ‘Help’ function in your browser should explain how. Alternatively, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will find general information about cookies and details on how to delete cookies from your machine.
To opt-out of third-parties collecting any data regarding your interaction on our Site, please refer to their websites for further information.
Changes To Our Cookie Policy?
From time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this cookie policy. We suggest that you check here periodically for any changes.
Download the TPH Privacy Policy