https://www.bitc.ie/privacy-cookies/
Privacy & Cookies
Toggle navigation
menu
Newsroom
Events
Podcast
Resources
Contact Us
Members Area
Sign up to Newsletter
OK
About Us
Who we are
Who we work with
What is CSR
Our Board
Management Team
Our Sustainability
CSR & Sustainability Careers
Membership
Join the Network
Our Members
Business Impact Map
Irish Business Response to Covid19
The Business Case for CSR
Sustainable Development Goals
Business Working Responsibly mark
About The Mark
Certified Companies
Benefits
The Leaders’ Group
About The Leaders’ Group
The Low Carbon Pledge
The Inclusive Employer
Worker of the Future
Business Action Programmes
Business Action on Education
Are you a Business?
Are you a School?
Success Stories
Business Action on Employment
Are you a Business?
Are you a Jobseeker?
Are you a Referral Agency?
Success Stories
Members Area
Newsroom
Resources
Events
Sign up to Newsletter
Contact Us
Privacy & Cookies
Business in the Community Ireland respects your right to privacy and complies with our obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. Naturally, if you are not happy with this Website Privacy Policy, you should not use this website.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these websites.
Please download a copy of our privacy policy.
Types of information collected
We retain two types of information:
Personal data
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you. Such data includes your name, company/organisation name and email address and is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us. This also includes you signing up to our online newsletter.
Non-personal data
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This non-personal data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
Purposes for which we hold your information.
Non-personal data:
We use the non-personal data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.
Personal data
We will process any personal data you provide to us for the following purposes:
(a) to provide you with information you have required eg our online newsletter
(b) to respond to any communications you might send to us
Disclosure of information to third parties
We may provide non-personal data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of users, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include partners, clients or potential clients.
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure. We will disclose your personal data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Sale of business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your personal data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company. We would do so provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of the Website Privacy Policy and provided that the third party only uses your personal data for the purposes that you provided it to us. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Security
The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
Updating, verifying and deleting personal data
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002 we will update or delete your personal data accordingly. To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email us at info@bitc.ie.
Changes to the Website Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Website Privacy Policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use personal data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer. The information contained in a cookie is set by a website and can be used by that website on each visit.
First Party Cookies we set
Here is a list of cookies which we set:
SN4accb396c1e09 – This cookie is used by our website to keep track of visitor sessions.
Third Party Cookies
Youtube – we have some Youtube videos embedded on the site. Youtube may set cookies to track usage or remember preferences.
Google Analytics (cookies named _utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz) – Google Analytics helps us gather information about how people use our site. This information recorded is anonymous and includes the number of visitors to the site, where they navigated from and what pages they visited. This information enables us to improve our site.
How to manage cookies
For more about cookies and how to manage them visit aboutcookies.org by clicking here
If you choose to visit this site and use this site, your visit and use and any dispute arising therefrom in respect of privacy, is subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms and Conditions of use including the limitations and the exclusions expressed and included therein.
This policy was updated May 2018.
Business in the Community Ireland
3rd Floor Phibsborough Tower
Phibsborough Road
Dublin 7
D07 XH2D
CHY No. 13968
Business in the Community is a company limited by guarantee
+353 1 874 7232
info@bitc.ie
Sign up to our Newsletter...
Stay up to date with the latest news in Corporate Social Responsibility with our monthly newsletter Sustainable Business News.
Sign up to Newsletter
Sitemap
Privacy & Cookies
Accessibility Statement
Governance & Finance
Contact Us