http://www.fibtimer.com/about/privacy_policy.asp
Subscribe to Our Free Newsletter
HOME
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE
Strategy Information
Subscriber's
Q & A
Pro
Timer Strategy
Conservative
Strategies SmallCap
Fund Timing
Bond
Fund Timing
Gold
Fund Timing
Sector
Fund Timing
U.S.
Dollar Fund Timing
ETF
& Stock Timing
Stock
Market Timing
Testimonials
Subscriber Reports
WEEKLY COMMENTS
Editor
's Report
ACTIVE STRATEGIES
Sector
Fund Timer
SmallCap
Timer
Gold
Timer
CONSERVATIVE
Conserv.
S&P Timer
International Fund Timer
Conserv.
REIT Timer
Diversified
Timing Port.
AGGRESSIVE
Bull & Bear
Timer
ETF
Timer
Bond
Timer
U.S.
Dollar Fund Timer
Stock
Timer
About Us
Subscriber Support
Email
Policy
Terms
of Use
Privacy Policy
Prior
Commentaries
Editor's
Blog
Site
Map
Subscriptions
Free
Two Week Trial
Free
Timing Newsletter
Fibtimer.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
1. Information Fibtimer.com gathers and tracks
Fibtimer.com uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with
our servers, and to administer our Web site. Fibtimer.com gathers
two types of information about users: data that users provide through
optional, voluntary registration, such as requesting subscription
to our market timing newsletter or filling out a user's survey form,
and aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page
views throughout our sites. Such information enables us to better
tailor our market timing content to reader's needs and to help our
advertisers better understand the demographics of our audience.
Our site offers free emailed market timing newsletters. Subscription
requires users to give us only their email address. Our paid market
timing services send emailed newsletters that require a fully paid
subscription and are only available to fully paid subscribers. Users
may unsubscribe to any of our electronic newsletters at any time
by following the instructions contained at the end of every market
timing newsletter.
Email addresses sent to Fibtimer.com are never used for any purpose
other than what the person sending them requested. They are not
sold or shared with any other website, list, or service for any
reason.
2. Fibtimer.com - Links to Other Websites
This site contains links to other sites. Fibtimer.com is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
3. Fibtimer.com - Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums or message boards, available
to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed
in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise
caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
4. Fibtimer.com - Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your
hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information
such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited.
But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information
you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk
or read cookie files created by other sites.
5. Fibtimer.com - Use of the information
Fibtimer.com uses any information voluntarily given by our users
to enhance their experience in our network of sites, whether to
provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to
better prepare future market timing content based on the interests
of our users.
As stated above, Fibtimer.com uses information that users voluntarily
provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable
users to participate in polls and message boards. We send out market
timing newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule and occasionally
send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly
interested in something we are doing. Fibtimer.com never shares
market timing newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including
advertisers or partners.
When we use tracking information to determine which areas of our
sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas,
Fibtimer.com does not track what individual users read, but rather
how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build
a better market timing service for you.
Fibtimer.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and
traffic patterns for advertisers and partners. This allows our advertisers
to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements
that are pertinent to their needs. Because Fibtimer.com doesn't
track the usage patterns of individual users, an advertiser will
never know that a specific user clicked their ad.
6. Fibtimer.com - Sharing of the information
Fibtimer.com uses the above described information to tailor our
content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand
our audience's demographics. This is essential to keeping our service
free. We do not share information about individual users with any
third party, except in the case of some contests, and then, only
with a user's express consent.
Fibtimer.com does not control the practices of our advertisers.
If you have questions about how one of our advertisers uses information
about you when you click their ad and go to their content, please
contact them directly.
7. Fibtimer.com - Delete/deactivate policy
Users may unsubscribe to any of our electronic market timing newsletters
at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of
every newsletter.
8. Fibtimer.com - Contact
Fibtimer.com is fully owned by Market Timing Strategies, Inc., a
Virginia Corporation.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices
of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Contacting
Fibtimer:
Market Timing Strategies, Inc.
Fibtimer.com
PO Box 7654
Pueblo, Colorado 81007
Email:
support@fibtimer.com     ** best way to contact us
is by email
Top of the page
----   Home   |  Login  |  Subscribe   |  Contact Us  |  Free Newsletter  |  Site Map   ----
S&P Market Timing | OTC Market Timing | Bond Market Timing | Sector Fund Timing | Conservative S&P Market Timing
Small Cap Market Timing | Index Fund Timing | Gold Fund Timing | ETF Market Timing | Stock Timing
© Copyright
Market Timing Strategies Inc All Rights Reserved
Design by LightMix