https://www.clarksol.com/privacy-policy/
800-253-2497
sales@clarksol.com
0 Items
Search for:
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER
CLARK PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy last modified October 2013.
The Tyler Co., Inc., dba Clark Solutions (“Clark Solutions”, “Clark” or “we”) is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you share with us. Clark Solutions has established this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we may collect from you on the publicly available portion of clarksol.com (the “Site”) and how we may use and share that information. Please take a moment to review the terms of our Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to accept the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. This Privacy Policy applies only to information that we collect on the Site and does not apply to information which we may collect by other means or through other websites.
Website Security You can shop at Clarksol.com with confidence. Our website does not store your credit card information, and the transmission of your information is done securely from your computer to our website via a 128bit SSL connection.
We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers. The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
Information We May Collect Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home, business, or other physical address, a phone number, and an email address. In general, we only collect Personal Information from our Site users in connection with inquiries about our products and services through the “Contact Us” page. Of course, if you send us an email in connection with an inquiry, we may also store the Personal Information provided in connection with that inquiry.
How We May Use Your Information If you provide us with Personal Information, we may retain and use that information for several purposes, including facilitating your inquiry or request. For example, we may use your Personal Information in order to respond to your questions or requests for information about Clark Solutions. We may also use Personal Information to ensure compliance with our policies and applicable law. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Site or the services provided by Clark Solutions, such as service announcements, e-mails related to your account, or similar administrative or transactional messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
With Whom We May Share Your Information We may sometimes use other businesses to perform certain services for us, such as maintaining the Site and our e-mail services and processing inquiries. We may provide Personal Information to those businesses when that information is necessary for them to complete a requested transaction or otherwise perform their duties. Clark Solutions will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on Clark Solutions’ behalf. Clark Solutions will not sell or share your Personal Information with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. In the event that Clark Solutions or all of its assets are acquired, customer information would be one of the transferred assets. We reserve the right to disclose visitor information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We also reserve the right to disclose visitor information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Aggregate Information From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Site, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. We collect this information through the use of “cookies” and other tracking technologies, which are discussed in greater detail below. We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the Site are most popular and to enhance the Site for visitors. We may group this information into aggregate visitor data in order to describe the use of the Site to our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advertisers, or other third parties, or in response to a government request. However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Site.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Some of our web pages utilize “cookies” and other tracking technologies. A cookie is a small text file that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. For example, we may use cookies to collect information about website activity. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. However, please be aware that some features of the Site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on the Site. Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our Site is accessed. It is not our practice to link the information we record using tracking technologies to any Personal Information you submit while on the Site. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses and other tracking technologies to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Site’s policies, to protect the Site, our customers, or others, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
Links to Other Sites; Public Venues Please be aware that when you are on the Site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control via hyperlinks. These other websites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data, or solicit Personal Information. The privacy policies of these other sites may be significantly different from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your Personal Information collected there.
Security The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to Clark Solutions employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Account If you create an account on the Site, you will be asked to choose a password for your account, in which case your online account information shall be protected by your password. We recommend that you do not disclose your password to any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. If you have registered for an account, you may view and update your account information at any time by logging into your account.
Children’s Privacy This Site is not intended for use by children under 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database
Changes to Our Privacy Policy The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage of the Site for a reasonable period of time after such changes are made that this Privacy Policy has been updated and by changing the “Last Modified” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Governing Law Clark Solutions makes no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other country. Visitors who use the Site and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using our Site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.
Contacting Us If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at sales@clarksol.com or at our contact information below: Clark Solutions 10 Brent Drive Hudson, MA 01749 Tel 978-568-3400 Toll-free 800-253-2497
P: 978-568-3400
P: 800-253-2497
E: sales@clarksol.com
Additional Links Careers
Video
Forms
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Resources
Technical Bulletins
Connect with Us
Clark Solutions
Clark Solutions participates in the US Federal Contractor Registration System for Award Management (SAM) Registration.
© 2017 Clark Solution | 10 Brent Drive, Hudson, MA 01749 | P: 800-253-2497 | sales@clarksol.com |
CONTACT US
CONTACT US
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Submit