http://www.hakubaku.com/terms-of-use/
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Range of Use
Unless otherwise indicated, Hakubaku Co. Ltd and its affiliates own all the contents on the Website  (hereinafter referred to as the “Contents”), and have the right to publish them. The Contents (images, sounds, and texts, etc) may be freely viewed; however, using the Contents (including copying, distribution, modification, making available to public, reuse, or transmission, etc.) is prohibited in any manner for any purpose without a prior written consent of the Hakubaku Co. Ltd. Please be aware that, if you use the Contents without our permission, it may be infringement of copyright, trademark law, right of publicity, or privacy, etc
Disclaimer
The materials on Hakubaku Co. Ltd. web site are provided “as is”. Hakubaku Co. Ltd. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Hakubaku Co. Ltd. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Hakubaku Co. Ltd. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Hakubaku Co. Ltd. Internet site, even if Hakubaku Co. Ltd. or a Hakubaku Co. Ltd. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Hakubaku Co. Ltd. web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Hakubaku Co. Ltd. does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Hakubaku Co. Ltd. may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Hakubaku Co. Ltd. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Hakubaku Co. Ltd. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Hakubaku Co. Ltd. of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Hakubaku Co. Ltd. may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Governing Law
Any claim relating to Hakubaku Co. Ltd. web site shall be governed by the laws of Japan without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Additionally, Tokyo District Court shall be the exclusive jurisdictional court of first instance for conflict resolution procedure regarding the Web site
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Any issues or concerns about this website content please contact us here.