https://www.lavazza.com/en/about-us/company/cookie-policy.html
MENU
About Us
Company
Cookie Policy
Personal Area
Account
Orders
Wish list
Promotions
Your coffee machines
Exit
Cookie Policy
Updated April 2020
1. FOREWORD
Pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation EU 679/2016 on personal data protection (hereinafter, the “Regulation” or “GDPR”), Luigi Lavazza S.p.A., in its capacity as personal data Controller, wishes to inform you that this website uses “cookies” and similar technologies in order to improve your experience on its Websites (including mobile versions) and Apps, and to recognize you during your next visit. Cookies and similar technologies can perform certain functions and personalise content. We ask you to read this Cookie Policy, where we provide all the information concerning the use of such technologies.
2. WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are short strings of text that are automatically downloaded onto the user’s browser or other device, with its consent (where required) when browsing our Websites, including mobile versions, or when using our Apps. This allows us, on each next visit, to keep track of each user's choices and thus offer a more efficient and customized experience.
Some cookies collect information to protect our Website; other cookies provide information to help us improve its performance; others are used to customise content. Every cookie performs a specific action, and based on the function and purpose of use they can be divided into technical, aggregate analysis, and profiling cookies.
As you navigate this Website, you can either install “first party” or “third party” cookies. The term “first part cookies” means cookies that are installed and managed personally by the Data Controller, whereas “third party” cookies are installed by third parties.
For any question concerning the protection of your Personal Data, you may contact our Group DPO by writing to: PrivacyDPO@lavazza.com
3. TECHNICAL, ANALYTICS, AND FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
The cookies described in this section are sent directly from this Website and can be either first-party or third-party. These cookies are installed for the purposes detailed for the various categories of cookies listed below:
Technical Cookies _ These cookies are installed in order to optimise and improve our Website or to enhance its functions and performance. This type of cookies is used, for instance, to save users’ preferences for the use of cookies on the Website. Technical cookies are not used for any other purpose and can be managed by Lavazza or by third parties.
These categories of cookies can be used without the prior and express consent of the user. These cookies are enabled automatically.
Analytics Cookies _ This category includes “performance or analytics cookies”. These are cookies that collect information on the number of users that visit a website and on the most visited website's pages/sections (for example, from what pages we receive reports of problems). These cookies provide information to the Controller on how its websites/apps perform, and can be used with the consent of the user.
Functionality Cookies _ These cookies allow users to navigate on a website in accordance to selected criteria (e.g., language, text characters, type of browser) in order to improve the service offered, and can be used with the consent of the user.
4. PROFILING COOKIES
Profiling cookies store information on users’ preferences during their navigation and are installed to create user profiles, so as to provide targeted services or content, show content or offer commercial initiatives based on the sections in our websites that showed most relevant for users and their interests.
Profiling cookies can be used with the consent of the user. Consent is acquired through a banner, displayed on the user’s first visit, by clicking on “Manage your preferences”.
5. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Our Websites and Apps also use technologies that are similar to cookies, known as “tagging” technologies; these allow us to understand what content appears most interesting to our users and whether a particular offer may be of interest.
The information acquired through tagging technologies can be used, with the consent of the user, to show the products and commercial offers that are most relevant to their preferences. Consent is acquired through a banner, displayed on the user’s first visit, by clicking on “Manage your preferences”.
6. THIRD-PARTY COOKIES AND SOCIAL MEDIA BUTTONS
Third-party cookies are installed by third-party website, outside the Website where a user is navigating, in order to provide targeted services or content.
This Website also uses social media buttons – meaning digital buttons (or icons) we use to provide a direct connection to our social media pages (e.g., Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter) or for user authentication or registration (e.g., Google, Amazon, Facebook) - which can install third-party cookies, that is cookies from the social media networks they refer to.
Third-party cookies can only be used with the prior consent of the user, which is obtained via the banner, as detailed above. Users can revoke their consent at any time, by disabling cookies following the steps detailed in paragraph “How to Manage Cookies” below.
7. COOKIE DURATIONS
Cookies may be:
·       Temporary or session cookies: they are used to store temporary information and to connect actions performed during a specific session, and are removed from the user’s computer once the browser is closed.
·       Permanent or persistent cookies: they are used to store information such as name and access password, so that users do not need to enter this information every time they visit a particular website. These cookies are permanently stored in the users’ computers after they close their browser.
Duration depends on the expiry set at the time of cookie installation. To know the duration of each single cookie, you can refer to our cookie manager section, which also reports the name, category, and purposes of each cookie.
8. HOW TO MANAGE COOKIES
Users may set their cookie preferences
a.       through our Website, in the cookie manager section - which allows users to select the type of cookies (including cookies from third-party partners) that can be installed, go through the list of cookies and similar technologies used in the Website, remove them
b.       from their browser and, prevent, for example, non-partner third parties from installing cookies.  In this case, the procedures to manage permissions to cookie installation and remove cookies vary according to the browser used. You can find more information on how to manage cookies on your browser at: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Edge .
In case of services provided by (non-partner) third parties, users can also exercise their right to object to tracking, using the information provided in the Privacy Policies of said third parties.
9. RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS AND HOW TO EXERCISE DATA SUBJECTS’ RIGHTS
Data Subjects can exercise the rights afforded under the applicable privacy regulations, as per Articles 15-22 of the GDPR. For any information / request concerning the processing of your personal data and to exercise any of the rights under Articles 15-22 of the GDPR, you can contact our Group DPO at PrivacyDPO@lavazza.com
***
This Cookie Policy may be amended from time to time. This may be the case, for instance, when it is required to meet new sector regulations, to update or provide new services, or when new technologies are implemented.  Users are therefore invited to read this Cookie Policy frequently to check on any updates or changes.
SUSTAINABILITY
Our commitment
The Foundation
Sustainability Report
ABOUT US
Work With Us
Become a supplier
Company
Nuvola
Training Center
Innovation Centre
Media Centre
HELP
Contacts
LEGAL NOTES
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Company Info
COOKIES SETTINGS
© 2017 LUIGI LAVAZZA SPA, All rights reserved - VAT no. 00470550013 BUSINESS REGISTRY no. 257143, share capital €25 million paid in full