http://www.davincilabs.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Free shipping within the U.S.   COVID-19: Learn about the extra steps we're taking.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWe value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so, or you authorize us to do so.
Information Collection and Use:
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information. The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process. You can always opt out of this at any time.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact and financial information. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary, such as a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to website visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, that information is protected both online and offline. When the user enters sensitive information into a registration or order form, that information is encrypted and protected.
If you have any questions about the security of our website, please send an email to info@davincilabs.com or contact us through our Contact Us page.Questions?Our team is here to help: Contact Us ›
Copyright © 2019–present DaVinci Laboratories of Vermont. All rights reserved.