https://www.cardsmadeeasy.com/terms.php#environment
Large Order? Get a Custom Quote!
Login or Register  |  Forgotten Password?
Business Cards »
Build a Business CardCustomise your printing& material options.
Affordable100 cards for £3.99.Restrictions apply.
PremiumGloss, recycled & matt materials.From £10.25.
LuxuryExtra thick materials.From £15.49.
FoldedDouble the printable area.From £24.75.
Raised InkExpert thermographic printing.From £96.84.
Round Corners6mm radius curved edges.From £17.80.
Metallic FoilGold & silver finishes.From £121.64.
LaminatedGloss & matt lamination.From £16.24.
Double SidedPrinted on 2 sides.From £18.55.
PlasticNew generation of synthetic paper.From £15.49.
ExpressSame/next day UK delivery.From £32.25.
Other Products »
Compliment SlipsFrom £22.29.
LetterheadsFrom £80.45.
BookmarksFrom £20.99.
InvitationsFrom £30.95.
A5 | A6
PostcardsFrom £34.29.
A5 | A6
Greeting CardsFrom £12.39.
Labels / StickersFrom £16.70.
PostersFrom £10.15.
Presentation FoldersFrom £51.99.
LeafletsFrom £28.95.
A4 | A5 | A6 | DL
FlyersFrom £19.29.
A4 | A5 | A6
Special Offers
Blog
Support »
Get in TouchOur friendly customerservice team are here to help.
Delivery InformationAll you need to know aboutour delivery service.
FAQAnswers to commonquestions our customers ask us.
Terms & Conditions
1 Ordering and Cancelling Product
Print Evolved Ltd t/a Cards Made Easy of Registered Office: Units 45-50, 10 Hornsey Street, London, N7 8EL. Registered in England and Wales. Co. No. 03483147
We, Cards Made Easy ("we" or "us" or "our") will supply to ("you" or "your"), the person named in the order form completed on this web site (the "Order"), the personalised product made to your individual specification (the "Product") at the address shown on the Order.
You order through our web site by completing the order and checking that all the information including personalised design for your Product and all costs and quantities set out in the Order is to your satisfaction.
You acknowledge that by completing and submitting the Order to us "unapproved order" for purchase by providing us your credit/debit card details, you have reviewed the information provided, understand the rights and respective limitations and you wish to make an offer to purchase the Product on the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, terms and condition in your order/enquiries inconsistent therewith shall be of no effect.
We will check the "unapproved order" and send you a confirmation of the approval of the order "approved order".
We reserve the right to decline any "unapproved order" without giving any reason.
We reserve the right to decline any "unapproved order" or "approved order" if it breaches the terms and conditions laid out (in this document or on any special offers).
You warrant and undertake to us that any intellectual property rights incorporated in the information and design for your Product does not infringe any intellectual property or other rights of any third party, is not of an illegal or libellous nature, and we have the right to use the information and design that you have given to us for the purpose of this Agreement. You will indemnify us in respect of any claim relating thereto (including all reasonable legal expenses).
We intend to supply you with your product "approved order" at the email address given in the order whether or not you actually receive confirmation of the approval of the order, sending of the order approval confirmation "approved order" will also enter you into a legally binding agreement with us.
You can cancel an "unapproved order". You cannot cancel an "approved order".
2 Refunds
If after receiving your proof and before your order has been approved to print, you wish to cancel your order, a 15% surcharge will apply.
Once your proof has been approved, cancellation of your order is not possible.Refunds will take 10 working days to reach your account.
3 Description of the Product
The main characteristics of the Product are described on our web site as notified to you during the interactive design stage of your Product prior to submitting the Order. Your completed and submitted Order "unapproved order" indicates that you have reviewed and satisfied yourself in respect of the main characteristics of the Product including the design and layout and the correct spelling of any names and words, correct colours used, and correct details of any postal address, telephone, fax and/or e-mail details.
Under certain circumstances we will send you an ELECTRONIC PROOF of the product. We expect you to check that all detail on this proof in terms of layout, text content and spelling is correct and as per your requirements.
Once you have responded back to us saying you are happy with and accept the proof, we will we approve your order (as in point 1) and use the proof to print the product.
WARNING : If you accept the proof and there are any mistakes (spelling, incorrect content or layout), we will not be liable for the mistakes in the printed product that we supply you, as also stated in point 6.
4 Price
The price payable for the Product is the price as is set outin identical terms in both the "approved Order" and the Invoice (the "Price").
5 Payment Terms
5.1 You must pay us the Price for the Product by using one of the payment methods made available on the Order.
5.2 When selecting to pay the Price by credit or debit card, we will debit the Price to your credit or debit card on order approval confirmation making an "approved order".
6 Delivery
We aim to dispatch the Product to you within the agreed delivery period from order approval confirmation making an "approved order".
We will deliver the Product to the shipping address registered in your account details and on the order. An additional charge may be incurred if delivery has to be made to an address different from the shipping address.
If the shipping address supplied by you is incorrect or a delivery attempt was unsuccessful and the order is returned to us we will charge an administration fee of £1+VAT on top of the postage that will be incurred to redispatch the item. We will email you if your order is returned to us requesting the full reposting fee.
If the fee is not paid within 1 month of our email then your order will be destroyed and you will be required to place a new order.
If you have not received the delivery within 15 working days after the delivery period (or 20 working days if delivery outside of the UK), please inform us. We will try and resolve the non delivery and keep you informed.
We will not be responsible for any loss of trade or profit occurring to you as a result of delay in delivery or delivery of incorrect or faulty Product.
We will not be responsible for any loss of trade or profit occurring to you as a result of the Product getting lost in transit. We will reprint the lost items once the delivery company confirms they have lost the delivery.
Risk in the Product passes to you on delivery of the Product to you.
7 Acceptance of Product
In the event of the product being faulty, please contact us within 10 days from the date of receipt of the product. If you have cause for complaint please contact us immediately. We will attempt to resolve the dispute within five working days and to keep you informed of progress if the dispute remains unresolved. We are not responsible for any text or composition errors you may have made or any errors described inÂ  Point 2 of this agreement. If you are in any doubt we would recommend purchasing a small order to start for a trial.
Variations in quantity - Every endeavour will be made to deliver the correct quantity ordered, but estimates are conditional upon margins for 10 percent.
Variations in cut size - The cut size will be whatever you have specified for the product subject to a variation of 1.5mm in width and height.
Full colour printing - Every effort will be made to obtain the best possible colour reproduction on customer's work but because of the nature of the processes involved, we shall not be required to guarantee an exact match in colour or texture between the (customer's photograph, transparency, other samples, monitor display - local or over the internet) and the printed Product, or between different sets of printed products (e.g two sets of business cards or between a set of business cards and letterheads).
Look and Feel - Depending on your screen size and resolution, the designs may appear bigger or smaller on screen than the actual printed version of the design, but elements of the design (card/compliment slip/letterhead/envelope/etc) will print in the same proportions as they appear on screen, in respect to the size of elements and also the spacing between elements, elements being text and logo's. There is a 1.66% quality acceptance level which means that a Product is deemed to be of an acceptable level of quality if any detail deviates by less than or equal to this level.
All text elements will print with specified characteristics as displayed on screen (i.e. with correct font/bold/italic/position).
All Logo elements will print as displayed on screen in terms of relative position and size. The quality of the printed logo will depend on the quality of the logo you provide (i.e upload). The higher the dpi of the logo, the better the end result.
If you use our online desiger, please ensure that you have the Adobe Flash installed as our software may not be compatible with another vendor.
8 Remedies and Liabilities
8.1 Nothing in this Agreement will affect your legal rights as a consumer.
8.2 We accept liability for damage that arises from the Product proving defective while in use as a result of the negligence of a person concerned in the printing or distribution of the Product or breach of the implied undertaking as to ownership of the Product.
8.3 We accept liability for death or personal injury caused to you as a result of our negligence or the negligence of our employees.
8.4 In all other cases not described in Clauses 8.2 to 8.3 our total liability to you (whether in contract, tort, including negligence, or otherwise) will not at any time exceed in aggregate either the sum of £50 or an amount equal to the price paid by you and the costs of returning the product to us, whichever is the highest.
8.5 This Clause 8 survives termination of this Agreement for any reason.
9 Privacy
Print Evolved Limited t/a CardsMadeEasy ("We", "Us") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy and any other documents referred to set out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. Any dispute which may arise over privacy will be subject to this policy, the data protection notice (if any) incorporated into this website and the provisions of English law for the purpose of this policy.
The data controller is Print Evolved Limited, 45-50, 10 Hornsey Street, London N7 8EL
9.1 Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.printevolved.co.uk. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material to our site or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence but will not use that information anything other than answering your request, unless explicit consent is otherwise given. Once your request has been completed we shall ensure proper disposal of your information.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data, and the resources that you access will only be stored and used with your consent.
9.2 IP Addresses And Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service.
They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
9.2.1 Turning cookies off in your browser
Most browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can usually refuse cookies or selectively accept certain cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you do not want us to use cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to tell you when a website tries to put cookies on your computer.
However, if you turn off cookies, there may be some features of our site that will not be available to you and some Web pages may not display properly.
9.3 Uses Made Of The Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
We may also use your data to provide you with information about goods and services that may be of interest to you and we may contact you about these by post, email or telephone
9.4 Disclosure Of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Print Evolved Limited, our customers, or others.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
9.5 Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data, please note that some processing of data is required to fulfil contractual obligations We may have with you, for instance banking information and local address is required for both the purchase and delivery of products.
You now have the right to have your personal data deleted from all our services which may hold your information. Please note that some personal information may be retained in the task of not complying with a request from you, for instance: should you choose not to receive marketing information, we may hold some identifying information on you so we may comply with your request. Your information will be minimised. It will not be used for any other reason should you choose to have it forgotten and will be stored securely.
You have the right to restrict how your data is used. For instance, you would be within your rights to restrict the use of your data for marketing purposes exclusively.
You have the right to update the information we may hold on you to ensure accurate information, should you be willing and giving consent for such an update.
You have the right to access information held about you. Any access request shall be responded to within 30 days, and shall be free of cost unless requests are determined to be unfounded or excessive in their nature. Should any requests be unfounded or excessive, then we may either impose a reasonable fee in providing such information, or completely refuse to act on the request.
9.6 Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. This policy was last amended on the 28th May 2018.
9.7 Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the Office Manager at Print Evolved who will be responsible for privacy and data protection related issues.
9.8 Where We Store Your Personal Data
The data we collect will be stored locally or on our secure servers in the UK. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
The transmission of information through the internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal data, but we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site through the internet; any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
10 Events beyond our control
We are not responsible for any delay or failure in carrying out our duties under this Agreement if the delay or failure is caused by circumstances beyond our reasonable control. These circumstances include civil commotion, riots, flood, drought, fire, the postal service, the courier service and strikes. You must allow us reasonable time to carry out our duties in these circumstances.
11 Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us. The terms of any other electronic message or order or any other communications you may have sent to us not forming part of the Order will not apply.
12 Severability
If a court decides that any part of this Agreement is not valid or cannot be enforced, that part will not apply. All other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply.
13 Changing the Contract
13.1 If we decide not to enforce a right under this Agreement, this does not prevent us from enforcing that right in the future.
13.2 We reserve the right to make changes to this Site and to these Terms & Conditions at any time without prior notice. You should review these Terms & Conditions each time you access this Site.
14 Governing Law
This Agreement will be governed by English law and will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
15 Our Copyright Notice
The content of this site is protected by (UK) and international copyright laws. No part of the site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, redistributed, modified displayed, downloaded or performed without prior written permission and consent of Cards Made Easy.
This site is provided as an online ordering resource by Cards Made Easy. The site is provided on an "as is" basis and may be subject to errors and omissions.
Cards Made Easy makes no express or implied warranties of any kind relating to the provision of information or service on or by this site.Cards Made Easy will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use or misuse of this site or any of the information contained within it.
We reserve the right to make changes to this site, disclaimers, and terms and conditions at any time.
If you would like to comment on the above information or regarding anything about this website please you can either email us on feedback@cardsmadeeasy.com or use the form on the Contact Us page.
16 Our Quality Objectives
Never to lose a customer, or any of their business because of a quality issue in any aspect of our relationship with them.
To ensure that the % of customer reprints, not caused by Royal Mail loss, will be reduced.
Ruthlessly implement systems to ensure that material costs as a % of turnover is reduced year on year.
To grow profitability and turnover year on year by continuous improvement.
We maintain the highest standards, and judge our work as if we were a very discerning customer ourselves. This is the only way to be proud of our service and to maintain our positive competitive position. We monitor our quality objectives and standards through via our ISO9001 certified quality management system. And, with our 'can do' approach at CardsMadeEasy, we make sure that we take environmental issues seriously. We are committed to minimising our environmental impacts which include our energy and water consumption, paper waste, and the use of chemicals for printing. These impacts are being continually addressed via our ISO14001 certified environmental management system. In addition, as part of the Carbon Smart certification scheme, we have been monitoring our carbon footprint annually and have made a commitment to reducing our carbon emissions.
We believe that good environmental management is about making steady and continuous steps forward. Therefore we will, wherever possible, set measurable targets to reduce ours and our clients' impact in three areas of our business:
17 Our Environmental Objectives
We will reduce and, as far as possible, eliminate all unnecessary paper, energy, water and chemical waste through waste reduction initiatives.
We commit to reducing unnecessary chemical pollution.
We will ensure that we comply with all the relevant environmental legislation, and will carry out regular reviews to make sure that we remain in tune with current issues.
We will continue to improve our environmental communications with clients and suppliers via social media and other mediums.
We take our clients' environmental requirements seriously so that they can trust us to use the materials and processes to fit in with their own environmental objectives.
18 Our Environmental Targets
Reduce our carbon footprint by a minimum of 3% from Oct13 - Oct14
Increase our FSC paper usage to as close to 100% of paper purchased as possible.
We will make certain that this policy
Is known and supported by everyone who works for us.
Will be available to our clients and anyone who is interested.
Will be checked annually.
For more on our environmental policies, contact us via support@cardsmadeeasy.com.