http://www.knauf.co.uk/privacy
Knauf website
Contact us
Find a stockist
Main Content
Home
Privacy
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy Statement
The protection of personal data is of the utmost importance to Knauf Limited (“Knauf”, “we”, “us” or “our”). We would therefore like to inform you about how we protect your privacy when you provide us with your personal data through your use of this website and your rights. As a matter of course, we comply with the applicable data protection legislation and we are committed to the responsible handling of your data.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
Topics covered by this policy
Collection of user-related data
Collection of personal data
Third parties
How we use your personal data
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
Profiling
Knauf Newsletter and right to withdraw consent
Use of cookies by Google
Transfer of personal data overseas
Security
Your legal rights
Third party links
Data retention period
Contact
Changes to this privacy statement
Collection of user-related data
The following general technical information will be collected automatically when you access the website: the type of web browser, the operating system, the domain name of your Internet service provider and similar information. It does not contain any personally identifiable information. This data collection and storage can be revoked at any time with immediate effect in the future.
Collection of personal data
Where you are asked to provide personal information on our website such as name, address, email address or telephone number, the use of the information is subject to the applicable data protection legislation.
We use your personal data only for the purposes of technical administration of the website, customer management, product enquiry and marketing communications or for any other purposes specifically permitted by the applicable data protection legislation and will only process such data in accordance with the requirements of the applicable data protection legislation.
THIRD PARTIES
Your data is only transferred to and/or accessible by the third parties set out below which is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business and for the running our business, provision of administration and IT services) and where your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests:
Any member of the Knauf Group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006).
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
Profiling
We may analyse your personal data to improve our understanding of customer needs and create a profile of interests and preferences to enable us to contact you with information relevant to you. We may employ the use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to assist us to do this effectively.
Knauf marketing communications and right to withdraw consent
Direct mail communications (post)
Email newsletters
Phone
SMS
Knauf UK & Ireland marketing communications inform you about new products and general Knauf-related news. Knauf uses the double-opt-in process. This means that you register on our website to get our communications. Afterwards we will send you an e-mail, in which you need to confirm your subscription. To revoke this consent at any time with immediate effect you can unsubscribe on our website or contact: digital@knauf.co.uk.
We reserve the right to contact trading customers about matters mentioned in our Conditions of Sale  where this is either necessary to perform a contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract or where it is necessary for our legitimate interest. For example, all pricing information, product changes (e.g. discontinuations) and service updates will be communicated to trading customers regardless of marketing communications preferences.
Use of cookies
Knauf.co.uk uses cookies to improve the user experience. These include cookies from Hotjar, Google Tag Manager and Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
To find out more about cookies, or to learn how to opt out of receiving them, please visit: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en .You can opt out of Hotjar tracking here: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
Transfer of personal data overseas
We do not transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area. However the internet is a global environment. Using the internet to collect and process personal data may involve the transmission of this data internationally, including outside the European Economic Area. Therefore, by browsing the website and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to your personal data being processed in this way.
Security
We use a multitude of technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal data against random or willful manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorised persons.
Your legal rights
You have certain rights under data protection legislation including the following:
Request access: to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction: of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure:  of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing: of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing: of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer: of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time: where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at info@knauf.co.uk or write to Business Unit Data Co-Ordinator at Knauf UK Gmbh, Kemsley Fields Business Park, Sittingbourne, ME9 8SR.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority:  You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (“ICO”), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Third party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Data retention period
Marketing communication preferences and the use of personal data processed for the use of our any of our services will be retained for up to 8 years and which point Knauf will be active in updating, archiving or securely deleting the information.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see ‘Request erasure’ above for further information or contact us at info@knauf.co.uk, or Business Unit Data Co-Ordinator at Knauf UK Gmbh, Kemsley Fields Business Park, Sittingbourne, ME9 8SR.
Contact
Knauf is a company incorporated in England and Wales with company number 02292022 whose registered office is at P.O. Box 133, Sittingbourne, Kent, ME10 3HW. Knauf is the controller and is responsible for your personal data.
If there are any questions, please contact our data protection officer at info@knauf.co.uk, or write to Business Unit Data Co-Ordinator at Knauf UK Gmbh, Kemsley Fields Business Park, Sittingbourne, ME9 8SR.
Changes to this privacy statement
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page or, where appropriate, when you next log onto the website. The new terms may be displayed on-screen and people who have already consented to the policy may be asked to re-consent to it following any major changes to continue your use of the website. This privacy policy was last updated on 28.03.2018.
The data protection law in the UK will change on 25 May 2018. Although this privacy policy sets out most of your rights under the new laws, we may not yet be able to respond to some of your requests (for example, a request for the transfer of your personal data) until May 2018 as we are still working towards getting our systems ready for some of these changes.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.