http://www.wimpy.co.za/terms-and-conditions/
Order OnlineSIZZLING NEWSFRANCHISINGCONTACT USPROMOTIONSHOMEWIMPY REWARDSMENUHALAAL MENUKIDSLOCATORABOUT USPARTNERSHIPSCLASSIC DOWNLOADTAKEAWAY DOWNLOADMENULUNCHDESSERTDRINKS SWEET CHILLI MAYO DOUBLE CHEESEBURGER & CHIPS CHEESE GRILLER LOADED BREAKFAST KIDS KIDS PROMO LEARN & PLAY PARTY ENQUIRY KIDS MENUKIDS HALAAL MENUENGEN SUMMER CAMPAIGNREACH FOR A DREAMEBUCKSDISCOVERY INSURESIZZLING NEWSOUR COFFEE CREDENTIALSOUR STORY MENUMENUBREAKFASTLUNCHDRINKSDESSERTSHALAAL MENUBREAKFASTLUNCHDRINKSDESSERTSPROMOTIONS SWEET CHILLI MAYO DOUBLE CHEESEBURGER & CHIPS CHEESE GRILLER LOADED BREAKFAST PARTNERSHIPSENGEN SUMMER CAMPAIGNREACH FOR A DREAMEBUCKSDISCOVERY INSUREMOMENTUM MULTIPLYWIMPY REWARDSABOUT USSIZZLING NEWSOUR COFFEE CREDENTIALSOUR STORYKIDSKIDS PROMO
LEARN & PLAYMENUHALAAL MENUPARTY ENQUIRYLOCATORCONTACT USFRANCHISINGMENU(current)HALAAL MENUPROMOTIONSLOCATOROUR STORYPARTNERSHIPSSIZZLING NEWSFRANCHISINGKIDSCONTACT US TERMS & CONDITIONSTERMS AND CONDITIONS Wimpy Rewards Programme Terms and Conditions“Wimpy Rewards” is operated by Wimpy, a wholly owned subsidiary of Famous Brands Limited. The Terms and Conditions set out the contractual relationship between Wimpy Rewards and each individual member of the programme.These Terms and Conditions apply to your participation in the Wimpy Rewards programme ("Wimpy Rewards") which is operated by Wimpy in South Africa. Wimpy reserves the right to change, modify and/or eliminate Wimpy Rewards and/or all or any portion of these Terms and Conditions or any policy, FAQ, or guideline pertaining to Wimpy Rewards at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to www.wimpy.co.za, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your participation in Wimpy Rewards confirms your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and any such changes or modifications; therefore, you should review these Terms and Conditions and applicable policies and FAQs frequently to understand the Terms and Conditions that apply to Wimpy Rewards.Ts & Cs apply. Only the first 50 000 new users who download the Wimpy App will receive a voucher for one Wimpy Burger Combo. The voucher will be auto redeemed on payment for the item via the app, when the item is included in the basket of goods and only the first time it is ordered. The voucher is redeemable by the user only and is not transferrable. The Wimpy Burger Combo is redeemable for sit-down and takeaway, but not delivery. This offer is only applicable to new Wimpy App users, who sign up during the term of the promotional period. This offer applies only to the first 50 000 new users during the promotional period. The voucher will expire within 30 days of being issued. This offer will expire once the last voucher has been issued, or when the promotional period ends, whichever happens first. This offer is available at all Wimpy restaurants in South Africa.About Wimpy Rewards ProgrammeWimpy Rewards lets you earn loyalty coins (“Wimpy Coins”) by making qualifying purchases at Wimpy restaurants across South Africa. Fully enrolled Wimpy Rewards programme members (“Members”) may redeem their accumulated Coins to pay partially or fully for their bills in-store.There is no cost to join Wimpy Rewards. However, you must fully enrol in order to earn Coins. You are not a Member until you are fully enrolled, meaning that you must download the Wimpy App, complete your registration and verify your cell phone number.In most cases, you may use cash, credit or debit card payment options accepted by a given Wimpy restaurant to make qualifying purchases that earn Coins.Part A – DefinitionsIn these Terms and Conditions unless the context requires otherwise:“App transactions” means any transaction triggered by the customer through the Wimpy App. This could be earning or burning Coins, in-app payment or redemption of a Voucher or gift card.“Applicable Laws” means in relation to any relevant jurisdiction, any law, regulation, regulatory requirement, judgment, order, direction or any other act of any government entity of such jurisdiction.“Burn / Redeem” means a consumer transaction done to spend Coins.“Download” means a Wimpy App download.“Earn” means a consumer transaction done to receive/be awarded with Coins."Fraud" means any conduct which is fraudulent, dishonest and deceitful. Such conduct includes, but is not limited to any of the following:knowingly supplying incorrect information to accrue Coinsusing or attempting to use stolen or counterfeit identityusing or attempting to use stolen or counterfeit Vouchersattempting to accrue Coins dishonestlyselling, bartering and/or purchasing Coins or Rewards including attempting to sell or transfer Coins or Rewards by means of internet based sales or auctions unless otherwise permitted under these Terms and Conditions; orattempting to use Coins or obtain Rewards dishonestlyknowingly benefiting from the fraud or misconduct of another Member or individual“Gift card” means an amount purchased by a member, using coins or card, and sent to another person as a gift for use in the app. This amount will reflect on the receiver’s app balance for use at Wimpy."Member" means the person who is a member of the Programme and whose name is registered against the Membership Number."Member Registration Data" means data personal to a Member’s information captured when registering for the programme."Membership" means membership of the Wimpy Rewards programme."Membership Number" means the membership number allocated to a Member in accordance with these Terms and Conditions."Misconduct" includes:failure to comply with these Terms and Conditionsattempting to obtain Coins or Rewards by Fraudmisconduct whilst using any Wimpy facilitiesmisconduct in dealing with our staffselling, bartering and/or purchasing Coins or Rewards including attempting to sell or transfer Coins or Rewards by means of internet based sales or auctions unless otherwise permitted under these Terms and Conditions; orattempting to use Coins or obtain Rewards dishonestlyknowingly benefiting from the Fraud or Misconduct of another Member or individual “Payment” means payment either by Coins, debit card, credit card or charge card, in-App payment, vouchers or Gift cards. We do not accept payments by cheque.  Normal banking costs are applicable to in-App payments."Coins or Coin(s)" means the virtual currency earned by a Member under the Programme and credited to a Member's account for spend. “Programme” means the programme operated by Wimpy pursuant to which members earn Coins and spend them on to pay for their Wimpy meals.“QR code” means a visual representation of a unique code on a till slip which holds information on the restaurant, table, waiter and order.“Transactional Data” means transaction data personal to a Member.“Voucher” means an e-voucher within the Wimpy App with specific T&C and an expiry date applicable to that Voucher.  It could be a value Voucher, a discount Voucher or a product Voucher.  “Wimpy App” refers to the mobile application available for apple and android, downloadable off the iStore or Google Play."Website" means the pages applicable to the Programme available at www.wimpy.co.za or such other domain name as made available from time to time.Part B – Membership of the ProgrammeMembership EligibilityB.1.1 Only individuals who are 18 years of age or over may apply for Membership. Individuals must reside in South Africa.B.1.2 Membership is offered at our discretion and we may refuse Membership to any applicant without assigning any reason.Membership ApplicationB.2.1 To apply for Membership an individual must apply by registering on the Wimpy App. All applications are completed via a digital form with no physical application form required to be completed. Applications may be made at any time on any day of the week on the Wimpy App.Membership applications must state the applicant's full name, gender, and email address and telephone/mobile number for correspondenceWe will verify membership applications via an OTP to finalise the registration process.B.2.2 Multiple Membership is not permitted and each Member must maintain only one account. In the case of duplication of Membership, all Memberships (other than the first Membership approved by us) will be cancelled. Any duplicate Coins will be cancelled. B.2.3 You represent that all Registration Information you provide during enrolment and throughout your interactions with Wimpy is true and accurate. You agree to update your Registration Information, as necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy. You are responsible for all activities related to your Wimpy account and for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password.Additionally, to complete the enrolment process, you must acknowledge receipt of these Terms and Conditions and our privacy notices.Membership AccountB.3.1 Applicants will be admitted to Membership on the date they activate their account via the Wimpy App to collect Wimpy Coins. By activating their account Members agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions (as amended from time to time) and the information on the Website.B.3.2 members may make changes to their details in their Membership profile via the Wimpy App.B.3.3 Correspondence will be sent to the Member's last preferred e-mailing address and/or the cell phone number provided on application.B.3.4 We will not be responsible for late, lost or misdirected emailsB.3.6 It is your responsibility to keep any information that might identify you and allow access to your Membership secure. Unfortunately, you cannot hold Wimpy responsible if a person is able to spend Coins in your account as a result of you not taking appropriate care of your Membership details. If you lose or accidentally reveal your Membership Number or password details, you should change the password under profile settings on the Wimpy App.B.3.7 We reserve the right to audit a Member's account and records without notice to the Member to check for compliance with these Terms and Conditions and any other applicable rules, regulations or Terms and Conditions.Termination of MembershipB.4.1 Membership will terminate automatically:B.4.1.2 upon the death of a Member. Coins accumulated but unused at the time of death shall be cancelled together with Membership of the Programme; orB.4.1.3 if we reasonably believe that you have committed an act of Fraud or Misconduct against us.B.4.2 Members may terminate their Membership by contacting us stating that they no longer wish to be a Member. Any such termination will result in a loss of all Coins and does not relieve the Member of any continuing obligations under these Terms and Conditions.B.4.3 In the case of Fraud and/or Misconduct, we may cancel all accrued and accruing Coins of the Member and any Rewards.Termination of the ProgrammeB.5.1 We may terminate a Member's right to earn or redeem Coins or terminate the Programme.B.5.2 We will give reasonable notice of such termination of the Programme or a Member's right to earn or redeem Coins issued by Wimpy.B.5.3 In the event of programme termination, Wimpy coins will remain valid to be spent for 90 days.Changes to the ProgrammeB.6.1. Wimpy reserves the right to alter or change operational conditions of the Wimpy Rewards programme. Wimpy can change the Programme, the Coins and the Rewards we provide. Wimpy will give you reasonable notice but this could depend on the nature of the change and the Members’ notification setting on their Wimpy App Profile.B.6.2 Examples of this action include (but are not limited to) modifying or withdrawing the right to earn Coins or amending the number of Coins earned when making a transaction.B.6.3 Members shall be deemed to have agreed to any modifications, withdrawal, amendment or additions to the Programme if, after we have notified you of the changes, you continue to participate in the Programme.B.6.4 Wimpy may, at any time, amend the time limit on how long you have to spend any Coins. We will give you reasonable notice.B.6.5 Wimpy have the right to change these Terms and Conditions. We will always give you reasonable notice. Please refer to the Wimpy website for the latest copy of these Terms and Conditions.Members who do not wish to accept changes to the Programme may terminate their Membership in the manner described in Section B.4.2.Part C – Earning CoinsEarning Coins – GeneralC.1.1 Coins can be awarded on sit down, take-away and drive through orders.C.1.2 Coins cannot be awarded on own nor third party delivery orders.C.1.3 Members cannot split the earning of Coins on the bill.  The bill will need to be split into two before Coins are allocated.C.1.4 Wimpy will record Coins in the Member's personal account. Coins cannot be redeemed until we have recorded it in the Member's personal account.C.1.5 Members can start earning coins immediately once registered.C.1.7 Furthermore, it is not possible to earn Wimpy coins retrospectively for transactions in the pastC.1.10 Coins are not awarded on transactions settled with Coins, gift card or vouchers.C.1.11 Members earn coins on the total amount spent including VAT.C.1.12 Members can only make 5x Wimpy App till slip scans a day. However, this rule may change at any time.C.1.13 This App allows direct payments to be made using the App in-store with your linked card:To limit the possible incidence of fraud, only two payments are allowed per user per day when a user is using the app to make a direct payment.The App only supports Visa and MasterCard. The App does not support Diners Club, American Express Cards or Debit Cards that are not 3D Secure enabled.When you link your card to the App, there will be a charge of R1.00. This is to enable the App to validate that the card is a legitimate card with funds available. The R1.00 charge will be reversed after 7 to 10 working days.We carry out 3D Secure on vaulting and linking of a card. The user will be taken to their password-protected authentication system, either Verified by Visa or Mastercard SecureCode. This allows for the verification of the R1.00 charge by prompting you to enter the code sent to you by your bank via SMS.Coins balanceC.2.1 When you spend Coins, we will adjust your loyalty balance in line with this.   Members can continue to earn Coins; there will be no maximum threshold to earning Coins.C.2.2 Members are able to transfer coins from one Member account to another through sending a Wimpy Gift card in-app. Select to ‘Pay with Coins’ when sending a gift card to another member.Coins expiryC.3.1 If a Member has not earned or redeemed Coins for 13 consecutive months, all Coins that have accrued to that date will expire automatically.Part D – Redeeming CoinsUpon earning your Wimpy Coins, you will be able to redeem your accumulated Coins on the Wimpy App at any time.D.1.1 Coins cannot be exchanged for cash and have no cash value. Coins are not your property. Coins are issued without separate payment or other consideration by you, and exist at the sole discretion of Wimpy as part of a rewards programme.D.1.2 Coins cannot be purchased, redeemed for cash or any other monetary value or currency, or used to pay any credit card or other credit device. Coins may not be assigned, transferred or pledged to any third party, except as stated herein. Coins may not be transferred by operation of law, such as by inheritance, in bankruptcy, or in connection with a divorce.D.1.3 Coins can be used to pay towards your next purchase by:Part E – Vouchers and Gift Cards in Wimpy AppVouchersE.1.1 Vouchers may be a value Voucher, a discount Voucher or a product Voucher.E.1.2. No change may be given on a Voucher; the Voucher is a once off discount.E.1.3 Vouchers will have different terms and conditions per Voucher type and different expiry timelines per Voucher type.Gift CardsE.2.1 Gift Cards expire after 3 years.E.2.2 No change may be given on a Gift Card, but Gift Cards may be used in intervals and a new balance will reflect after each use.E.2.3 No Coins are awarded on the purchase of a Gift Card.Part F – Technical Issues / System ErrorsF.1.1. In the event of a technical, system(s) or network failure, as well as, system upgrades, Wimpy Coin allocations and/or discounts, will not be processed and/or issued retrospectively.Please contact us for assistance. Wimpy Customer Care:info@wimpy.co.za or call us on 08600 WIMPY.You can also complete a “contact us” form on the Wimpy App or websitePart G – Member DataG.1.1 Your Registration Information.By becoming a Member of Wimpy Rewards, you choose to provide us with your Registration Information, and you agree to update it from time to time so that it remains accurate.G.1.2 Your Account Activity.When you participate in Wimpy Rewards on the Wimpy App, you authorise us to collect information about your “Account Activity,which may include the items or services that you purchased, any offers that you redeemed, or any other information related to your transaction.G.1.3 Authorisation for Wimpy to Use and Share Your Information.You authorise us to use and share your Registration Information and Account Activity in accordance with the Wimpy Consumer Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, in our sole discretion.You can obtain copies of the Wimpy Consumer Privacy Policy on www.wimpy.co.za Wimpy Kids - World Of AnimalsT&Cs apply.Giveaway only valid with the purchase of a Wimpy Kid's Combo. No substitutes on products offered. While stocks last. Toys not suitable for children under the age of 3 years old. The visuals are for decriptive purposes only and toys may vary. Win with Coke and Wimpy CompetitionThis Promotional Competition (“Competition”) is organised by Coca-Cola Africa (Proprietary) Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company [“TCCC”]) and supported by Coca-Cola Beverages Africa (Pty) Limited and Famous Brands Management - Wimpy (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “Promoter”).The Competition is open to permanent residents and citizens of South Africa over the age of 18 (eighteen) years, in possession of a valid form of identification (South African Identity Document or Passport) or any minor over the age of 13 (thirteen) with a guardian in possession of a valid South African Identity Document, except any minor, employee, director, member, partner, agent or consultant of the Promoter, or any person who directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by the Promoter and/or immediate family members of any of the above persons, its advertising agencies, advisers, dealers, suppliers and Bottlers of beverages identified by the trademarks owned by or licensed to The Coca-Cola Company, its affiliates and/or associated companies,By entering the Competition, all participants and the winner agree to be bound by these rules as interpreted by the Promoter, whose decision regarding any dispute will be final and binding. The Promoter reserves the right at any time, without notice, to amend, modify, or change these rules and any prizes, and to postpone, suspend or cancel this Competition and any prizes, or any aspect thereof, without notice at any time, for any reason which the Promoter reasonably deems necessary.The Competition is only valid within South Africa. Participants must be within South Africa at the time of entering the Competition, for the verification process and at the time of the prizes being awarded should they be declared a Winner, failing which such person will be disqualified and the draw of a replacement entry shall take place under the same terms and conditions as the first draw.The Competitions commence on 19 October 2020 and ends midnight on 30 November 2020 (“the Duration”). The winners will be announced after the competition ends.The Participants stand a chance to win Charcoal Braai (“Prize”).Participants will be required to do the following: Order the Boerie Cheese Crispy Stack & a regular Coke, snap a pic and post to your socials using #WinWithCokeAndWimpy to enter and win 1 of 100 Coke Braais.All entries will be reviewed by a panel of judges who will short-list the valid entries. The judging panel will then conduct an audited random draw to select a total of 100 winners at on 13 November 2020 until all the Prizes have been awarded. The Promoter’s decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into.All winners will be notified Sauce Agency will send the winners a direct winning message with a subsequent follow up to confirm their details on the dates listed in clause 5 above.In order for the particular entries to be confirmed as valid, the possible winners will be required to provide their full name, contact number and e-mail address, to deliver the Prize.If the Promoter is unable to reach a winner after 72 hours from the date of being declared a winner, or if a winner is a minor who did not obtain their parent or legal guardian’s consent, or if a winner fails the verification process after drawing his/her entry for whatsoever reason, such person will be disqualified and a draw for a replacement entry and winner will take place.The Promoter will advise the winners when and how they will receive their Prize, within 14 (fourteen) working days from being declared a winner.Once the winner has received the Prize, the Promoter will not take responsibility for any product malfunction or defect. Ownership of and risk in and benefit attaching to the Prize will pass on to the winner immediately.Participants may enter the Competition subject to the following:No automated entries will be allowed and all entries must be made by a natural person manually on Facebook or Twitter.If any entry was made in a manner which in the Promoter’s discretion provides the participant with an unfair advantage over other entrants, such a Participant will be disqualified from this and all future competitions run by the Promoter.Participants may enter this Competition as many times as they like provided they complete the entry mechanics set out above each time. However, Participants are only eligible for 1 (one) Prize under this Competition. Participants who have won a prize in a competition run by the Promoter in the past 6 (six) months, are not eligible to win a Prize.The Prize winners are obligated to behave responsibly and comply with the Competition rules and all reasonable requests of the Promoter and its agents.The Prizes are neither transferable nor redeemable for cash.All participants and the winners, as the case may be, indemnify the Promoter, it’s advertising agencies, advisers, nominated agents, partners, suppliers and Bottlers of beverages identified by the trademarks owned by or licensed to The Coca-Cola Company, its affiliates and/or associated companies against any and all claims of any nature whatsoever arising out of and/or from their participation in any way howsoever in this Competition (including, as a result of any act or omission, whether as a result of negligence, misrepresentation, misconduct or otherwise on the part of the Promoter and/or use of the Prizes).The Promoter may require the winners to be identified, photographed and published in printed media, or to appear on radio and television, when accepting their Prizes or after having received their Prizes. The winners will be given the opportunity to decline to the publication of their images and to participate in the Promoter’s marketing material in so far as it relates to the Competition. The Promoter may use the uploaded images in whole or in part, and any reproductions thereof, worldwide for advertising, promotion, publicity or otherwise on any website for any media purpose and for any other lawful purpose whatsoever.By entering the Competition, the participants agree that The Coca-Cola Company and its affiliates (including the Promoter, subsidiaries, Bottlers, and joint ventures) may contact the participants via email and through social media platforms to deliver marketing communications regarding their products and promotional activities. The Promoter may also use the personal data collected from the participants as described in the Privacy Policy accessible at www.coca-cola.co.za and that such use may include transfers to the Promoter’s affiliates and third party service providers in any country.The Promoter may require the winners to complete and submit an information disclosure agreement and indemnification to enable the Promoter to ensure compliance with these Rules and the Consumer Protection Act 68 of 2008. Should any winner refuse or be unable to comply with this rule for any reason, such a winner will be deemed to have rejected the Prize and it shall revert back to the Promoter.The Competition is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administrated by, or associated with Facebook or Twitter. Participants voluntarily provide their information to the Promoters and not to Facebook or Twitter however the Participants are required to take note of the following:As this Competition requires Participants to comment/post anything in relation to the relevant Facebook or Twitter social platforms, Participants’ comments/posts must be original and written by them. For the purposes of these Rules, “comment/post” includes but is not limited to, any written material or visual or audio material such as an image, a photograph, a sound or visual clip. Participants may not use someone else’s post or work as their post. Participants may not comment/post material that is derogatory or harmful to the Promoter or the social platforms.Participants may not misuse the social media platforms, or the CocaCola® brand or Competition in any way. This includes posting content for commercial purposes or distributing spam or malicious code or using the site to collect the personal data or content of other users or direct visitors to other sites or pages.Posts must not contain any content that is normally prohibited on the relevant social platforms such as explicit or offensive content.The Promoter has the absolute discretion to decide if Participants actions constitute any of the actions prohibited in terms of these Rules and to end their participation in the competition immediately and take appropriate legal action. The Promoter may also immediately remove any posts that they reasonably believe constitute any prohibited content without notice to the Participant.Participants must comply with the terms & conditions and privacy policies of the social media platforms.The Promoter is not responsible for the social media platforms. The Promoter cannot control how they operate, when or if they are available, or what content they carry. Even though the Promoter runs the Competition on the site, the Promoter does not endorse the third party, its site, its products, or services or any content on the site. Participants use the site at their own risk. Participants must take all necessary measures to protect themselves and any minors, from risks, such as viruses and other destructive code.Participants must obtain at their own expense all equipment and services that are necessary to gain access to the social media platforms to take part in this Competition.The Promoter can put in place such technical or other remedies it considers appropriate to prevent abuse, or to protect any sites or our systems or other users.If any Participant does not comply with these Rules, their posts can be deleted and they will not be allowed to access the site or take part in the Competition.By posting any content, experiences, images on any social media platform, in relation to this Competition and its associated promotional activities, Participants consent and give the Promoter a worldwide, royalty free and non-exclusive license, to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish any content posted and/or submitted by a Participant on a social media platform, for the purposes of promoting the products and services of the Promotor.By posting any content, experiences, images on any social media platform, in relation to this Competition and its associated promotional activities, Participants consent and give the Promoter a world-wide, royalty free and non-exclusive license, to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish any content posted and/or submitted by a Participant on a social media platform, for the purposes of promoting the products and services of the Promotor.All queries relating to the Competition can be directed to the Coca-Cola Customer Care Line on 0860 112 526. A copy of the Competition rules is available at no cost to the participants and can be downloaded in printable form at www.coca-cola.co.za. Ouma Rusks Winter Drive 2020The promoter is RCL Foods (Pty) Ltd and Famous Brands (Pty) Ltd trading as Wimpy contracted to promote the Ouma Winter Drive Promotion (“the Promoter”).Any persons participating in this Promotion (“Participant”) accept and agree that by participating in this Promotion that they have had an opportunity to read and consider these Terms and Conditions and that they are bound by these Terms and Conditions.Who can participateAny legal resident of South Africa who is 18 (eighteen) years or older may participate in the Activation.No director, employee, agent or consultant of:the Promoter;any other subsidiary or associated person who controls or is controlled by the Promoter;the supplier of goods or services in connection with the Promotion; orthe marketer of the Promotion,or their spouses, life partners, business partners or immediate family members, may enter this Competition.How to ParticipateA Participant purchasing one (1) Regular or Mega cappuccino at selected Wimpy Restaurants during the promotional period (6 July 2020 to 31 August 2020) will receive one (1) Ouma Peanut Butter or Buttermilk Rusk 30g free, while stocks last.Stocks of Ouma rusks are limited and participants are not guaranteed a free rusk once stocks are depleted.Personal InformationBy participating in this Promotion, the Participant consents to the collection, processing and further processing of his/her personal information (including personal information contained in electronic communications) by the Promoter for the purposes of conducting this Promotion and facilitating the participant’s participation in the Promotion.By posting any content, images, or comments on any of the Promoter’s public and/or social media platform, a Participant consents to and gives the Promoter a world-wide royalty free licence to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish such content, images or comments for the purposes of promoting the Promoter’s products and/or services.IndemnityBy participating in the Promotion, the Participant unconditionally and irrevocably indemnifies and holds harmless the Promoter, as well as its holding company, its subsidiaries and any subsidiaries of its holding company, and their successors and assigns, directors, employees, agents or consultants against all and any losses, claims, proceeding, actions, damages, (direct, consequential or otherwise) liability, demands, expenses, legal costs (on an attorney and own client basis) howsoever arising out of, based upon, or in connection with (directly or indirectly) the Participant’s participation in the Promotion and the giveaways.DurationThis Promotion runs from Monday, 06 July 2020 and ends on Monday, 31 August 2020 (“closing date”).The Promoter reserves the right to reasonably extend, shorten or suspend the time period of the Promotion or terminate the Promotion for technical, commercial, and/or operational reasons, or for reasons beyond its control. The Promotion, Prize and Terms and Conditions may be reasonably amended by the Promoter, at any time during the Promotion. In such event, all Participants waive any rights that they may have/purport to have in terms of this Promotion, and acknowledge that they shall have no recourse against the Promoter whatsoever.DisputesShould any dispute arise in relation to these Terms and Conditions, the Promoter’s decision be final, and no correspondence shall be entered into.Any queries may be directed to the RCL Foods Consumer Care Line on 0860 103 764 from Monday to Friday, 8:30am to 5:00pm. Wimpy Kids' PartiesT&Cs.Wimpy’s themed kids’ parties costR74.90 per child, including VAT.Party cost includes a choice of meal and a side, a soda and a Razzle-Dazzle Snowfreeze™ cone for each child.The choice of Kids’ Meals includes a Cheese Burger and a side, Chicken Sticks and a side, or a Toasted Cheese and a side.The choice of soda includes any soda that Wimpy has on offer, but excludes milkshakes.An additional R5 will be charged if a milkshake is ordered instead of a soda.Party cost also includes themed decorations.Decorations include one plain table cloth and a themed paper plate, cup, serviette, balloon and candy toy per child.Any extras over and above this will be charged for.Fun Buddies, face painting and balloon sculpting are included in the price if the Wimpy restaurant of your choice provides this service.Parties to be booked 2 weeks in advance.A 50% non-refundable deposit is required for a booking to be confirmed by a selected restaurant.Themed parties are only available at select Wimpy restaurants around the country.
Sweet Chilli Mayo Double Cheeseburger and ChipsT&Cs apply.Available at selected restaurants for sit-down and takeaway.Available from 17 November 2020 until further notice.While stocks last.Visuals for descriptive purposes only.Full nutritional information available here.
Cheese Griller Loaded BreakfastT&Cs apply.Available at selected restaurants for sit-down and takeaway.Available from 17 November 2020 until further notice.While stocks last.Visuals for descriptive purposes only.Full nutritional information available here.
Kids CombosT&Cs apply.Giveaway only valid with the purchase of a Wimpy Kids’ Combo.No substitutes on products offered.Toys not suitable for children under the age of 3 years old.While stocks last.The visuals are for descriptive purposes only and toys may vary slightly.
Standard DisclaimersTerms and conditions apply.The terms and conditions of any promotional offer are set out in the promotional material for such offer, which may vary from our standard terms and conditions.This offer is available while stocks last.This offer is available nationwide.No substitutes on products offered.All extras will change the cost of the meal as well as published nutritional values.This offer is available as a sit-down and takeaway.Price Inclusive of VAT.The visuals are for descriptive purposes only and meals served could vary.Background images serve as food styling props only and are not included in meal.All sodas served are post-mix from soda fountain.Meals shown are not in proportion to one another.Wimpy promotes responsible eating.Wimpy took reasonable steps to ensure that the nutritional information is correct at the time of going to print, and is based on standard portions, which may vary.All masses refer to the approximate mass uncooked. FNB On The Go with Wimpy at Engen 1StopFNB On The Go is a new benefit being launched in October 2018, which gives qualifying FNB customers a complimentary breakfast or burger meal at participating Wimpy restaurants located at Engen 1Stops across South Africa. The benefit is for qualifying FNB Gold, Premier, Private Clients, Private Wealth or RMB Private Bank Account holders. Qualifying FNB customers who are multi-segmented (for example qualified on both FNB Gold and FNB Premier) will receive the FNB On The Go benefit on their highest qualifying segment.The benefit can only be redeemed at participating Engen 1Stop Wimpy restaurants for breakfast and burger meals as specified on the Wimpy menu and does not include beverages, “make it your own” or additional menu items. FNB On The Go benefits cannot be exchanged for cash. The benefit is only applicable to sit-down meals, and cannot be redeemed on any takeaway meals.To qualify for the FNB On The Go benefit you must be on eBucks Reward Level 2 or above. If you drop below Reward Level 2 at any time after you have been rewarded with the FNB On The Go benefit, you will not be able to access the FNB On The Go benefit until you are back on Reward Level 2 or above. Your qualification for access to the FNB On The Go benefit will be determined monthly in accordance with your eBucks Reward level while the benefit remains valid.Qualifying FNB customers will receive one FNB On The Go benefit every 3 (three) months via the FNB/RMB Banking App. The benefit is only valid for the quarter in which it has been allocated to you, and will expire at the end of the 3 (three) month period. Any unused FNB On The Go benefit will expire, and will not be carried over to the next quarter.FNB On the Go will only be available on the FNB/ RMB Banking App. You will need to log into the FNB/RMB Banking App to obtain the unique code which may be redeemed at a participating Wimpy for your complimentary meal. A new, randomly generated code is generated upon each request and can therefore not be saved and redeemed at a later stage.For Customer Care please contact the eBucks Contact CentreCall: 087 320 3200E-mail: info@eBucks.comWebsite: www.ebucks.comAlternatively, please contact the WIMPY Contact CentreCall: 08600 94679 / WIMPYE-mail: info@wimpy.co.zaWebsite: www.wimpy.co.za Purchase a Wimpy Gift CardThank you for choosing WIMPY for your gift card purchase.You can opt for a physical gift card, which we will courier to you or a digital gift card, where we would SMS your unique voucher code to you. You may redeem either form in full or in partial increments at any of our Wimpy restaurants. Gift Cards cannot be exchanged for cash and no change may be given. Gift Card will expire after 3 years.- Gift Cards start from R50 and go up to R5,000 per voucher- Gift Cards are available for purchase from Famous Brands- Please e-mail us with your requirements – quantity & amount- To order a physical gift card send your email to paula.acton@famousbrands.co.za with your daytime delivery address- To order a digital gift card send your email to luise.peters@famousbrands.co.za with your cell phone number- We will send you an invoice as per your request (our banking details will be on the invoice). After payment of the invoice, we need to wait 7 days for the payment to clear – then we will load and send the gift cards. (Please remember to e-mail us the proof of payment)- For companies: Please attach your FICA documents with your company details and VAT number to your initial e-mail Generic Loyalty CardTerms and conditions apply.While stocks last.Card must be presented at time of ordering and payment to receive this offer.Limited to one entry on card per person per visit. Kids' parties are excluded.Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotion.This card cannot be exchanged for cash.Valid at selected restaurant(s) only. Local Store Loyalty CardTerms and conditions apply.While stocks last.Card must be presented at time of ordering and payment to receive this offer.Limited to one entry on card per person per visit.Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotion.This card cannot be exchanged for cash.Any substitutions or extra menu products will change the cost of your meal.Valid at selected restaurant(s).Refer to card for more details.Refer to valid dates specified on card. Generic Gift VoucherTerms and conditions apply.While stocks last.Card must be presented at time of ordering and payment to receive this offer.Limited to one entry on card per person per visit.Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotion.This card cannot be exchanged for cash.Valid at selected restaurant(s).Valid for 3 months from date of issue.Any substitutions or extra menu products will change the cost of your meals. Local Store VoucherTerms and conditions apply.While stocks last.All prices inclusive of VAT.No substitutes on products offered.The manager reserves the right to terminate this promotion without prior notice.Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotion.All extras will be charged for.Background images serve as food styling props only and are not included in the meal.The visuals are for descriptive purposes only and meals served could vary.Any substitutions or extra menu products will change the cost of your meal.Valid at selected restaurant(s).Refer to card for more details.Refer to valid dates specified on card. PostersTerms and conditions apply.While stocks last.All prices inclusive of VAT.No substitutes on products offered.The manager reserves the right to terminate this promotion without prior notice.Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotion.All extras will be charged for.Background images serve as food styling props only and are not included in the meal.The visuals are for descriptive purposes only and meals served could vary.Any substitutions or extra menu products will change the cost of the meal.Valid at selected restaurant(s).Refer to card for more details.Refer to valid dates specified on card. Pensioners' Discount CardTerms and conditions apply.While stocks last.Card must be presented at time of ordering and payment to receive this offer.Limited to one entry on card per person per visit.Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotion.This card cannot be exchanged for cash.Valid at selected restaurant(s).Refer to card for more details.Refer to valid dates specified on card.Valid for 3 months from date of issue.Any substitutions or extra menu products will change the cost of the meal. Pensioners' Card (where meals are being offered)Terms and conditions apply.While stocks last.All prices inclusive of VAT.No substitutes on products offered.The manager reserves the right to terminate this promotion without prior notice.Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotion.All extras will be charged for.Background images serve as food styling props only - not included in meal.The visuals are for descriptive purposes only and meals served could vary.Any substitutions or extra menu products will change the cost of the meal.Valid at selected restaurant(s).Refer to card for more details.Refer to valid dates specified on card. Menu BackFull nutritional information booklet available on request. While stocks last.Wimpy is committed to improving the health of South Africans by promoting the need for healthy nutrition. We have compiled some important guidelines for Wimpy patrons to assist you in making wise food choices whether you are eating out or at home. We are now offering you the choice to make informed decisions by giving you nutritional information on all of the items on our menu. Warning: some products may contain traces of nuts. Wimpy took reasonable steps to ensure that the nutritional information is correct at the time of going to print, and uploading on our website, and is based on standard portions, which may vary.The nutritional information is subject to change.•“No Limit” Bottomless Soda: this offer is applicable for sit-down only and is to be consumed in the restaurant. No sharing allowed.Wimpy promotes responsible consumption. No substitutes on products offered. Terms and conditions apply.The terms and conditions of any promotional offer are set out in the promotional material for such offer, which may vary from our standard terms and conditions.All combo deals are served with a regular soda fountain soda and are available for sit-down only. No substitutions on combo offerings.Wimpy® and Snowfreeze® are registered trademarks. All masses refer to the approximate mass uncooked.Meals shown are not in proportion to one another. This menu is the property of the Wimpy Marketing Trust Fund (Pty) Ltd.All prices inclusive of VAT. All extras will be charged for. Background images serve as food styling props only and are not included in meal.The visuals are for descriptive purposes only and meals served could vary. Cheques accepted by prior arrangement only.Any substitutions or extra menu products will change the cost of the meal as well as published nutritional values. Wimpy Visa Electron Gift CardYour application for and / or use of the Wimpy gift card shall be subject to the following terms and conditions.Definitions • "card" means The Wimpy Gift card.• "cardholder" means the person who uses the card.• "you" or "your" means the cardholder.• "we" or "us" means Wimpy, Drawcard and Bidvest.• “Drawcard” means Drawcard (Proprietary) Limited (Registration No. 2003/019899/07).• “Bidvest” means Bidvest Bank Limited (Registration No.2000/006478/06).• “Wimpy” means Wimpy Marketing Fund Proprietary Limited (Registration No. 1972/012447/07).• “Visa Rules” means those rules, regulations, by-laws as published from time to time by Visa InternationalServices Association, and all of its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns, as amended, modified or substituted from time to time.1. Your card1.1. You agree that these terms and conditions apply to you and, any subsequent cardholder, by gift or otherwise.1.2. The card may not be refunded or exchanged for cash or credit.1.3. We may verify your identity and may decline to issue a card if you cannot give us satisfactory proof of your identity. (i.e. ID document)1.4. The cardholder must sign in ink in the space provided at the back of the card as soon as he or she receives it- only the person whose signature is on the card is authorised to use it.1.5. Bidvest remains the owner of the card.1.6. Purchase authorisation will be declined if terms and conditions are breached.1.7. At expiry of the card, you forfeit all unused funds.1.8. The card is not re-loadable.2. Using your Gift card2.1. The card has an expiry date which is printed on the front of the card and it will be valid until the last day of themonth as printed on the front of the card.2.2. The card may only be used in South Africa.2.3. The card may be used to pay for goods and services at suppliers/merchants who display the Visa Electron logo. When paying, you must sign a transaction slip and keep it for your records. No remote transactions are allowed, such as ordering via mail, telephone or Internet.2.4. The total Rand amount of purchases will be deducted from the value of the card.2.5. All transactions in excess of the card balance will be declined.2.6. We, Drawcard and Bidvest will not be liable if a supplier/merchant refuses to accept your card.2.7. We, Bidvest, DrawCard, Visa, and their affiliates, employees, and agents are not responsible for the services or merchandise purchased with the card or for the return or exchange thereof.2.8. Exchange or return of merchandise purchased in whole or in part with the card will be governed by the procedures and policies of the merchant and applicable law. At the time of any exchange or return, you should present both the merchandise receipt and the card.2.9. You acknowledge that your use of the card may be suspended or terminated from time to time for any reason whatsoever and that we, Drawcard and Bidvest shall have no liability whatsoever in consequence of any such suspension or termination.3. Unauthorised use of your card3.1. You are responsible for the safekeeping and proper use of your card, neither will Drawcard, Bidvest or us be liable if it is damaged, lost, stolen or copied.3.2. You must notify us immediately if your card is lost or stolen. We will stop the card as soon as reasonably possible after being advised, but you will be responsible for all cash withdrawals and payments made with the card before such notification.3.3. Unauthorised transactions may be disputed by you which will be investigated after the receipt of an affidavit from you that you did not authorise the transaction.4. Malfunction of electronic facilities4.1. We are not responsible for any loss arising from any failure, malfunction or delay in any electronic device, resulting from circumstances beyond our reasonable control.4.2. Unless a reversal or charge-back is allowed by and authorised pursuant to the Visa Rules –4.2.1. We are unable to reverse or charge-back any payment;{D38/LC0029.DOC/AGR5/MS}4.2.2. Any dispute with a merchant/supplier regarding a reversal or charge-back should be resolved by you with that merchant/supplier; and4.2.3. All payments made to a merchant/supplier for any transaction are final and irreversible.5. Interest and other charges5.1. No interest will accrue on positive balances on your card.6. Applicability of Visa Rules6.1. To the extent relevant, the Visa Rules apply to this contractual relationship, and shall be deemed to be incorporated herein by reference.7. Termination of agreement7.1. You may, at any time, terminate this agreement by destroying the card by cutting through the magnetic stripe and account number. You will be responsible for any transactions if the card is not destroyed correctly and is used.7.2. We may choose at any time to revoke your card to protect our interests.7.3. Even if this agreement ends, we will be entitled to rely on the rights acquired under this agreement before termination.8. General8.1. You may not vary these rules.8.2. South African law governs these rules.8.3. Card statements will not be forwarded to you but balances can be requested by calling the DrawCardCustomer Support Centre on 086 111 1234.9. Third Party Service ProvidersYou acknowledge and agree that:9.1. Wimpy may not, for whatever reason, perform the card related functions or services required pursuant to theVisa Rules, including without limitation, transaction authorisation and settlement services, which only members of Visa or their appointed agents may perform.9.2. Wimpy shall be entitled without restriction to nominate any third party supplier/s (including, without limitationDrawcard and Bidvest) to render those functions or services (in whole or in part) required on its behalf.10. Unlawful Use10.1 The card may not be used for any unlawful purpose, including the purchase of goods or services, prohibited by local law applicable in the Cardholder’s jurisdiction. FIND A WIMPY NEAR YOU Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a limited menu is available for delivery from selected stores only. Store trading hours will be aligned with the National Curfew Regulations.