http://www.safewareinc.com/home/privacypolicy
Welcome back!
Shopping Cart
Home
Shopping
Categories
Tech Service
Training
My Account
Shopping Cart
Quick Order
Track Order
Trending
Medical Surge
Public Order
Vaccine Safety
Trending Blogs
Social Media
AVON
Blauer
Decon 7
DuPont
Honeywell
Lakeland
MSA
MSA Fire
RAE Systems
TacticID Plus
UAV/Drones
X-Ray/Scanners
Request a Quote
Contact Us
Locations
Branch Locator
About Us
Return Policy
Contracts
Omnia Partners
Sourcewell
Account
Call Us
Home
Shopping
Categories
Tech Service
Training
My Account
Shopping Cart
Quick Order
Track Order
Trending
Medical Surge
Public Order
Vaccine Safety
Trending Blogs
Social Media
AVON
Blauer
Decon 7
DuPont
Honeywell
Lakeland
MSA
MSA Fire
RAE Systems
TacticID Plus
UAV/Drones
X-Ray/Scanners
Request a Quote
Contact Us
Locations
Branch Locator
About Us
Return Policy
Contracts
Omnia Partners
Sourcewell
Browse Categories
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Safeware respects your privacy. Safewareinc.com gathers and maintains information provided by you
and will not disclose or sell this information to anyone outside of Safeware, Inc.
Information Collected
Safeware collects information provided in various forms including: surveys, site registration,
email or mail sent to us, purchase information via our shopping cart, web related info including IP
address and other similar site traffic information.
Credit Card
Credit card information is encrypted at the time of entry and is not available to Safeware
employees after that time.
Terms Governing Sale
Purchaser agrees to be bound by all of the terms and conditions set forth herein. Any terms and
conditions set forth in any purchase order or other document or any oral communication or written
agreement which purports to be an addition to this Agreement of which is inconsistent herewith
shall not be binding upon Safeware unless made in writing and accepted by the signature of an
authorized officer or manager of Safeware. Any term or condition of sale contained in any document
prepared by or received from Purchaser by Safeware relating to the goods sold under this Agreement
which is inconsistent with any term or condition of this Agreement is hereby rejected by Safeware
and shall have no effect unless approved in a separate writing by Safeware.
Shipping Dates
Shipping dates furnished by Safeware are approximate and shall not be deemed to be fixed or
guaranteed.
Prices
All orders are subject to prices and terms of sale in effect on the date of shipment and such
prices and terms are subjected to change without prior notice to Purchaser. Unless otherwise
stated, all price quotations expire 30 days from the date of quotation and prices do not include
freight or, where applicable, any federal, state, or local taxes of any nature, all of which shall
be paid by the purchaser.
Cancellation of Orders
All cancellations of orders must be requested by Purchaser and approved by Safeware in writing.
Purchaser agrees to pay for any and all costs incurred by Safeware in connection with any
cancellation request.
Returned Goods
Only returns requested by Purchaser and approved by Safeware in writing will be permitted. Custom
or special order goods returned for any reason other than a warranty claim or Safeware error are
not returnable. Under no circumstances will goods be accepted for return after 60 days from the
date of shipment.
Credit
Notwithstanding any prior extensional credit by Safeware to Purchaser, if at any time Safeware
determines in its sole judgment, that Purchaser's financial condition does not justify Safeware's
extension to it of credit in connection with any sale hereunder, Safeware
may, at its option, require Purchaser to make full payment in cash prior to order entry,
manufacture, shipment or delivery.
Default
In the event Purchaser defaults in payment, Safeware may, in its sole discretion, suspend shipment
of goods on order. At such time, Safeware shall be entitled to all costs of collection including
court costs and attorney/collection agency fees in the event of a default of the Purchaser.
Risk of Loss
If goods are shipped directly from a manufacturer or vendor other than Safeware to Purchaser's
shipping address shown herein, the risk of loss of such goods shall not be on Safeware. Otherwise,
the risk of loss shall pass from Safeware to Purchaser upon (i) delivery to Purchaser's shipping
address, if shipped by Safeware’s vehicle or (ii) delivery to a common carrier, if shipped by
common carrier. When goods are shipped by common carrier all claims for damages or losses in
transit must be made by Purchaser directly to such common carrier. Purchaser shall be obligated to
pay the full amount of Safeware Co. invoice in accordance with the payment terms stated therein or
hereunder, notwithstanding damage in transit by or disputes with common carriers.
Limitation of Liability
With respect to any claim against Safeware arising in any way from the sale of goods hereunder
other than warranty claims, Safeware’s liability shall not exceed the purchase price of such goods.
SAFEWARE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, CONTINGENT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, BACK CHARGES. Safeware shall not be liable for damages of any kind resulting from any
delay or failure to deliver or perform due to strikes, lockouts, or other labor difficulties,
failure or delay sources of supply, transportation difficulties, accidents, fires, acts of God, or
any other cause of like or unlike nature beyond Safeware reasonable control.
Specification Changes
All manufacturers' specifications, either contained in Safeware’s catalog, promotional literature,
or on this website or in any other document are subject to change without notice to Purchaser and
without liability to Safeware.
Confirmations
Written confirmation by Purchaser of telephone or other oral or web orders must be clearly marked
"confirming" to avoid duplicate shipments. If this is not done and duplicate shipment occurs,
Purchaser's written confirmation shall be deemed to be a separate order subject to terms and
conditions of this Agreement.
Claims
Any claim against Safeware other than warranty claims must be made in writing within ten
(10) days after delivery and must state the factual basis for such claim. Failure to make any such
claim within ten (10) days of receipt of shipment shall constitute acceptance of the goods and
waiver of any and all claims with respect to such shipment. Purchaser agrees that warranty claims
shall be barred unless asserted by Purchaser by the commencement of an action within 12 months
after delivery of the goods. All provisions of this Agreement relating to warranties, remedies and
claims shall survive any termination of this Agreement however arising.
Warranties
SAFEWARE MAKES NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTY AS TO MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE, CONCERNING GOODS
SOLD HEREUNDER.
Purchasers' sole remedy with respect to defective goods purchased hereunder shall be limited to
pursuing warranty claims against the manufacturers of such goods. Safeware hereby assigns to
Purchaser all rights and warranty claims which it may have against the manufacturers of goods sold
by it hereunder. Safeware further agrees to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Purchaser
to obtain from such manufacturers, in accordance with such manufacturers' customary practices, the
repair or replacement of any goods which are defective in workmanship or material. With respect to
goods modified by Safeware at Purchaser's request, Safeware shall have no liability whatsoever in
the event that such goods' manufacturers' warranties are voided as a result of such modification.
Sales Representative
No Safeware sales representative or other employee who is not an officer or manager of Safeware
shall have authority to change or waive any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Waiver of Jury Trial
In the even of litigation relating to this Agreement or the goods sold hereunder, Purchaser hereby
agrees, to the extent permitted by law, to waive any right that it may have to a jury trial on any
and all issues that may be raised in such litigation.
No Waiver
Nothing contained herein shall be construed to limit or waive any right or remedy of Safeware under
applicable federal, state, or local laws.
Severability
The invalidity of any provision of this Agreement shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any
other provision of this Agreement.
Entire Agreement and Modification
This Agreement is intended by the parties hereto as a final expression of their agreement with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and is intended as a complete and exclusive statement of the
terms and conditions of that agreement (any prior agreement
being superseded by this Agreement and such prior agreements are hereafter null and void). This
Agreement may not be modified, rescinded, or terminated orally, and no modification, revision,
termination or attempted waiver of any of the terms, provisions or conditions hereof (including
this paragraph) shall be valid unless in writing, supported by consideration, and signed by the
party against whom the same is sought to be enforced.
Governing Law
All orders are subject to acceptance by Safeware in Maryland and this Agreement shall in all
respects be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Maryland.
4403 Forbes Blvd.
Lanham, Maryland 20706
Toll Free: 800-331-6707
Local: 301-683-1234
In case of after hours emergency, please call: 844-880-7029
If this matter is life-threatening, please dial 911.
Copright © 2020 - Safeware, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
Powered by Aldrich Web Solutions, Inc.
Preferred Items
Back to School and Work
Featured Brands
Synagro Logoed PPE
Green Products
Mobile Field Force/CDU
Miscellaneous
Seasonal Items
Arc Flash
Batteries
Communications Equipment
Computer Software and Hardware
Confined Space Equipment
Electrical Supply
Emergency Management
Equipment Cases, Storage, and Organization
Eye Protection and Accessories
Eyewash and Shower Equipment
Fall Protection
Fire Hoses Extinguishers and Accessories
First Aid, Wound Care, and Skin Protection
Footwear and Foot Protection
Forensics, Drug and Explosive Detection
Gas Detection
Gloves, Hand, and Arm Protection
Grocery Supply
Hazmat Handling, Storage, and Accessories
Head and Face Protection
Hearing Protection
Industrial Hygiene
Janitorial Supply
Jobsite Identification
K-12 Education Supply
Law Enforcement Equipment
Leg and Knee Protection
Lighting
Lockout Devices
Matting and Ergonomics
MSA Fire Protection
Water Coolers, Portable Coolers and Beverages
Pro Survival Gear
PPE Kits
Protective Clothing
Rainwear
Rescue Gear
Respiratory Protection
Robotics and Hi Tech
Safety Alarms and Warnings
Signs, Printers, and Labels
Spill Control Supplies
Thermal Imaging and Night Vision
Tools
Traffic Safety
Water Safety
Welding Equipment and Accessories
X Ray and Body Scanners