http://www.bawls.com/privacy-and-terms
Jump to navigation
Shop
ProductsFlavors
Sell Bawls
Find Bawls
News & MediaEvents & News
Fan Submitted
Famous Bawls
#BAWLSBUILD Contest
AboutCompany Info
Sponsorship
Careers
ContactContact Info
Leave Feedback
Privacy and Terms
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy explains how we use personal information collected at Bawls.com. By using our site, you accept the practices described in this privacy policy.
Supplemental information for California residents
Your California Privacy Rights: California privacy law requires us to provide California residents with specific disclosures about our privacy practices, including telling you about the information we share with other third parties for marketing purposes. You may request a copy of this information on an annual basis by contacting us at privacy@bawls.com or writing to us at Bawls Acquisition, LLC, 8840 Commons Blvd., #101, Twinsburg, OH 44087.
Collecting info.
Bawls Acquisition, LLC (“Bawls”) automatically receives and stores information using a “cookie” that contains an identification number unique to each computer. In order to protect our web site and improve our products, we log information such as page visits, browser type and operating system, your IP address and the date and time of day. [We may also log your cookie’s ID number and the URL of the last site you visited.]
We collect personal information, such as name, postal address or email address only when you submit it an email request or online form. If you contact us by email, you agree that by initiating such communications, we may send you email and other communications related to your initial or subsequent requests.
Cookie Opt-Out:
Click on this link, http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN#!%2F to take you to the Digital Advertising Alliance,  which allows you to opt out of several ad tracking cookies placed by major social media sites and other ad tracking services.
Sharing info.
We will share your information when we're legally required to provide data, such as in response to a subpoena in a civil lawsuit. We may also share business or personal information when we believe, in good faith, that release is necessary to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, employees, users, or others. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
[We may use third party service providers to help us analyze certain online activities. For example, these service providers may help us measure the performance of our online advertising campaigns or analyze visitor activity on our web site. We may permit these service providers to use cookies and other technologies, such as Web beacons or pixel tags, to perform these services for us. We do not share your personal information with third party service providers, and they do not collect such information on our behalf.]
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your business or personal information may be shared with third parties, and will be given the option to prevent the sharing of this information.
Security. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to information only for those employees or distributors of Bawls who require it for their job responsibilities. This policy does not apply to companies we do not own or control, or to individuals we do not directly employ.
In operating our web site, we may transfer business or personal information to distributors or suppliers who may be located outside of the U.S. In these circumstances, we will comply with laws applicable to such transfers and will take steps to ensure that people outside the U.S. take appropriate steps to protect business or personal information in accordance with applicable laws and this policy.
Changes. We will post information on the web site home page, if we make any significant changes to this policy.
Questions. Contact us at privacy@bawls.com if you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices.
Revised 4/2/2014
TERMS OF USE
This web site is owned and maintained by Bawls Acquisitions, LLC (“Bawls”).
By accessing this web site, you agree to be bound by these web site Terms of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
Privacy.
Our Privacy Policy also governs your use of this site. Please check the Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use regularly for updates.
Intellectual Property.
Bawls is a protected trademark in more than 40 countries. Applicable copyright, trademark or patent laws protect the materials contained in this web site, as well as other intellectual property assets owned by Bawls. Unless you have been granted written permission or license, you may not use any part of this web site, or any other intellectual property of Bawls, including its trademarks and service marks, on any other web site or other printed or electronic materials. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site is specifically prohibited.
Fan Submitted.
By submitting your photo or video to BAWLS, you grant BAWLS a non-exclusive, permanent, irrevocable, unlimited license to use the content on BAWLS.com or in future print, online or other promotional material without further consent or approval from you.
Links.
This web site includes links to other Internet web sites, provided for your convenience. We do not warrant the reliability or accuracy of content contained in any other web site. You should read the privacy and security policies at these sites.
Children.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 on this site and do not believe that our web site is targeted to young children. If you are a parent who believes your child has provided us with information, please contact privacy@bawls.com.
Governing Law.
The laws of the state of Ohio, USA, excluding Ohio’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use. Claims relating to these Terms of Use will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Summit County, Ohio, USA, and you and Bawls consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. If you are a consumer based outside the United States, you may make a claim in the courts of the country where you reside.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable, then the invalid, unlawful or unenforceable portion will be severable from the remaining provisions, and the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions will not be affected.
Changes. We reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued use of this site will constitute your acceptance of any revisions to these Terms of Use.
Revised 4/2/2014
Contact Info
Leave Feedback
The Bawls Battlecry
BAWLS is an ultra-caffeinated soda so delish that you wish it flowed from your faucet instead of water. BAWLS keeps your wits about you during your final boss fight, gets your term paper done by sunrise, and makes fatigue cower in fear. But it's no energy drink. BAWLS is a crisp, super caffeinated soda, infused with the naturally energizing Guarana berry, giving BAWLS its unique flavor.
BAWLS Guarana, break from the norm.
Contact & Connect
Contact Info
Feedback
Sponsorship
Careers
© 2017 Bawls Acquisition
Home
Shop
Products
News & Media
About
Contact
Privacy