http://www.iconfilmproductions.com/policy.html
Privacy Policy
Icon Film Productions knows that you care how information about you is used and shared,
and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting Icon Film Productions, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Icon Film Productions Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your experience at
Icon Film Productions. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our
features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customising future
shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites,
we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Icon Film Productions. A number of
companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a
personalised experience at Icon Film Productions if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from
Icon Film Productions if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from
other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive
e-mail from us please let us know and we will not send you any.
Information from Other Sources:
For reasons such as improving personalisation of our service (for example, providing better product recommendations
or special offers that we think will interest you), we might receive information about you from other sources and add it
to our account information.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable
our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as automatic login and permanent shopping carts for
storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies,
how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Icon Film Productions's coolest features, and we recommend that
you leave them turned on.
Does Icon Film Productions Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to
others. We share customer information only with the subsidiaries Icon Film Productions controls and as described below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control:
We work closely with our affiliated businesses. In some cases, these businesses operate stores at Icon Film Productions or sell
offerings to you at Icon Film Productions. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly
with these businesses. You can tell when another business is involved in your transactions, and we share customer
information related to those transactions with that business.
Agents:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information
from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing
customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for
other purposes.
Promotional Offers:
Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Icon Film Productions customers on behalf of other businesses.
When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers,
please adjust your account newsletter preference as that is how we will send out our promotions.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information
generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Icon Film Productions, or substantially
all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Icon Film Productions and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law;
enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other
agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Icon Film Productions, our users, or others. This includes exchanging
information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties,
and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a ask a question
or to take advantage of an offer.
Children
Icon Film Productions does not sell products to children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18, you may use Icon Film Productions only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Icon Film Productions, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and
our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law.
If you have any concern about privacy at Icon Film Productions, please send us
a thorough description to
info@iconfilmproductions.com, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly.
This Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also, and use of information that we
gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and
conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, bid, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire,
or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; make an order
or an Auction bid; provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one
e-mail address when comunicating with us); communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or
a contest entry form; by providing employer, school, or other such information; participate in Discussion Boards;
provide and rate Reviews. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address,
and phone number; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and phone number; other people;
content of reviews and e-mails to us; and financial information, including Social Security and driver\'s license numbers.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your
computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type
and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to,
through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number; and products you viewed or searched for.
GALLERY |
CORPORATE VIDEO |
TIPS |
PACKAGES |
ABOUT US |
CONTACT |
VIDEO |
EMAIL |
HOME |
LINKS |
PRIVACY POLICY |
CONDITIONS OF USE |
VIDEO SAMPLE |
WEDDING DIRECTORY |
WEDDING FORUM |
WEDDING PLANNER |
BOOKING
© Copyright, Icon Film Productions. All Rights Reserved.