https://www.lowtax.net/privacy.html
Back To Top
Privacy And Cookie Policy
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy and Cookie Policy is for the Lowtax Network including: lowtax.net; tax-news.com; expatbriefing.com; lawandtax-news.com; offshore-e-com.com; treatypro.com; offshoretrustsguide.com, and related services.
The Lowtax Network is owned and operated by Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations).
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under the GDPR, DPA and PECR are adhered to. Additionally, it will explain the use of cookies or software, advertising or commercial sponsorship from third parties and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on the Lowtax Network. Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties (if any) interact with you and your computer / device in order to serve it to you. If you have any questions please contact administrator@wolterskluwerbsi.com.
YOUR CONSENT
Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Like many web sites, this site actively collects information from its visitors both by asking you specific questions and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and so on).
Some areas of the Lowtax Network sites may require you to submit information in order for you to benefit from the specified features (such as e-mail alerts or newsletter subscriptions). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what for.
As you navigate through a Web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol addresses, cookies, Internet tags and navigational data collection.
USE OF COOKIES
The Lowtax Network uses “cookies”. A cookie is a small text file that’s stored on your computer, tablet, or phone when you visit a website that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences.
Some cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
These are known as session cookies.
Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache.
These are known as persistent cookies and enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor.
The cookies we use allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Our cookies also enable us to tailor the content you view according to preferences you set.
We use Session Cookies for the following purposes:
» To allow you to carry information across pages of our website and avoid having to re-enter information.
» Within registration to allow you to access stored information.
» To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our website and to help us improve the structure of our website.
We use Persistent Cookies for the following purposes:
» To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content to match your preferred interests.
» To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our website and to help us improve the structure of our website.
» To internally identify you by account name, email address, customer ID, and location (geographic and computer ID/IP address).
» To tailor content to your preferences.
Third parties serve cookies via this website. These Third Party Cookies are used for the following purposes:
» To serve content on our site and track whether this content is clicked on by users.
» To control how often you are shown particular content.
» To count the number of anonymous users of our site. For website usage analysis.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
IP Addresses
This site uses Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer). We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site, and administer and improve the site.
WEBSITE VISITOR TRACKING
The Lowtax Network uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics to give us insight into how our users interact with the website. The information collected is anonymous and statistical in nature, including the number of visitors to the website, where they have come to the site from and the pages they have visited. More information can be found at: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
You can also set your browser to block the placing of cookies at all, but you should realise that this can limit the use of our website or services.
TWITTER COOKIES
On sites that have the Twitter feed enabled, Twitter may set cookies. For more details on what information Twitter collects, please visit their website: https://twitter.com/privacy
POP-UPS AND POP-UNDERS
When you close a pop-up or pop-under box, a cookie will be set on your machine to remember your preference.
The cookie will be destroyed when you close your browser; this means that the pop-up will display again the next time you visit the website.
ADVERTS AND SPONSORED LINKS
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertiser’s website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computer’s hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
DOWNLOADS AND MEDIA FILES
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on the Lowtax Network are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti-virus software or similar applications.
CONTACT AND COMMUNICATION
Users contacting us through the Lowtax Network do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named above.
EMAIL MARKETING MAILING LIST AND MARKETING MESSAGES
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services, news we publish, and in addition mailings on behalf of our partners and affiliates.
Users can subscribe through an online automated process where they have given their explicit permission. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named above. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, by the link included within sent marketing messages or by contacting us directly. The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, including content from third parties, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
Our email marketing service provider is Savicom and you can read their privacy and other policies by visiting their website at http://www.savicom.com.
EXTERNAL WEBSITE LINKS AND THIRD PARTIES
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. External links include clickable text, banner and image links to other websites.
Shortened URL's; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URLs to something substantially shorter. This technique is often used in social media and look similar to ‘https://bit.ly/2HMS0QO’. Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked websites despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY AND USAGE
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
USE OF INFORMATION
Except as otherwise stated, we may use your information to improve the content of our site, to customize the site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Policy. We may disclose your personally identifiable information where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request access to personal data which we may process about you. If you wish to exercise this right you should: put your request in writing and post it to the address below; include proof of your identity and address (e.g. a copy of your driving licence or passport, and a recent utility or credit card bill); specify the personal data you want access to, including any account or reference numbers where applicable.
You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. If you wish to exercise this right you should: put your request in writing and post it to the address below; provide us with enough information to identify you (e.g. account number, username, registration details); specify the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced with.
You also have the right to ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise this right you should: put your request in writing (an email sent to administrator@wolterskluwertaa.com with a header that says ‘Unsubscribe’ is acceptable); provide us with enough information to identify you (e.g. account number, username, registration details); if your objection is not to direct marketing in general, but to direct marketing by a particular channel (e.g. email or telephone) please specify the channel you are objecting to;
Our contact details:
Wolters Kluwer (BSI) Limited
Creative Media Centre
45 Robertson Street
Hastings
East Sussex
TN34 1HL
CHANGES
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version which will apply each time you access the Lowtax Network.
FURTHER INFORMATION
If you have any queries regarding these terms and conditions please contact administrator@wolterskluwerbsi.com.
This document was last updated on 17th August 2018.
More Content
Contributed Articles
Contributed Press Releases
Archive
Tax Cartoons
The World of Offshore and its Future
World Tax Rates Table
Tax Glossary
Newsletters
Useful Links
Advertising and Content Solutions
Event Listings
Listings for the leading worldwide conferences and events in accounting, investment, banking and finance, transfer pricing, corporate taxation and more...
See Event Listings »
Selected
Partner Content
Global Incorporation Guide
Tax-News.com
Daily Alert Service
World Budget News and Information
Latest Blogs, Articles & Features
Taxing The Zeroes And Ones
Value Added News...
Compliance On The Cards...
While US Spins Its Wheels, European Wheels Keep Turning...
Hong Kong International Focus
All Change Please... Or Plus Ca Change?