https://www.seasafe.co.uk/privacy-policy/
standard-title
Privacy Policy
Important Information
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Search for:
×
SeaSafe is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalised shopping experience. No information collected by us on this site will be sold, rented or loaned except as expressly stated in this privacy policy and consented to by you.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
We will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided, for example, at the time of registration (if applicable) or at the time of ordering. This data is referred to in this policy as ‘personal information’.
When you order online, by telephone, or by order form, we collect personal information such as your name, e-mail address, delivery address, telephone number, credit or debit card number and the card’s expiry date. This allows us to process and fulfil your order(s) and to notify you about the status of your order(s).
We will also collect non-transactional data should you enter a competition, request a brochure, take part in a survey, request an e-newsletter or contact www.seasafe.co.uk via one of the electronic forms provided.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about news and information about goods and services we think you may find valuable including new www.seasafe.co.uk services and important functionality changes to the website.
At every point on the site where such personal information is collected, we give you the option to tell us if you do not want your personal information used in this way. If at any later stage, you decide you would rather not receive such information please contact us online at info@seasafe.co.uk stating in the subject ‘Remove from all promotions and advertising’. We will remove you as soon as it is possible.
To view our full Website Privacy Statement Please Click Here
PrivacyPrivacy Policy
Website Privacy Document
Contact