https://www.peaces.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - PeacesPeaces
health inspiration motivation life
Home
SHOP FOR YOUR HEALTH
180 Nutrition
Boli Naturals
GEO Essential Oils
Naked Nutrition
Pharmaca
Supplement Hunt
Life at its Best – a resource
Privacy Policy
Peaces' is concerned about your privacy. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy covers Peaces' treatment of personal information that Peaces' collects when you use the Peaces' site, and when you use Peaces' services. This policy also covers Peaces' treatment of any personal information that Peaces' business partners share with Peaces' or that Peaces' may collect on a partner's site.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Peaces' does not own or control, or to people that Peaces' does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Peaces' collects personal information when you become a Peaces' artist, when you use Peaces' products or services, when you visit Peaces' pages. Peaces' may also receive personal information from our business partners.
When you interact with Peaces', we may ask for your email address and birth date. Once you provide your information to Peaces' and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Peaces' also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser Peaces' cookie information and the page you requested.
Peaces' uses information for three general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to provide traffic statistics. None of the statistics reported include personal information about any Peaces' user.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Peaces' will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
Peaces' may send personal information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Peaces' to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personal information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or We find that your actions on our web sites violate the Peaces' Terms of Service, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Cookies
Peaces' may set and access Peaces' cookies on your computer.
Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Peaces''s cookies.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
Peaces' gives you the ability to edit your Peaces' Account Information and preferences at any time.
Security
Your Peaces' Account Information is password-protected for your privacy and security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Peaces' may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
E-mail: Contact Us
Peaces © 2020 Privacy Policy
Home
Latest Blog Posts
Contact