http://www.decaturplastics.com/privacy_policy.html
Call Us:   +1 (812) 346-5159  rileygw@decaturplastics.com
Home | About Us | Locations | Contact Us | Request a Quote
:: Custom Injection Molding    (Thermoplastic) :: Flocking (Fiber Coating):: Assembly and Finishing:: Equipment List:: Quality Assurance:: The True Cost of Poor Quality :: Case Histories :: Product Listing
Privacy Policy
Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected If you request or submit information to Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "request for information" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others This notice addresses only the policy of Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. website and not the sites that users access via links from our site. Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from Decatur Plastic Products, Inc., please send an e-mail via the feedback form, with "Remove personal information" in the subject line. To update, change, or correct your personal information, please send an e-mail via the feedback form with the appropriate changes.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes Please note that Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. and is effective as of November 6, 2008. This statement does not create an agreement between Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
For inquiries contact:Decatur Plastic Products, Inc. 3250 N. State Highway 7North Vernon, IN 47265 Telephone +1(812) 346-5159  Facsimile +1(812) 346-5210 www.DecaturPlastics.com rileygw@decaturplastics.com
Decatur Plastic Products - Solutions Start Here
Decatur Plastic Products, 3250 N. State Highway 7, North Vernon, IN 47265 USA • Telephone +1 (812) 346-5159 • Facsimile +1 (812) 346-5210
Mailing Address: Post Office Box 1079, North Vernon, IN 47265 USA • www.DecaturPlastics.com • rileygw@decaturplastics.com • Privacy Policy • Site Map