https://www.orionhealth.com/global/privacy-policy/privacy-policy/
Global
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Orion Health
Privacy Policy
This policy describes our practices in regard to information obtained via this website
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy applies to Orion Health's use of personal information provided by you to Orion Health via this website, over the phone, via email or through any other form of communication with Orion Health. It also applies to other personal information about you that may be made available to us when you visit our website, or our social media pages.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information managed by Orion Health software applications (including clinical records). Where Orion Health manages this information on our customers' behalf, we do so in accordance with data protection laws and strict privacy and security requirements in our contractual agreements with our customers.
Orion Health is committed to protecting your personal information. Whenever you provide us personal information, we will comply with all applicable data protection and privacy laws in your country.
This Privacy Policy explains:
What personal information Orion Health may collect about you
How Orion Health may use your personal information
Who else may see or use your personal information
Your rights regarding your personal information
Who are we?
Orion Health is a global company that develops software solutions to drive efficiency in healthcare and improve healthcare outcomes. When we refer to ''we'' or ''our'' or ''Orion Health'' we are referring to our New Zealand parent company Orion Health Group Limited and its local subsidiary companies located in the regions we operate in.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy you can write to Orion Health's Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@orionhealth.com.
What information will Orion Health collect about me?
While visiting this website or our social media pages, Orion Health may collect personal information about you when you order products or services, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected may include your name, your company name, address, telephone number, fax number, email address, contact and billing information, depending on what you provide us. Orion Health also uses cookies and collects IP addresses (a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) and other information about your computer or device. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information.
What will Orion Health use my personal information for?
Orion Health may use your personal information for its legitimate business interests, including the following activities:
Responding to your requests
We will use your contact details to provide you with information about our products and services in response to your requests made via the website.
Sales and Marketing
We may use your personal information to contact you to see whether you are interested in our products and services, or to send you general information about our products and service, newsletters, invitations to events or updates on Orion Health and our customers, i.e. customer case studies.
You can opt-out of direct marketing emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the email, or writing to the Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@orionhealth.com.
We may use your information together with other people's information in anonymised and aggregated form (so that it is not identifiable to you) for marketing and strategic development purposes, and may disclose it to third parties for this purpose. We do not sell or trade your information.
Website and Social Media Management and Improvement
We use cookies and third party analytics services such as Google Analytics on our website and social media pages to:
remember your settings during and between visits (for example, your region)
see what you are doing on the website and how often you visit
allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
block any disruptive use
perform data analysis and research to improve our website and services
The use of cookies on our website and how you can reject cookies is explained in our Cookies Policy.
Will Orion Health share my information with anyone else?
Generally, Orion Health will not share your personal information outside our organisation. Your information may be processed by third party suppliers we use, for example digital marketing and analytics service providers and cloud-based application providers like Microsoft.
Will my personal information leave the country?
Any personal information you provide to us will be held in our third party marketing supplier's database located in Australia, as well as Orion Health's internal systems hosted in New Zealand and/or the cloud-based applications we use hosted in other countries. Your personal information will be accessed by our sales and marketing teams located in our head office in New Zealand and other Orion Health offices around the world for the purposes described in this policy. Orion Health insures that there are adequate privacy and security arrangements in place wherever your information is accessed by way of strict privacy and security obligations in inter-company agreements and in our agreements with third parties. Copies of these agreements are available to you upon request.
How we protect your information
Orion Health actively seeks to maintain the privacy of our online visitors, and we have constructed and administer this website accordingly. To prevent unauthorised use, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
How long will Orion Health keep my information?
We will stop contacting you for marketing purposes if you ask us to, or once you no longer engage with us. From this point we may retain your information in an 'unmarketable' list for the purposes of ensuring we no longer contact you.
Your Rights
You have rights under applicable laws to access personal information the company holds about you, and have it corrected where necessary, subject to some exceptions. Depending on the country you reside in, you may also have rights to access your personal information in a portable, electronic format, a right to have your personal information erased, a right to know the third parties with whom your personal information has been shared with and/or a right to object to Orion Health processing your personal information. You also have rights, under applicable laws, to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection or privacy authorities if you believe Orion Health is not handling your personal information in accordance with the law, and you may have rights to compensation in this case. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email the Privacy Officer at privacy@orionhealth.com.
What if I am under 18?
If you are aged 18 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission before you provide any personal information to Orion Health. Orion Health does not knowingly solicit, collect, or accept any information from or about children via this website. If we become aware that a person submitting personal information through any part of our website is a child, we delete the information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any purpose, nor do we disclose it to third parties.
Since we do not seek to collect any personal information about children, and we delete any information collected inadvertently as soon as we discover that a child has submitted it, we typically retain no information about children that could be reviewed or deleted. If a parent requests review or deletion of information about their child before we have discovered and deleted the information, then we will of course honour that request.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to submit personal information to Orion Health.
Close
Products
Enterprise
Enterprise Clinicals
Enterprise Administration
Amadeus
Amadeus Intelligence
Coordinate
Care Pathways
Clinical Referrals
Medicines
Discover
Engage
Consult
Services
Managed Services
Application Managed Services
Education Services
OH Intelligence services – Data Science Consulting
Virtual Care
Knowledge Hub
Blog
Customer Stories
Patient Stories
White Papers
Reports
Webinars
Videos
Newsroom
Podcasts
Solutions for
Hospitals and Health Systems
Private Health Insurers
Interoperability
Population Health Management
Precision Medicine
Outbreak Management Solution
Strategic Partners
Support
Documentation
Licenses
Support Tracker
Careers
Job Search
About Us
Our Story
Our Story
Timeline
Events
Arab Health
Contact Us
Region:
Global
USA
UK & Ireland
New Zealand
Australia
Canada
Global
This is the
Global
website. Click here to change region.
×