https://www.spoce.com/terms-conditions
Product was successfully added to your shopping cart.
Review Order
Continue Browsing
Home
/
Terms & Conditions | SPOCE Project Management
Terms, Conditions
and Policies Please see our terms and conditions below. If you have any questions or would like any further information please contact us using the details above.
Open/Public Events
SPOCE run 'open' courses at various locations worldwide.
At each course, SPOCE will use a suitable venue and an appropriate Approved Trainer, and will aim to train between 4 and 16 Delegates (numbers may vary on virtual classroom training).
Pre-course reading materials may be supplied to each Delegate prior to the event.
SPOCE will deliver the course content as advertised or described in our quotation.
By placing the order, you confirm that you have the delegates' permission to receive communications (inc. results) from SPOCE on their behalf.
SPOCE reserve the right to cancel or re-schedule any open course.
Delegates not be able to attend a 'Re-scheduled' course will be refunded the invoiced value, less the value of any non-returned or opened 'pre-course' materials (This is not available to Finance Option clients). SPOCE cannot cover the reimbursement of any costs incurred due to the cancellation or re-scheduling of the course (e.g. travel/hotel etc).
When the 'Open' Event is 'Residential', SPOCE will reserve a Hotel room for the duration of the course.
This will be confirmed in our 'Joining Instructions' issued to each Delegate at least three weeks prior to the event.
ALL materials supplied remain the property of SPOCE until payment is received in full.
Materials will be despatched within two working days of the completed order by Royal Mail or suitable courier. Copyright exists on all materials supplied in any form.
Copying, transfer or storage by whatever means may only be performed with the express written permission of the Directors of SPOCE Project Management Ltd.
Examinations are booked on the delegates' behalf with the appropriate Examination Institute and cancellation of any exam after confirmation will not be eligible for any refund.
Selected classroom-based courses are offered with the SPOCE ‘Safe Hands’ guarantee. This guarantee provides a free exam resit should you fail at the first attempt. Full details are available at www.spoce.com/safe-hands-guarantee.
Open/Public Event Cancellation and Course Transfer Charges
Cancellation or Course Transfer Requests must be made either in writing or by e-mail to the Course Administrator.
Cancellation From date of acknowledgement by SPOCE, the cancellation charges are:-
More than 20 working days before the course start date:- £100+VAT
11-20 working days before the course start date: - 30% of the full fees.
Within 10 working days of the course start date: - 100% of the full fees.
Transfers are only allowed, at our discretion, for up to 3 months of the original course start date and will incur the following charges:-
More than 20 working days before the course start date:- £50+VAT
11-20 working days before the course start date: - 15% of the full fees.
Within 10 working days of the course start date: - 50% of the full fees.
Corporate/Client Events
Where Delegates (maximum 16) are required to be trained on-site, the Client may organize his/her own event using the venue of their choice.
The venue should be equipped with tables and chairs which can be arranged 'U-shaped' for training and 'Classroom-style' for the examinations.
The room should be equipped with an Over Head Projector (OHP) and/or Multimedia LCD Projector and screen and an A1 flip-chart or White-board with a supply of suitable coloured pens.
Refreshment (Tea/Coffee) and Washroom facilities should be available nearby. A 240V supply would be required to operate a demonstration Laptop computer and/or LCD Projector.
All dealings with the Client will be through the clients own appointed Course Administrator. Under the terms of the Data Protection Act, the Client Course Administrator must have the delegates' permission to receive communications (inc. results) from SPOCE on their behalf.
SPOCE will deliver the course content as described in our quotation.
SPOCE will provide pre-course reading materials prior to the commencement of the course. These will be sent to the Clients Course Administrator when confirmation of a booking has been received.
Details of Delegates attending a course must be forwarded to SPOCE at least 2 weeks prior to the commencement of the event. (4 weeks for non-UK-based courses). Failure to do so could lead to the Delegates not being registered for the Examinations. Examinations are booked on the delegate's behalf with the appropriate Examination Institute and cancellation of any exam after confirmation will not be eligible for any refund.
SPOCE reserve the right to cancel or discontinue the course if, in the Trainers opinion, the venue or conditions are unsuitable.
ALL materials supplied remain the property of SPOCE until payment has been received in full. Copyright exists on all materials supplied in any form. Copying, transfer or storage by whatever means may only be performed with the express written permission of the Directors of SPOCE Project Management Ltd.
Corporate/Client Event Cancellation and Course Transfer Charges
Cancellation or Course Transfer Requests must be made either in writing or by e-mail to the Course Administrator.
From date of acknowledgement by SPOCE the cancellation charges are:-
More than 20 working days before the course start date: - No Charge
11-20 working days before the course start date: - 20% of the full fees.
Within 10 days of the course start date: - 100% of the full fees.
Where a Course Date is postponed by the Client, the above charges will apply. The cost of all course materials supplied will be charged.
Ownership of materials supplied will pass to the Client following payment of the above charges
All business shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the Client submits to the jurisdiction of the English Courts. Prices are shown in Pounds Sterling (GBP).
Passport e-Learning and ONLIVE Products and Online Exams
Passport e-learning products are valid for a specified period (typically 7 days to 12 months) from the date of purchase. The software/learning content is assured and updated at no additional cost within the licence period. A valid email address and contact number must be supplied at the time of registration to facilitate the registration process.
All examinations/workshops/blended-learning purchased to support the e-Learning are valid only for the duration of the Passport e-Learning licence period. Exams can be booked up to a maximum of 30 days in advance. Cancellation of any exam after confirmation will not be eligible for any refund.
If you wish to sit the exams outside of your 1 month exam license period, there will be a £149 + VAT charge. This charge covers a 6-month exam and e-learning extension. You must let us know you want this extended before the e-learning license expiry date to avoid incurring another full exam charge.
If you wish to change a scheduled APM exam date / time, an admin fee of £65 + VAT must be paid.
If you are absent for an APM exam, a full exam fee will be charged before rebooking a new exam slot.
Following the licence period, replacement/additional exams can be purchased at the published price. SPOCE reserve the right to postpone/refuse any examination resit should the delegate fail to demonstrate sufficient learning progress. Course and Exam Voucher redemption is subject to valid payment by the
Customer/Provider.
Subscriptions:
Our continuous subscription plan allows your e-learning licence and exam entitlement to be extended by monthly payments. For an initial payment, you can enrol on the scheme for a minimum of 4 months after which your continuous subscription will be taken monthly typically 30 days in advance. You may cancel anytime with a 30 Days notice. To cancel your subscriptions, please email subs@spoce.com and make sure you get a confirmation that no further payments will be taken. Your licence (and exams if any) will not then be renewed and will expire within 30 days. Please note the PRINCE2 2017 Free Upgrade option is subject to a minimum term of 6 months, normal 30 days notice applicable thereafter.
The Learning Management System provides chat and forum facilities. Delegates should be aware that these facilities may be monitored/moderated and
that any information provided will be attributed to their login name and made available to the wider audience. Delegates are reminded not to raise
anything which may be commercially sensitive, defamatory or abusive.
To book your exam during your licence period, please email examadmin@spoce.com giving three week's notice of your preferred exam date and we will make the necessary arrangements. Exams can be booked up to a maximum of
30 days in advance.
ONLIVE products are presented ‘live’ over the internet by an accredited trainer to a number of delegates.
Each product is presented over a number of days, and at varying schedules to allow delegates to choose when to study.
Each session may be recorded and made available to both ONLIVE delegates and other SPOCE clients.
ONLIVE delegates should be aware that any chat, discussion or comment made on the live presentation will be attributed to their username and will be visible as part of the recorded sessions.
Delegates are reminded not to raise anything which may be commercial sensitive, defamatory or abusive.
ONLIVE delegates can book their exam simply be emailing examadmin@spoce.com giving three week's notice of their preferred exam date and we will make the necessary arrangements. Exams can be booked up to a maximum of 30 days in advance.
Purchases
All purchases made on www.spoce.com or www.spoce.co.uk may be returned, at the purchaser’s expense, un-used within 14 days of purchase for a full refund.
Due to the nature of the software products, by redeeming/installing/registering Passport e-Learning products or vouchers you waive the right to any refund.
Demo products are available to allow the client to be assured that the full product will work on their systems before purchase.
Personal Finance Option
In order that we can provide our clients with affordable access to professional training, SPOCE can assist you to arrange finance (0% APR representative) for your course via PayItMonthly.uk. Simply contact our sales team by email sales@spoce.com or by phone on +44 (0) 1202 736373. Personal finance can be arranged for open/public events between £100 and £3000. Unfortunately, this is not available for corporate/client events.
0% finance is available for Classroom-based and ONLIVE training courses as listed on our website www.spoce.com. Finance is regrettably not available for Blended, e-learning or discounted courses. By proceeding with any such agreement please be advised that you are consenting to a credit check being made with the credit reference agencies (CRAs).
Under this finance arrangement, your course cost will be repayable by a non-refundable deposit followed by between 3 and 12 equal monthly payments, with the total repayable equal to the original purchase cost. Your deposit will be taken from your credit/debit card and subsequent monthly payments by Direct Debit from a suitable bank account under the name PayItMonthly FlexP. After the 14-day cooling-off period, or course attendance, whichever is earlier, your finance cannot be cancelled. Refunds are not available under the Personal Finance Option. If you need to re-schedule (transfer) your course, the transfer charges above apply – payable immediately by card as these cannot be added to the PFO. If SPOCE have to cancel a course, alternative dates and locations will be provided.
The finance is provided and administered by PayItMonthly Ltd a limited liability company registered in England under company number 09719909 whose registered address is 2.2 Montpellier House, Montpellier Drive, Cheltenham GL50 1TY. VAT number: 227 9378 70. For any queries regarding your finance, you should contact https://payitmonthly.uk/contact-us/
Course Changes
We reserve the right to swap any classroom training course/event into a OnLive Virtual training event in the interest of all concerned. Delegates will not be charged any additional fee if the decision to swap is made by SPOCE. In some exceptional circumstances the swap might entail an accredited eLearning package.
GDPR
GDPR requires that organisations take care to ensure that data within their systems is processed fairly, timely and securely.
To ensure that we can provide product and implementation support to our clients during their course and into the implementation of their learning into practice, we record certain information regarding the client, including name, email and phone contact details, delivery and invoice details, purchase history, exam details.
The client can optionally subscribe to any of our newsletters or marketing materials.
The client can change this subscription preference at any time via their www.spoce.com account or a link on each newsletter.
Certain client data will be made available to the partner, accredited trainer, accredited body and the examining institutes solely for the purpose of conducting the training course, booking of exams, assessment and certification.
The SPOCE privacy policy/notice
It explains what we do with your personal information, why we want to use it, how we protect it and what rights you have to control our use of your personal data.
The most important fact is that it’s your personal data. We have complete respect for your rights and we will only use it where necessary to deliver our services to you or your business, or to keep you up to date about developments in our products.
Information about usSPOCE Project Management Ltd acts as both Data Controller and Data Processor. Our trading address is West Wing, Briggs House, 26 Commercial Road, Poole, Dorset BH14 0JR.
We are registered in England, No. 2980254. If you want to contact us about any of the points in this notice, or just generally about how we protect your privacy, please email us at support@spoce.com.
The Purpose and Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
We use information for a few different purposes and these each have a different lawful basis.
If you are an existing SPOCE Customer, we hold your name and full contact details because we have a contractual obligation to deliver services to you. We need your contact details to deliver our services (such as send you update emails when you need to take actions, update you on our products, send you invoices and so on.) We also use your data to make our products and services smarter, faster, secure, integrated and useful to you.
We also use information about you and your purchases to ensure we can keep you abreast of changes which may affect your use of the products or any certifications/qualifications based thereon. We will continue to hold your information for six years from the date of your latest purchase for legal records.
If you are a previous SPOCE customer, in the six year period following the end of your subscription, we may continue to contact you with information about our services because we think you will find it useful. We believe we have a legitimate interest in this direct marketing activity (and this is also permitted under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations or “PECR”) but you are always able to unsubscribe by clicking the link at the bottom of the emails we send, or by emailing us at support@spoce.com.
If you are a supplier or other business associated with SPOCE’s field of work, we will hold your contact details because we have a legitimate interest in doing business with your company. We will aim to hold this information for three years since we were last in contact with you.
If you visit our website, we use Google Analytics to track user activity so we can improve our services and products. We may record your computer’s IP address so we can tell how each user and repeat visitor is using our site. Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We have a legitimate interest in tracking user journeys on the site so that we can improve our services and products. You can find out more about Google’s privacy by visiting https://policies.google.com/privacy. We may also offer you targeted offers in relation to your activity. We will hold IP information for a maximum of six years from the time of your last visit to our site.
If you’re not an existing customer, we may have your contact details on our marketing list so we can send you emails and newsletters about our services and products, along with information we think you may find useful. We will only send you this information if we have your consent (which you gave to us by ticking a consent box when you signed up to our lists or agreed to verbally over the phone). You may withdraw consent at any time – usually this is easiest by ticking the ‘unsubscribe’ option at the bottom of the information we send to you. You can also email us at support@spoce.com at any time. Please note that if you do this, we will delete your records on our marketing list. If you remain on our marketing list, we will hold your information for three years from the time we last checked that you wanted to receive communication from us.
If you call us, we may monitor and record communications with you, including emails and phone conversations. Any information we collect may be used for the daily operations of the business, training purposes and to ensure we fulfil our legal and regulatory obligations.
Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The list below describes the cookies we use on the site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use the site, or delete cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called Incognito in Chrome, InPrivate for Internet Explorer, Private Browsing in Firefox and Safari etc).
First Party Cookies are cookies that are set by the website directly and include Session Cookies and Google Analytics Cookies.
Session Cookies are used to remember your login for you if you are a registered user and we deem these as being strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled, then various site functionality will be broken. Session cookies also allow users to be recognised within a website so any page changes or item or data selection you make is remembered from page to page. The most common example of this is a ‘shopping cart’ functionality which means that your selection is remembered as you browse an e-commerce site.
Third Party Cookies are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site which allow visitors to share content on social networks. Cookies are currently set by LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Live Chat and Google+. In order to implement these buttons and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that some of these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing around the internet, including our site. If you are concerned, you should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete such information.
The help menu on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Who We Share your Personal Data With
We use a number of different training providers and examination institutes (acting as data processors) who provide subject-matter related training and/or examinations to enable us to operate our business and the services we provide to our customers. Your personal data may be transferred to these data processors who generally fall under the following categories:
Website analytics, Website and Data Hosting service providers
Email, contacts and calendar service providers
Telephone network service providers
Accounting software service providers
Finance Option providers
For security reasons (to reduce the risk of phishing attacks on our customers) we do not name all our service providers in this privacy notice. The types of personal data we hold about you (and that may be transferred to our data processors) are set out above. Please contact us at support@spoce.com if you want further information on specific data processors or the types of personal data they process for us.
Other Circumstances in which we may share personal data with third parties
We may also share your personal data with the following third parties in certain circumstances:
We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities (such as regulatory bodies) if required by applicable law.
We may share personal information with third parties to whom we choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our organisation or assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other organisations or merge with them. If a change happens in our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We may share personal information with professional advisors such as lawyers, accountants, or auditors in order for them to provide legal, accounting or auditing services to us.
We will not sell or rent your information to third parties and we will never share your information with third parties for marketing purposes other than our own marketing activity.
International Transfers of Personal Data and the Measures in Place to Safeguard It
We do not directly transfer any of your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). However, some of our data processors may do so and this section explains the impact of these international transfers and how your information is protected.
Many of our data processors operate ‘cloud-based systems’, which means the information is held in information data centres in different locations. All the cloud-based systems we use reserve the right to hold copies of your personal information outside the EEA to hold back-up copies, so they can guarantee recovery.
In each case we and / or our processors use one or more of the following means that are designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of abuse:
Certain processors may transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Providers storing data in the U.S. may be self-certified to the EU-US Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to the personal data shared between Europe and the U.S.
Please contact us at support@spoce.com if you want further information on the specific mechanisms used by our data processors when transferring your personal data outside of the EEA.
Your Personal Data Rights
The personal data we hold about you is your data, so you have certain rights over it. This section summarises your rights. You can exercise any or all of these rights when you choose, and the easiest way is by dropping us an email at support@spoce.com.
Where we are processing your data based on your consent (e.g. for marketing purposes) you can withdraw that consent and we must immediately stop processing your data. Please note that up to that point, we’re acting lawfully with your consent, withdrawal of consent cannot be backdated.
You have the right to request a copy of all personal data we hold relating to you and we must provide this within 30 days. You also have the right to require us to correct any records that are wrong.
You have the right to require us to erase personal data and we must comply unless we need it for one of the purposes described above (for example, if we hold a live contract for you). We also retain the right to keep data that is needed to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim.
Where we process your data based on a ‘legitimate interest’ (underlined in the section on Purpose and Lawful basis, above) you still have the right to object to our processing of that data. From that point, we must stop processing your data until we have determined whether your rights override our interests.
Finally, you may have the right to have your personal data transferred to another organisation and we’re obliged to provide it to you in a clear and reasonable format.
Other Purposes for Processing Personal Data
We don’t process your personal data for any other purpose than we’ve described here. We won’t sell your personal data to other companies.
As we develop the SPOCE range of products, we might add a new data process to our platform that uses your personal information. Should we decide that we want to develop a new processing purpose, we will contact you to let you know what we intend to do, the lawful basis we will use, and your rights over our intended new processing. We’ll also publish information about it here.
Our Contractual Requirements to Use Your Personal Data
If you’re a SPOCE customer or supplier, it’s a requirement that we collect personal information from you so that we can enter into a contract with your company.
Complaint policy and procedure
SPOCE is committed to providing a high quality service to everyone we deal with. We treat as a complaint any expression of dissatisfaction with our service which calls for a response. We listen to your complaints, treat them seriously, and learn from them so that we can continuously improve our service.
You can make a complaint in a number of ways:
by e-mail: support@spoce.com
by telephone: 01202 736373
or by post to: SPOCE Head Ofiice, Briggs House, 26 commercial road, Poole, Dorset BH14 0JR
Your Right to Lodge a Complaint with the Regulator
At all times, you have the right to report a concern or lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Please refer to the ICO at https://ico.org.uk or by calling them on 0303 123 1113.
Of course, we hope that we can resolve your issue quickly and fairly – you can contact us at support@spoce.com.
SPOCE Project Management Ltd is an Accredited Training Organisation based and registered in the United Kingdom under Register Number 2980254.
We can be contacted at West Wing - Briggs House, 26 Commercial Road, Poole, Dorset BH14 0JR. Tel: +44 (0) 1202 736373 Email: info@spoce.com
The conditions & policies supersede all previous issues -
FM0070v23 September 2020
# E & OE - prices exclude VAT which will be added at the ruling rate at the checkout
My Account
Terms, Conditions and Policies
IPR Acknowledgements
My account
Orders history
Advanced search
Sitemap
Contact Information
Address:
Briggs House, 26 Commercial Road, Poole, Dorset BH14 0JR
Phone:
+44 (0)1202 736373
Email: info@spoce.com
Working Days/Hours:Mon - Fri / 9:00AM - 5:00PM
Top Courses
PRINCE2® Project Management
PRINCE2 Agile®
MSP® Programme Management
AgilePM®
Change Management
ITIL® Service Management
GDPR - Accredited eLearning and Certification
ONLIVE
Virtual Classroom Training
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW
Get all the latest information on Events,Sales and Offers. Sign up for newsletter today.
Please enter your contact details below
Preferences:
Email
Phone
IM
Post
Would you like to hear from our approved partners Yes
Enable SPOCE Notifications
©Copyright 2020. SPOCE Project Management Ltd.
Courses
Menu
All Courses
Agile & Project
Courses
All Agile & Project Courses
AgilePM® Project Management
Back To All
AgilePM® Training
AgilePM® Course Dates
AgilePM® Course Outlines
Back To All
AgilePM® Foundation Course
AgilePM® Practitioner Upgrade
AgilePM® Foundation & Practitioner
AgilePM® Distance & Online
AgilePM® Exam Only Packs
AgilePM® Client Courses
AgilePM® Overview
AgilePM®
ONLIVE
APM Project Management
Back To All
APM Training
APM Course Dates
APM® Course Outlines
Back To All
APM-IC/APM - PFQ
APMP/APM - PMQ Certification
APM - PMQ For PRINCE2® Practitioners
APM Online & Distance Learning
APM Client Courses
APM Overview
APM ONLIVE
Microsoft® Project
Back To All
Microsoft® Project Introduction
Microsoft® Project Intro & Advanced
Microsoft® Project eLearning
MS Project Client Courses
Microsoft® Project Overview
New
Microsoft® Teams eLearning
PRINCE2®
Back To All
PRINCE2® Training
PRINCE2® Course Dates
PRINCE2® Course Outlines
Back To All
PRINCE2® Foundation Course
PRINCE2® Practitioner Upgrade
PRINCE2® Foundation & Practitioner Course
PRINCE2® Executive Briefing Course
PRINCE2® Locations and Dates
Back To All
PRINCE2® Birmingham
PRINCE2® Bournemouth
PRINCE2® London
PRINCE2® Manchester
PRINCE2® Oxford
PRINCE2® Other locations
PRINCE2® Online & Distance learning
PRINCE2® Exams & Re-Registration
Back To All
PRINCE2® Exams
PRINCE2® Exam Only Packs
PRINCE2® Exam Resit Packs
PRINCE2® Re-Registration Packages
PRINCE2® Client Courses
PRINCE2® Overview
PRINCE2® ONLIVE
PRINCE2 Agile®
Back To All
PRINCE2 Agile® Training
PRINCE2 Agile® Course Dates
PRINCE2 Agile® Course Outlines
Back To All
PRINCE2 Agile® Foundation Course
PRINCE2 Agile® Practitioner Upgrade
PRINCE2 Agile® Foundation & Practitioner Course
PRINCE2 Agile® eLearning
PRINCE2 Agile® Client Courses
NEW PRINCE2 Agile® Foundation
PRINCE2 Agile® Overview
PRINCE2 Agile® ONLIVE
ONLIVE
Virtual Classroom Training
Kanban Management Professional
Back To All
Kanban Introduction eLearning
Kanban Foundation - KMP1
Kanban Practitioner - KMP2
Kanban Management Professional - KMP1+KMP2
Other Agile and Service Management methods
Programme & Portfolio
Courses
All Programme & Portfolio Courses
Better Business Cases™
Back To All
BBC™ Training
BBC™ Course Dates
BBC™ Course Outlines
Back To All
BBC™ Foundation Course
BBC™ Practitioner Upgrade
BBC™ Foundation & Practitioner Course
BBC™ eLearning
BBC™ Client Courses
BBC™ Overview
MoP® Management Of Portfolios
Back To All
MoP® Course Dates
MoP® Course Outlines
Back To All
MoP® Foundation Course
MoP® Practitioner Upgrade
MoP® Foundation & Practitioner Course
MoP® Client Courses
MoP® Overview
MoV® Management Of Value
Back To All
MoV® Training
MoV® Course Outlines
Back To All
MoV® Foundation
MoV® Practitioner Upgrade
MoV® Foundation & Practitioner
MoV® Client Courses
MoV® Overview
MSP® Programme Management
Back To All
MSP® Training
MSP® Course Dates
MSP® Course Outlines
Back To All
MSP® Foundation Course
MSP® Practitioner Upgrade
MSP® Foundation & Practitioner Course
MSP® Online & Distance learning
MSP® Exam Only Packs
MSP® Re-Registration
MSP® Client Courses
MSP® Overview
P3O® Support Offices
Back To All
P3O® Training
P3O® Course Dates
P3O® Course Outlines
Back To All
P3O® Foundation Course
P3O® Practitioner Upgrade
P3O® Foundation & Practitioner Course
P3O® Client Courses
P3O® Overview
New
Microsoft® Teams eLearning
GDPR, IT & Service Management
Courses
All IT & Service Courses
BCS Business Analysis
Back To All
BCS Business Analysis eLearning
BCS Business Change
BCS Business Analysis Practice
BCS Business Processes
BCS Requirements Engineering
BCS Client Courses
Cyber Resilience -
RESILIA™
Back To All
Cyber Resilience Overview
RESILIA™ eLearning
RESILIA™ Client Courses
GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation
ITIL® Service Management
Back To All
ITIL® Course Dates
ITIL® v4 Foundation (3 Day)
ITIL® v4 Foundation Bridge (2 Day)
ITIL® Intermediate and Expert
Back To All
ITIL® Intermediate – Service Capability
Back To All
ITIL® Operational Support & Analysis
ITIL® Planning, Protection & Optimisation
ITIL® Release, Control & Validation
ITIL® Service Offerings & Agreements
ITIL® Intermediate – Service Lifecycle
Back To All
ITIL® Continual Service Improvement
ITIL® Service Design
ITIL® Service Operation
ITIL® Service Strategy
ITIL® Service Transition
ITIL® Expert
ITIL® Distance & Online
ITIL® Exam Only Packs
ITIL® Overview
Lean IT
Back To All
Lean IT Foundation
Lean IT Client Courses
Lean Six Sigma
Back To All
Lean Six Sigma Overview
Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt
Lean Six Sigma Black Belt
Lean Six Sigma Client Courses
Risk & Change
Courses
All Risk & Change Courses
Better Business Cases™
Back To All
BBC™ Training
BBC™ Course Dates
BBC™ Course Outlines
Back To All
BBC™ Foundation Course
BBC™ Practitioner Upgrade
BBC™ Foundation & Practitioner Course
BBC™ eLearning
BBC™ Client Courses
BBC™ Overview
Change Management
Back To All
Change Mgmt. Training
Change Mgmt. Course Dates
Change Mgmt. Foundation
Change Mgmt. Practitioner Upgrade
Change Mgmt. Foundation & Practitioner
Change Mgmt. Client Courses
Change Management Overview
Facilitation
Back To All
Facilitation Foundation
Facilitation Practitioner Upgrade
Facilitation Foundation & Practitioner
Facilitation Client Courses
IACCM
M_o_R® Management of Risk
Back To All
M_o_R® Course Dates
M_o_R® Course Outlines
Back To All
M_o_R® Foundation
M_o_R® Practitioner Upgrade
M_o_R® Foundation & Practitioner
M_o_R® Re-Registration
M_o_R® Client Courses
M_o_R® Overview
Current Offers
e-Learning
Menu
e-Learning Options
Go Back
What Is eLearning?
Available products
eLearning Development
Company eLearning
eLearning Resources
ONLIVE Virtual Training
PRINCE2®
PRINCE2 Agile®
Cyber Resilience
AgilePM®
ITIL
GDPR
MSP®
BCS Business Analysis
Better Business Cases™
APM - PFQ/PMQ
Others, VerSM™,SIAM®, COBIT®,
etc
ONLIVE
Client Events
Company Info & Partners
Menu
Why Use SPOCE?
Back To All
Reasons For Using SPOCE
SPOCE Vs. Cheap Training
Customer Feedback
Pass Rates
Safe Hands Guarantee
Downloads and Evaluation Resources
Current Offers
Company Information
Back To All
SPOCE Company Profile
SPOCE Clients
Our Training Venues
Press Office
Best Practice Newsletters
News & Info
Partners Information
Back To All
Business Opportunities
Accreditation Bodies & Partners
P3M3® Consulting Services
MOD / CTP - Enhanced Learning Credits (ELC)
All Services
Back To All
Training Solutions
Assurance & Support
Products & Tools
What are PDU's?
Book Store
Study from Home
Menu
Why Study from Home
Back To All
ONLive Virtual Classroom Training
Accredited eLearning
Free Intro Virtual Sessions
What are the Benefits?
Reasons For Using SPOCE
SPOCE Vs. Cheap Training
Customer Feedback
Downloads and Evaluation Resources
Current Offers
ONLive Virtual Classroom Training
Back To All
PRINCE2® ONLive
AgilePM® ONLive
APM PMQ ONLive
APM PFQ ONLive
MSP® ONLive
Change Management ONLive
M_o_R® ONLive
MoP® ONLive
Easter Offers
Accredited eLearning
Back To All
PRINCE2® eLearning
AgilePM® eLearning
APM eLearning
MSP® eLearning
PRINCE2 Agile® eLearning
ITIL® eLearning
Business Analysis eLearning
BRMP eLearning
Kanban & Other eLearning
All Services
Back To All
Training Solutions
MOD / CTP - Enhanced Learning Credits (ELC)
Assurance & Support
Products & Tools
What are PDU's?
Book Store
This website is only viewable in portrait mode,please rotate your device
×
Get In Touch
It appears that the course you are interested in has limited availability on the date you require. Please contact us on +44 (0)1202 736 373 to help
Close
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Terms, Conditions and Policies. By clicking on or navigating the site, you agree to accept cookies from this site. ×