http://www.bearlighting.com/terms-conditions/
Loading... Please wait...
Contact Us
Wishlist
Sign in or Create an account
Checkout
Shop
LEDLightbulbsRecessed LightingInterior LightingExterior LightingTrack LightingFansLandscape LightingEmergency LightingUnder CabinetBallasts
Blog
Brands
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
CALL US 888-988-2327Questions and Inquiries
100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEEDLow Prices. Great Service.
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $150US Orders Only
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting Bear Lighting's terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to Bear Lighting. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Bear Lighting stated products, in accordance with and subject to United States Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Confidentiality
Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the provision that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client’s with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by Bear Lighting will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Disclaimer
Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Bear Lighting:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or Bear Lighting's literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised Bear Lighting of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
Bear Lighting does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Payment
Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express are all acceptable methods of payment. If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through this website, you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your transaction including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARD(S) OR OTHER PAYMENT METHOD(S) UTILIZED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSACTION. By submitting such information, you grant Bear Lighting the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Payment initiated by you or on your behalf. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction. All goods remain the property of Bear Lighting until Payment is complete.
Cancellation Policy
Maximum 3 hours notice of cancellation prior to the completed transaction is required. Notification for instance, in person, via email, phone and/or fax will be accepted subject to confirmation in writing.
Termination Of Agreements And Refunds Policy
Both the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, including the ending of services that are already underway. No refunds shall be offered, where a Service is deemed to have begun and is, for all intents and purposes, underway. Any payment made to us in respect of the provision of unused Services, shall be refunded.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.
Cookies
Like most interactive web sites this website uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.
Links To This Website
You may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links From This Website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to Bear Lighting product/service and the full content of this website.
This Company’s logo is a registered trademark of Bear Lighting.
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, & other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on our website or via Company literature or via the Company’s stated telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man-made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.
Waiver
Failure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
General
The laws of United States govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website and buying our products/servicesyou consent to these terms and conditions. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of  Bear Lighting.
Notification Of Changes
Bear Lighting reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
YOU'RE NEVER IN THE DARK WITH BEAR LIGHTING
Welcome to Bear Lighting - a Wholesale Lighting Distributor based in sunny California.
We are your friend in the lighting business! Click on a tab below to start browsing our store.
If you don't see what you need or have any questions, call toll free @ 888.988.2327 and speak
with one of our Lighting Designers, or email us at bearbulbs@earthlink.net.
NO JOB IS TOO BIG OR SMALL!
We have Lighting Designers on staff who will work with you to solve any lighting issues.
We specialize in energy efficiency, remodeling, architectural, commercial, interior, exterior,
new construction and landscape lighting.
Join our mailing list for deals and promotions
Follow Us: FacebookTwitter
Your Account
My Account
Order Status
Wishlist
View Cart
Create Account
Information
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Recent Updates
Your online lighting store
Interior
design is extremely important. It’s, in fact, an art form where you …
Don't you have better things to do than change light bulbs?
Welcome, and thank you for visiting our site!
We established Bear Lighting in …
Contact Details
Toll Free: 888-988-2327
Fax: 310-397-8600
3021 Airport Ave.Santa Monica, CA 90405
Email: info@bearlighting.com
Home |
Advanced Search |
Sitemap
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 2020 Bear Lighting
Web Design by renaner