https://www.valassis.com/legal__trashed/terms-of-use/
Search For
Terms of Use
Sections
General
Content
Your Use of the Site or Services
Modifications
Information
Disclaimers
Limitation of Liability
Indemnification
Additional Terms of Use for Online Credit Information
Additional Terms/EULA
Links to or Connections with Third Party Sites or Applications
Monitoring of our Sites and Services and Disclosure for Administrative and Legal Reasons
Termination of Use
Copyright Policy
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
Miscellaneous
Last Review/Update: March 11, 2019
General
Valassis Digital Corp. (Valassis Digital, we, us or our) provides digital advertising technology, data, offers,
communication and services (our Services) that allow advertisers to more effectively target ads to end users on the
website they visit and applications they use. We also maintain websites, including https://www.valassis.com,
and maintain mobile applications and platforms that provide information about us and our Services (collectively, our
Sites).
These Terms of Use govern the use of our Sites. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions set forth below,
please do not use the Sites, Services or any information contained therein. By using the Sites, Services or the
information contained therein you agree to these Terms of Use set forth below. The Services and Sites are owned
and/or operated by Valassis Digital Corp., and we reserve the right in our sole and absolute discretion to make
changes to how we operate and provide the Sites or any of the Services we provide.
These Terms of Use include an agreement to resolve any disputes through binding arbitration that includes a class
action waiver as well as important disclaimers and limitations of liability.
Content
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork,
computer code and other content and materials (collectively, “Content”), including, but not limited to, the design,
structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content, contained on the
Sites or Services is owned, controlled or licensed by or to us, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent
and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Except as expressly
provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Sites or Services and no Content may be copied, reproduced,
republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way,
including mirroring, to any other computer, server, website or other medium for publication or distribution or for
any commercial enterprise, without our express prior written consent.
We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other
information displayed or distributed through the Sites or Services. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such
opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. We reserve the right, in our
sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Sites or Services. We do not and cannot
review all materials or information posted to the Sites or Services by users, and we are not responsible for any
such materials or information posted by users. However, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any materials
or information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or government request or requirement, or to edit, refuse
to post or to remove any materials or information, in whole or in part, that in our sole discretion is
objectionable or in violation of these Terms of Use. Notwithstanding, you may print or download one copy of the
information on the Sites solely for your personal non-commercial home use, provided you keep intact all copyright,
trademark and other proprietary notices.
All registered trademarks ®, trademarks ™ and service marks that may be used featured on the Sites or Services to
identify the products and services of other companies are the property of their respective owners. Valassis Digital
makes no claims to these trademarks ®, trademarks ™ and service marks. We reserve the right to add additional
trademarks ®, trademarks ™ and service marks that identify products and services featured on the Sites or Services.
Your Use of the Site or Services
You may not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm
or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the
Sites, Services or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of
the Sites, Services or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means
not purposely made available through the Sites or Services. We reserve the right to bar any such activity. You may
not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Sites or Services, or any other systems or
networks connected to the Sites or Services or to any of our servers, or to any of the services offered on or
through the Sites or Services, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means. You may not probe,
scan or test the vulnerability of the Sites or Services or any network connected to the Sites or Services, nor
breach the security or authentication measures on the Sites or Services or any network connected to the Sites or
Services. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to
the Sites or Services, or any other customer of ours, including any account not owned by you, to its source or
exploit the Sites or Services or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Sites or
Services, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal
identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Sites or Services. You agree
that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the
infrastructure of the Sites or Services or our systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the
Sites or Services. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with
the proper working of the Sites or Services or any transaction being conducted on the Sites or Services, or with
any other person’s use of the Sites or Services. You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in
order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to us on or through the Sites or Services. You
may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Sites or Services or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms
of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes our rights or the
rights of others. You shall not link these Terms of Use to any other site without the express prior written
approval of us.
Modifications
We may change these Terms of Use at any time and such changes will be effective immediately upon posting. You
should check these Terms of Use periodically because your continued use of the Sites or Services will be deemed
acceptance of any modified terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the modified terms and conditions, you
should discontinue use of the Sites or Services.
Information
We make an effort to keep the information on the Sites or Services reliable and accurate, but do not guarantee
the reliability or accuracy of any of the information on either the Sites or Services or on sites that are linked
to the Sites or Services. We cannot and do not guarantee the reliability or accuracy of information provided by
third-parties through the Sites or Services, including credit report or credit score information provided by credit
reporting agencies or other business partners.
We also do not guarantee that the files or information available for downloading are free of infection from
viruses or other harmful components. We shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any
actions taken in reliance thereon. All coupons, offers and promotions on the Sites or Services are subject to
change without notice. We provide you, our visitors, a venue for obtaining the information contained on the Sites
or Services and has no control over the legality of any coupons or other offers made by us, the ability of any of
the other companies to complete the sales or services in accordance with the offers, or the quality of the goods
and/or services offered by the other companies. We have no control over whether the other companies will honor the
offers and coupons shown on the Sites or Services and do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the
materials or information contained on the Sites or Services. In the event you have a dispute with another company
in any way relating to the Sites or Services or the use of materials or information from the Sites or Services, you
agree to waive and release us from any and all claims, demands, actions, damages, losses, costs or expenses of
every kind and nature, known and unknown, disclosed and undisclosed relating to that dispute.
Disclaimers
WE PROVIDE THE SITES, SERVICES, CONTENT, AND ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES OR OUR SERVICES “AS IS” AND
“AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WE (INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES) DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUALITY, ACCURACY, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTY ARISING
OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, WE (INCLUDING OUR
AFFILIATES) DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITES OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE
CORRECTED.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE SITES, SERVICES, OUR CONTENT, OR
OTHERWISE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES OR OUR SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING US (OR OUR AFFILIATES) OR
ANY OF THE SITES OR OUR SERVICES THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE. YOU USE THE SITES OR OUR
SERVICES, AND USE, ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN OUR CONTENT OR OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES
OR OUR SERVICES AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM YOUR USE
OF OR ACCESS TO SITES OR OUR SERVICES OR THE USE OF ANY OF OUR CONTENT OR OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES
OR OUR SERVICES. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING ANY COMPUTER SYSTEM OR
MOBILE DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITES OR OUR SERVICES), OR THE LOSS OF DATA THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE
OF THE SITES OR OUR SERVICES OR THE USE OF ANY OF OUR CONTENT OR OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES OR OUR
SERVICES.
Limitation of Liability
WE (INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES) WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (SUCH AS LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE SITES OR OUR SERVICES OR THE
USE OR INABILITY TO USE ANY OF THE FOREGOING EVEN IF WE (INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES) HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
EXCEPT AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF US (INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES) TO
YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF, OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE SITES OR
OUR SERVICES WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED YOUR ACTUAL, OUT-OF-POCKET EXPENSES OR DAMAGES.
IF ANY OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ARE FOUND TO BE INVALID, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF US (INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES)
FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, OR CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND OR NATURE WHATSOEVER SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You will defend (if requested by us), indemnify, and hold us harmless (including our affiliates) and our
respective officers, directors, equity holders, employees, agents and licensors (collectively, the “Valassis
Parties”) from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, demands, or liabilities, including attorneys’ fees
and costs, incurred by the Valassis Parties in connection with any claim by a third party arising out of or in any
way related to: (1) your use of the Sites or our Services; (2) your violation or alleged violation of these Terms
of Use, your violation or alleged violation of our Privacy Policy or your violation or alleged violation of any
applicable law; (3) your infringement or alleged infringement of any intellectual property or other right of any
other person or entity; or (4) any dispute between you and a third party, including any provider of third party
content. You must not settle any such claim or matter without our prior written consent. The Valassis Parties
reserve the right, at their own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to
indemnification by you, and you further agree that you will cooperate fully in the defense of any such claims.
Additional Terms of Use for Online Credit Information
We provide certain online credit information through the Sites and Services including (i) a free credit score
from a major credit bureau (plus free credit monitoring), along with factors impacting your credit score and (ii)
access to certain financial offers from our marketing partners.
In order to receive the online credit information you will need to register for an account. By registering, you
certify that:
You are 18 years of age or older
You have a valid U.S. Social Security number
Any information you provide to us, both when you register and in the future, is and will be true, accurate,
current and complete
You are only registering an account for yourself
You will keep all information up to date
You must not sell, transfer, or assign your account to anyone else.
When you register, you authorize us to create and maintain an account in your name using your account
registration information and other information that may be collected about you in accordance with our Privacy
Policy as part of providing credit information (collectively, such information is your “Profile”). By registering,
you also specifically consent to let us request and receive your consumer report data and other data about you from
third parties to include in your Profile as follows:
I understand that I am providing written instructions in accordance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act and other
applicable law for Valassis Digital Corp. (including its affiliated companies) to request and receive copies of
consumer reports, scores and related information about me from third parties, including, but not limited to,
TransUnion. I understand that my instructions let Valassis Digital and its affiliated companies obtain such
information at any time for as long as I have a client account to use as described in the Terms of Use and Privacy
Policy.
As described in our Privacy Policy, you expressly consent and request that Valassis Digital and its affiliated
companies obtain your credit report, credit score, and other relevant information in order to analyze, sort, and
present certain information or features to you. With respect to offers from our marketing partners, we do not
guarantee that you will be presented with offers for any particular types of products or services or that you will
meet the approval criteria for any particular offer. It is always your choice whether to apply for a product or
service offered by our marketing partners and we will never submit an application for a product or service to a
marketing partner on your behalf without your consent. All credit information is presented through the Sites and/or
Services for educational purposes only. We do not guarantee that the information we present through the Sites or
Services, including credit report or credit score information, is the same information that may be used or reviewed
by a third party to assess your creditworthiness or eligibility for any particular product or service or for
employment. We are not a credit repair organization, credit counselor, or financial or legal advisor as defined
under federal or state law, and we do not offer credit. Use of the Sites or Services is not a replacement for
personal, professional advice or assistance regarding your finances, credit history or fixing your credit rating.
You must comply with all applicable laws when using the Sites and/or Services. You are not permitted to use the
Sites and/or Services to obtain any consumer credit report, score or other consumer credit information under false
pretenses or in violation of the Fair Credit Reporting Act or applicable state or federal law.
If you decide you want to deactivate your account you can opt-out of these solutions by simply sending us an
internet message with the request to ValDigital-Privacy@valassis.com.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT WE ARE SOLELY AN INTERMEDIARY (I) BETWEEN YOU AND ANY CREDIT REPORTING AGENCY OR OTHER
INFORMATION PROVIDERS ACTUALLY SUPPLYING YOUR CREDIT REPORTS, CREDIT SCORES AND OTHER INFORMATION; AND (II) BETWEEN
YOU AND OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS WHOSE OFFERS WE PRESENT. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR
OMISSIONS IN OUR CONTENT OR OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING THE INACCURACY OR INCOMPLETENESS OF ANY SUCH CREDIT REPORTS,
CREDIT SCORES, OFFERS OR OTHER INFORMATION, TOOLS OR ANALYSES AVAILABLE THROUGH OUR SERVICES OR OUR CONTENT.
Additional Terms/EULA
If you download any software, driver or application from one of our Sites or Services, you must read and agree to
the terms of our End User License Agreement (EULA) prior to use. Please read the EULA carefully. It contains
important information about your rights and obligations regarding your installation and use of such software,
drivers or applications. These Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into the EULA.
Links to or Connections with Third Party Sites or Applications
Our Sites, Services or communications to you may contain third party content or links to third party sites,
applications or services (collectively, “Third Party Content”). The Sites, Services or our communications to you
may also include features that allow you to connect with accounts or services provided by third parties
(collectively, “Third Party Services”). We do not control, maintain, or endorse the Third Party Content or Third
Party Services, and we are not responsible or liable for any Third Party Content or Third Party Services, including
any damages, losses, failures, or problems caused by, related to, or arising from Third Party Content or Third
Party Services. Your interactions and business dealings with the providers of the Third Party Content or Third
Party Services, including products or services offered by such third parties, are solely between you and the third
party. You should review all of the relevant terms and conditions associated with Third Party Content or Third
Party Services, including any privacy policies and terms of service. We are not responsible for any information
that you agree to share with third parties in connection with Third Party Content or Third Party Services.
Monitoring of our Sites and Services and Disclosure for Administrative and Legal Reasons
We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor our services electronically. We may access, use, preserve,
transfer or disclose, at any time and without notice to you, any information (including Personal Information as
defined in our Privacy Statement) as reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with any applicable law, regulation,
subpoena, or legal process, or respond to any governmental request or cooperate with law enforcement, if we believe
such action is required or permitted by law; (2) enforce the Terms of Use, including to investigate potential
violations; (3) protect the safety, integrity, rights, or security of our clients, our services or equipment, or
any third party; or (4) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues related to our
services or the services of our business partners.
Termination of Use
We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your account or your use of the Sites or Services at any time. We
reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspects of the Sites or Services at any time
without prior notice.
Copyright Policy
You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary
information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. In operating the
Sites and Services, we may act as a “services provided” (as that term is defined by the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (“DMCA”)) and offer Services as an online provider of materials and links to third-party websites. As
a result, third-party materials that we do not own or control may be transmitted, stored, accessed or otherwise
made available using the Sites or Services. We have adopted a policy that provides for the immediate removal of any
content or the suspension of any user that is found to have infringed on our rights or the rights of a third party,
or that has otherwise violated any intellectual property laws or regulations or any of these Terms of Use. We
reserve the right to remove any content contained in or posted to the Sites or Services that we determine in our
sole discretion does or may allegedly infringe another person or entity’s copyright, trademark, celebrity material
or other rights. Notices to us regarding any alleged infringement on the Sites or Services should be directed to us
at ValDigital-Privacy@valassis.com. To submit an infringement notification, you must be the copyright or trademark
owner or celebrity or an authorized agent of the copyright or trademark owner or celebrity, and must provide us the
following information:
>Identification of the copyrighted work, trademark or other intellectual property that you claim has been
infringed (e.g., a link to your original work or clear description of the materials allegedly being infringed
upon);
Identification of the infringing material and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate
the material on the Sites or Services;
For notifications of trademark or trade dress infringement;
A copy of the relevant trademark or trade dress registration(s) from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office;
Description of the confusion (e.g., passing off as your company, including specific descriptions of content
or behavior);
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and
that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual
property owner’s behalf; and
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or
other intellectual property interest.
With respect to claims of copyright infringement, we will respond expeditiously to investigate the material
claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the
notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the content. Please be aware that under section 512(f) of the
DMCA, 17 U.S.C. 512(f), you may be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees incurred by us or our
users, if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity is infringing. If you are unsure whether
the material you are reporting is, in fact, infringing, you may wish to contact an attorney before filing a
notification with us.
Our response to notices of alleged infringement may include the removal or restriction of access to the allegedly
infringing material. If we remove or restrict access to user content in response to a notice of alleged
infringement, We will make a good faith effort to contact the affected account holder with information concerning
the removal or restriction of access, along with instructions for filing a counter-notification (as applicable).
Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
In the interest of resolving disputes between you and us in the most expedient and cost-effective manner, you and
we agree that every dispute arising in connection with these Terms of Use will be resolved by binding arbitration.
You and we further agree that the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) governs the interpretation and enforcement of this
arbitration provision. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator
instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited
review by courts. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. This agreement to
arbitrate disputes includes all claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms of Use, and/or your
access to, or use of, the Sites or Services, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or
any other legal theory, and regardless of when the claim arises. The arbitrator also has exclusive authority to
resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration
agreement.
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU AND VALASSIS DIGITAL ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. YOU ALSO
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION RELATING TO ANY ACTION OR
CLAIM THAT MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE OR YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITES OR SERVICES.
Despite the provisions of this Section 16 above, you and we both agree that nothing in these Terms of Use will be
deemed to waive, preclude or otherwise limit the right of either of us to: (a) bring an individual action in small
claims court within its jurisdictional limits; (b) file a complaint with the applicable federal, state, or local
agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of arbitration; or (d) to
file a suit in a court of law solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of our services or
address an intellectual property infringement claim.
Any arbitration between you and Valassis Digital will be governed by the FAA, the Commercial Dispute Resolution
Procedures and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “AAA Rules”) of the
American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), as modified by these Terms of Use, and will be administered by the AAA.
The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879 or by
contacting Valassis Digital at ValDigital-Privacy@valassis.com.
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other by certified
mail (“Notice”). Valassis Digital’s address for Notice is: Valassis Communications, Inc., 19975 Victor Parkway,
Livonia, MI 48152, Attention: Legal Department. The Notice must: (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or
dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought (“Demand”). You and Valassis Digital agree to use good faith
efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if you and Valassis Digital do not reach an agreement to do so within 30
days after the Notice is received, you or we may commence an arbitration proceeding. The arbitration proceedings,
including any exchanged materials, shall be confidential and you and Valassis Digital agree to use reasonable
efforts to streamline the proceedings, including discovery, consistent with the objectives of efficient dispute
resolution.
If you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms of Use, payment of any fees will be governed by the AAA
Rules. Any arbitration hearing will take place at a location to be agreed upon in Michigan, but if the claim is for
$10,000 or less, or as otherwise required, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on
the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a non-appearance based telephone hearing; or (c) by
an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your registered account address.
Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written
decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are
based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses
at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within fourteen (14) days of the
arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.
YOU AND VALASSIS DIGITAL AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL
CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR A CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
Further, unless both you and Valassis Digital agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one
person’s claims or otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If Valassis Digital
makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to its address for Notice), you may
reject the change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to Valassis Digital’s address for
Notice, in which case your account with Valassis Digital will be immediately terminated but this arbitration
provision, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject, will survive. If any provision of this
Section 16 is unlawful, void, or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision will be given effect to the
greatest extent possible and the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.
Miscellaneous
You may not use the Sites or Services and may not accept these Terms of Use if (a) you are not of legal age (at
least 18 years old) to form a binding contract with Valassis Digital, or (b) you are a person barred from receiving
the services under the laws of the United States or other countries including the country in which you are resident
or from which you use the services.
We control and operate the Sites and Service from the United States and we make no representations or warranties
that the information, products, or services provided through our services or our content are appropriate for access
or use in other jurisdictions. You are not permitted to access or use our services in any jurisdiction or country if
it would be contrary to the law or regulation of that jurisdiction or if it would subject us to the laws of, or any
registration requirement with, such jurisdiction. We reserve the right to limit the availability of our Sites and
Services or the provision of any of our content to any person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time and in
our sole and absolute discretion.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of Michigan (without regard to the rules governing
conflicts or choice of laws). They contain the entire understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the
subject matter. In the event that any provision of these terms and conditions is determined to be invalid,
unenforceable or otherwise illegal, such provision shall be deemed severed and the remainder of the terms and
conditions shall remain in full force and effect. No term or condition shall be deemed waived, and no breach shall
be deemed excused, unless such waiver is in writing and is executed by the party against whom such waiver or excuse
is claimed.