http://www.mmdsizers.com/privacy
HomeProductsSizersFeedersIPSCFully Mobile UnitsSemi-Mobile UnitsTransporterSurge LoaderServicesNewsLatest NewsEventsCompanyAbout UsHistoryCareersContact Us
HomeProductsSizersFeedersIPSCFully Mobile UnitsSemi-Mobile UnitsTransporterSurge LoaderServicesNewsLatest NewsEventsCompanyAbout UsHistoryCareersContact Us
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the privacy policy of MMD GPHC Limited. MMD GPHC Limited is incorporated in the Isle of Man with registered number 115359C and our registered office is situated at The Promenade, Laxey, Isle of Man, IM4 7DB.
MMD GPHC Limited respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
MMD GPHC Limited is the Data Controller responsible for your personal data within the context of the data you choose to directly pass to us through our website.
MMD GPHC Limited will be what is known as the “Data Controller” of the personal data you provide to us, and we will sometimes refer to ourselves in this notice as “we” or “us”. By Data Controller, this means MMD GPHC Limited determines the purposes and way in which any personal data are, or will be, processed.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, the use of your personal information, your dealings with our website or our digital applications, you can contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
This privacy policy is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with Isle of Man law.
Purposes of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how MMD GPHC Limited collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
This privacy policy, together with the terms and conditions posted on our website, sets out the general rules and policies governing your use of our website.
We will not collect any personal information about our website visitors unless it is submitted voluntarily, in which case we will act in a responsible manner to protect your personal information.
Information we may collect from you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
MMD GPHC Limited uses different methods to collect data from you including through:
Direct interactions (you may give us your identity, contact and other data by filling in forms or corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise);
Automated technologies or interactions (as you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. “Technical Data” includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website).
The amount and type of information gathered depends on the nature of the interaction.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data (first name, last name, title and gender)
Contact Data (address, email address, telephone numbers, employer)
Usage Data (information about how you use our website, products and services)
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
We only use information you provide about yourself and your company / employer when using our website to answer your enquiries, to provide requested products or services to you or to help us improve our services to you.
We share certain information with third parties outside MMD GPHC Limited as noted below. Some of those third parties may be located outside of your home country; by using this website, you consent to the transmission of such information to them. MMD GPHC Limited will not rent or sell personal information to anyone.
Third party data processors
We use various third party services in order to advertise and promote our products or manage communications with prospective and current customers. They may capture or store any information you have provided us by submitting an enquiry on our website, over the telephone or face to face.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect website usage information. Your visit to our website will be tracked anonymously, to provide us information about how our visitors interact with our website and is used for the purposes of improving our website.
Google Ads
We use Google Ads to advertise our products and services in order to drive traffic to our website.
For more information see the following links:
https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/9028179?hl=en
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/compliance/
Hubspot:
Information you have provided us with may be stored and processed by Hubspot as a means to manage interactions with prospective customers.
https://www.hubspot.com/data-privacy/gdpr/product-readiness
Mandrill (Mailchimp)
Forms on our website are emailed to us using an SMTP service provided by Mailchimp. They forward the form submissions via email and logs are kept for up to 90 days.
https://mailchimp.com/gdpr/
Amazon Web Services
Our website is hosted on Amazon in their Ireland data centre. Data you have provided and information about your visit to our website will be logged on their servers.
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/gdpr-center/
How we use your data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
What We Use Your Personal Information For
Our Reasons (Legal Basis)
Our Explanation Of MMD GPHC Limited’s Legitimate Interests
To communicate with you or to market to you
Consent or Legitimate Interest
Marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences
Asking you for feedback or to take part in research we are conducting
To advertise to you using targeted display advertising
To provide you with products or services and to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Contract or Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
In order to form or perform a contractual relationship
Provide you with the information you’ve requested
Operational communications like changes to our websites and services, security updates or assistance with using our products and services
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Billing Communications
To analyse, aggregate and report
Legitimate Interest
Monitoring and improving our website and services (whether obtained directly or from third parties). This is typically but not always anonymised analytics and reports.
To detect, investigate and report financial crime (e.g. fraud) and ensure compliance with a legal obligation
Legal Obligation / Legitimate Interests
Developing and improving how we deal with financial crime. Complying with any legal obligation placed on us by regulators. Complying with any regulations that apply to us. Complying with legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. Process efficiency in dealing with such activity, and to make service and process improvements.
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Legitimate Interests
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Transfers to third countries
MMD GPHC Limited and the group of companies of which it forms part operates internationally.
This website is owned by MMD GPHC Limited and any forms you submit via this website will be controlled by MMD GPHC Limited.  MMD GPHC Limited may share your personal data collected via this website with other companies in the MMD Group of companies and other third parties (which may necessitate the transfer of your data outside the European Economic Area) for the purposes set out in the table “How we use your data” above.
Some of the personal data you provide to us may be transferred outside the European Economic Area. This is a transfer to a “third country”.
Whilst your data is held in the UK, Ireland or Isle of Man data centres, our colleagues and partners in third countries may access it to undertake services necessary for the fulfilment of our contracts and services.
MMD GPHC Limited also works with suppliers and partners who may make use of cloud and/or hosted technologies.
Wherever transfers of data to third countries occur, MMD GPHC Limited will put in place appropriate contractual provisions to ensure that there are strict rules regarding both the confidentiality and security of your information. To find out more please contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Security
The security of your personal data is important to us. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated in a secure manner and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, no transmission or storage of information via/on the internet is completely secure. Although we take reasonable steps to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data transmitted or stored via/on our site, this is at your own risk.
Cookies
Cookies are small textual information, which a website sends to your browser, which may be then saved on your computer or other device. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many websites, we use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. For further information about the cookies we use please read our cookie policy
Links to external sites
Our website may contain links to external sites that are not owned, hosted or operated by us. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party website, products or services and advise you to read the privacy policy of each website you visit.
Your rights
Your personal data is protected by legal rights, which include rights to:
object to our processing of your personal data;
request that your personal data is erased or corrected;
request access to your personal data;
Right to erasure (also known as the right to be forgotten)
lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner (First Floor, Prospect House, Prospect Hill, Douglas, Isle of Man, IM1 1ET.  Telephone:
+44 1624 693260.  Website:
https://www.inforights.im/ ). We encourage you to contact us before making any complaint and we will seek to resolve any issues or concerns you may have.
Further information regarding your legal rights is available on the Information Commissioner’s website: https://www.inforights.im/.
If you have any general questions about your rights or want to exercise your rights please contact This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Privacy policy changes
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
We may from time to time change our privacy policy without notification. MMD GPHC Limited encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to this policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our privacy policy, or our practices, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Alternatively, you may contact us by either of the following means:
By Mail: Attn: Data Protection Officer, MMD GPHC Ltd, The Promenade, Laxey, Isle of Man, IM4 7DB
By Phone: +44 1624 864050
We will aim to respond to all requests, inquiries or concerns within 30 days.
October 2020
back to top
Search ...
HomeProductsSizersFeedersIPSCFully Mobile UnitsSemi-Mobile UnitsTransporterSurge LoaderServicesNewsLatest NewsEventsCompanyAbout UsHistoryCareersContact Us
Select Region
Policies
LegalCookie PolicyPrivacy PolicyAnti-bribery & Corruption PolicyCOVID-19 Update
© 2020
MMD GPHC Ltd