https://www.aig.org.au/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Australian Institute of Geoscientists > Terms & Conditions
TERMS OF USE
This site is maintained, primarily, as a service to members of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG).  The site also provides information regarding Institute membership and activities to both geoscience professionals and the general public.  We welcome visitors’ interest in the Institute and its work.   Your access to and use of the site, however, is conditional on acceptance of the terms and conditions of use.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using any Internet web site provided by AIG, including https://www.aig.org.au (“the Site”) operated by AIG (“us”, “we”, or “our”). This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions for your use of the Site.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Your Use of the Website and System Integrity
You agree that your use if the website is for lawful purposes only.  You agree that you, will not use this website for any unlawful purpose.
You must not use the site to:
impersonate or otherwise misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any other person or entity;
Transmit or publish unlawful material;
falsify or delete any attributions, legends, or other proprietary designations of origin or source of any content of the site;
conduct, display, or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, or chain letters;
interfere with or disrupt the Site, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the site;
attempt to gain unauthorised access to the site or other computer systems; or,
commit a criminal offence.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of any passwords and/or identification or login information for the site. You agree to notify AIG immediately of any unauthorised use of your password or any other breach of security.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by AIG and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Online Financial Transactions
The site may allow you to purchase different types of products and services online that are provided by AIG. When ordering products or services on the site, you must provide complete and accurate personal information as requested.
When you provide credit card information, you warrant that you are fully entitled to use that card and that it has sufficient funds to cover any purchases.
When you make payment on the items in your shopping cart, AIG or AIG’s nominee will process the payment against your credit card payment instruction details.
A printable invoice will be sent via email acknowledging payment once the payment has been processed.
Links To Other Sites may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by AIG.
AIG has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New South Wales, AUSTRALIA, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
The Australian Institute of Geoscientists
AIG Secretariat
PO Box 576
CROWS NEST NSW 1585
AUSTRALIA
T: +61 2 9431 8662
F: +61 2 9431 8677
E: aig@aig.org.au