https://www.titon.com/uk/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Home > Terms & Conditions
Please view our Terms & Conditions of Sale.
Please view our Terms & Conditions of Purchase.
Please view our Terms & Conditions of www.titondirect.co.uk.
Please view our Conditions of Quotation and Supply for Ventilation Systems Products.
Please view our Privacy & Cookies Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Titon Hardware Limited. Registered in England and Wales. Company Reg. No. 1071731. Registered office: 894 The Crescent, Colchester Business Park, Colchester, CO4 9YQ, United Kingdom.
The rights in the design, pictures, logos, photographs and content of this web site are owned by or licensed to Titon. They are protected by copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. You may not copy, reproduce, modify, distribute, republish, display, post or transmit any part of this web site, except where expressly granted. You may view or print individual pages only for your own personal use.
You agree and acknowledge that the information and views contained anywhere on the web site shall not in any way constitute professional advice relevant to your specific requirements and that any advice or information you may receive through the web site is in no way a substitute for professional advice tailored to your specific needs.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Titon against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, expenses or costs incurred or suffered and any claim or legal proceedings brought or threatened arising out of your use of the web site.
Any details that you provide to us which enables us to identify you are held and processed in accordance with our privacy statement.
Titon is not liable for any damages or losses resulting from your inability to use this web site. Titon cannot promise that the web site will be uninterrupted or entirely error free. The web site is provided on an “as available” basis. Titon will not be responsible to you if we are unable to provide the web site for any reason.
The web site may contain links to other web sites not owned or operated by us. Titon makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information or opinions contained in these web sites and any link to another web site shall in no way be construed as an endorsement of the web site by Titon. Links are provided for convenience only.
Titon may change the web site or these terms and conditions at any time. If you use the web site after such changes you will be bound by the new terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions and your use of this web site are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and any disputes will be decided only by the Courts of England and Wales.
Your statutory rights are not affected by these terms and conditions.
Copyright © 2019 Titon.
Contact one of our experts
Whatever your query, please get in touch.
Contact Us