http://www.silverlake.com/legal/index
Silicon Valley
New York
London
Hong Kong
Tokyo
Toggle navigation
The Global Leader In Technology Investing
LP Login
Overview
Strategies
Portfolio
Team
News
Contact
LP Login
Silver Lake - Terms and Conditions
Terms And Conditions
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
California Consumer Privacy Statement
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Walker Guidelines Disclosures
Print
Last Updated and Effective As Of: May 9, 2018
These Terms of Use apply to the Internet sites of Silver Lake Management, L.L.C. and its affiliates ("Silver Lake" or "we"), including www.silverlake.com, all sites hosted within or associated with that domain, and any other affiliated sites. Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms of Use") carefully before using any of these websites (collectively, the "Site"). These Terms of Use set forth the legally binding terms and conditions that govern your access to and use of the Site and its contents (collectively, the "Content"). By visiting the Site, you accept these Terms of Use, both of which may be updated at any time. Any update to these Terms of Use will be effective upon posting a notice of the modified Terms of Use here. We encourage you to periodically consult the Terms of Use to learn about any modifications and updates. Your continued use of the Site after any such modifications shall constitute your acceptance of these Terms of Use as modified. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use for any reason, please discontinue use of this Site.
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Use, you can write us at Website Inquiry c/o Legal and Compliance, Silver Lake, 2775 Sand Hill Road, Suite 100, Menlo Park, CA 94025.
Uses of Our Site and Content
We have the right (but not the obligation) to monitor this Site for any unauthorized or objectionable conduct and to take all appropriate actions in response, without notice to you. We have listed below the permitted and prohibited uses of our Site and the Content by Site visitors.
You may copy, download and print individual pages of our Site for your own use. You may not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices or other legends from any such pages. You may not alter or modify the Content in your copies. In no event may you (i) extract, copy or download a large portion of the Content, such as by a bot, webcrawler, scraper, spider or other device that "harvests" portions of the Site, (ii) make more than the minimum number of copies of our Content for your own use, (iii) engage in any commercial exploitation of any of our Content, or (iv) post it elsewhere on the Internet.
You may not (and may not encourage others to) attempt to violate the security of this Site or use or gain access to the identities, information or computers of others, through this Site or use the Site to violate any law or regulation or the intellectual property, privacy or publicity, or contractual rights of others.
Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property
SILVER LAKE®, SILVER LAKE PARTNERS®, SLP®, SILVER LAKE ALPINE®, SILVER LAKE WATERMAN™, SILVER LAKE KRAFTWERK®, SILVER LAKE SUMERU® and certain other marks or logos displayed on this Site are trademarks and service marks of and owned by Silver Lake. You may not use any of those or any other Silver Lake trademarks, trade names or service marks in any manner that creates the impression that such names and marks belong to or are associated with you or your affiliates or are used with Silver Lake's consent.
All Content included on the Site is owned by Silver Lake or other parties, and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property law. All trademarks or service marks on the Site that are not owned by Silver Lake are the property of their respective owners. You may not use any such trademarks or service marks without the permission of their respective owners.
No Offer or Advice
The Content included on the Site is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or buy any securities, financial instruments, investments or other services of Silver Lake or any entity, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any offer or sale of securities, financial instruments, investments or other services. An offer or solicitation will be made only through a final private placement memorandum, subscription agreement and other related documents with respect to a particular investment opportunity and will be subject to the terms and conditions contained in such documents, including the qualifications necessary to become an investor.
Silver Lake is not utilizing the Site to provide investment or other advice, and nothing on the Site is to be deemed a recommendation that you buy, sell, hold or make any other security or investment decision. The Site and its Content should not be relied upon for the purpose of making or communicating investment or other decisions nor construed as investment, legal, accounting, tax or other professional advice. To obtain such advice, you should consult with your own professional advisor. Any transactions listed on the Site are included as representative transactions and are not necessarily reflective of overall performance.
Forward Looking Statements
The contents of the Site may contain forward-looking statements that are based on beliefs, assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and projections about the financial industry, the economy, Silver Lake itself or its investments. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict with regard to timing, extent, likelihood and degree of occurrence. Therefore, actual results and outcomes may materially differ from what may be expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Furthermore, Silver Lake undertakes no obligation to update, amend or clarify forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Past Performance is Not Indicative of Future Results
Any performance-related Content on the Site is exclusively an indication of past performance. Silver Lake makes no representation that any investment or transaction will result in profits or losses similar to those achieved in the past, or that significant losses will be avoided.
Links to Other Websites
The Site may contain links to, or may be linked from, other websites that are not maintained by us. Silver Lake does not endorse, have any responsibility for, or make any representations about, any other websites, including their products and services, content, communications and website use policies. If you follow links to websites not affiliated or controlled by us, you should review their terms and conditions and other privacy and security policies, as these Terms of Use no longer apply – i.e., the policies and practices of other websites and other parties are governed by their respective terms of use and privacy policies. We do not guarantee and are not responsible for the privacy or security of these sites, including the accuracy, completeness, or reliability of their information. Silver Lake expressly disclaims any responsibility for your access to or use of such other websites.
Disclaimers
THE SITE AND ALL CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE ARE PROVIDED BY SILVER LAKE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND THAT SILVER LAKE DOES NOT MAKE AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE. SILVER LAKE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT SUCH CONTENT IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR CORRECT, THAT THIS SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION, OR THAT THE SITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
You acknowledge and accept that: (1) the Site may not be available, may not function properly or may have or cause technological problems (including, without limitation, computer malfunction, failure of performance, delays, interruptions, defects, errors, worms or viruses) from time to time; and (2) Silver Lake or its designee cannot, and does not, guarantee that the Site will be free of security problems (including, without limitation, unauthorized interception of data or communications).
All Content available on or through the Site is only as of the date indicated. Although we make reasonable efforts to provide accurate information, at times we may not promptly update or correct the Site even if we are aware that it is inaccurate, outdated or otherwise inappropriate.
Limitations of Liability
Silver Lake and its affiliates and all of their respective officers, directors, managers, partners, members, shareholders, employees, affiliates, representatives, licensors and agents will not be liable hereunder for any direct or indirect damages or injury, including but not limited to special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages (whether in an action in contract or tort or under statute), that result from the use of (or the inability to use) the Site and its Content, or a website to which the Site links, including any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation, computer virus, line failure, or other computer malfunction, or from any action that you take or decision you make in reliance on any information contained in the Site.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in preceding paragraphs or elsewhere in these Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver by you of any of your legal rights under applicable U.S. federal securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be contractually waived.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Silver Lake and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, managers, partners, members, shareholders, employees, affiliates and agents from any and all liabilities, damages, losses, claims, expenses and fees resulting from your breach of these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
International Use
The Site is operated and controlled by Silver Lake in the United States. Access to the Site from countries or territories where such access is illegal is prohibited. Silver Lake makes no claims that the Site is appropriate or lawful for use or access outside the United States. To the extent that your access and use of the Site implicates the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States, then you are responsible for compliance with such laws. You are solely responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations regarding online conduct and website access.
Governing Law / Venue
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any principles or rules of conflicts of laws to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would require or permit the application of the laws of other jurisdictions, as to all matters, including, but not limited to, matters of validity, construction, effect, performance and remedies.
Silver Lake may bring an action against you in connection with any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy or your use of the Site ("Dispute") in any jurisdiction. Without limiting Silver Lake’s right to do so, you agree not to object to the exercise of personal jurisdiction by and to venue in the courts of the State of California and the United States District Court for the Northern District of California located in or near Menlo Park, County of San Mateo, California. Silver Lake may elect to resolve any Dispute through binding arbitration and, if it so elects, you and we agree that such Dispute shall be resolved pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The seat of such arbitration shall be San Mateo, California, U.S.A. Any such arbitration will be conducted as an individual arbitration and you agree that no arbitration shall be brought by you or resolved on a class, mass or representative basis. You agree that any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to these Terms of Use or your use of the Site must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose regardless of any statute or law to the contrary.
Termination
Silver Lake may terminate your access to the Site at any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without prior notice.
Important Information Regarding the Relationship between Silver Lake Partners and Silver Lake Sumeru
The primary investment focus of the Silver Lake Partners strategy is to make private equity investments in large-scale companies within the technology, technology-enabled, and related growth industries. The primary investment focus of the Silver Lake Sumeru strategy had been to make private equity investments in middle market technology companies with established business models and attractive growth prospects where there is an opportunity to create value through operational transformation. Silver Lake Sumeru is no longer actively making investments. Silver Lake Partners and Silver Lake Sumeru have distinct primary investment objectives, and largely different teams of investment professionals. Any portfolio companies mentioned of either the Silver Lake Sumeru strategy or the Silver Lake Partners strategy are only a representative sampling. Please see the Portfolio page for a complete list of both strategies’ portfolio companies.
Important Information Regarding the Relationship between Silver Lake Partners and Silver Lake Kraftwerk
The primary investment focus of the Silver Lake Partners strategy is to make private equity investments in large-scale companies within the technology, technology-enabled, and related growth industries. The primary investment focus of the Silver Lake Kraftwerk strategy is to provide growth capital to technology and tech-enabled businesses driving efficiency across the operations, energy, and resources industries. Not only do Silver Lake Partners and Silver Lake Kraftwerk have distinct primary investment objectives, but they also have largely different teams of investment professionals. Any portfolio companies mentioned of either the Silver Lake Kraftwerk strategy or the Silver Lake Partners strategy are only a representative sampling. Please see the Portfolio page for a complete list of both strategies’ portfolio companies.
Important Information Regarding the Relationship between Silver Lake Partners and Silver Lake Waterman
The primary investment focus of the Silver Lake Partners strategy is to make private equity investments in large-scale companies within the technology, technology-enabled, and related growth industries. The primary investment focus of the Silver Lake Waterman strategy is to provide growth capital to later-stage companies in the technology and technology-enabled industries, offering flexible solutions to finance expansion and acquisitions. Not only do Silver Lake Partners and Silver Lake Waterman have distinct primary investment objectives, but they also have largely different teams of investment professionals. Any portfolio companies mentioned of either the Silver Lake Waterman strategy or the Silver Lake Partners strategy are only a representative sampling.
© 2020 Silver Lake | Legal