http://www.bestmex.com/en/faqs/privacy-policies/
My Account Login
Home
Visit Mexico
Info
Border Crossings
FAQ's
About us
Client Reviews
Contact Us
Welcome:
userName
Log Out
Privacy and Security Policy
PRIVACY
Bestmex is part of MXGA, Inc., (hereafter BESTMEX), located in 1431 Greenway Dr. Suite 800, Irving, TX 75038 - USA. We would like to inform you how we are protecting your privacy and security online (Id information, job related information, transit and migration data) financial or sensitive data. Please read the following policy so that you will fully understand how your personal information will be treated as you use our website.
BESTMEX has always made it a priority to protect your personal and privileged information. We do not sell your information. We limit access to your personal and privileged information to those persons who need to know it to perform their jobs and to provide service to you, and as required or permitted by law. We maintain physical and electronic safeguards to protect such information from unauthorized use or disclosure.
You may have additional concerns about the privacy and security of information collected through our web site. We are committed to protecting the online privacy of visitors to our web site. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to secure your personal information. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the internet, and there is always some risk in transmitting information electronically. As we deem appropriate, we use security measures consistent with industry standards, such as firewalls and encryption technology, to protect your information. However, since no security system is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect and use information that we believe is necessary to serve you effectively and to permit us to meet your needs, such as information that we receive from your insurance application and through correspondence and communications from you, including name, address, and telephone number; information about your transactions with us; information that you provide to us on our web site; information from website usage (or traffic); information from customer lists provided by other organizations and marketing data providers; information from governmental agencies and insurance-support organizations; and information relating to insurance claims, which may include medical information. This information enables us to underwrite policies, process claims, ensure proper billing, and service accounts. We also may collect customer information from insurance agents (if applicable) who may use our protected and secure Internet based portal to make changes to policies, make payments, and inquire about the status of customer accounts.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We share information that we collect only as required or permitted by law to industry regulators, law enforcement agencies or other governmental authorities, anti-fraud organizations, third parties who assist us in processing the transactions authorized by you and in providing services to us and to you.
We may use your personal information to respond to your inquiries, questions or comments if you access our web site or if you send us an email with questions or comments. We may save your questions or comments or your e-mail address for future reference.
Cookies
We use "cookies" to enhance your access to our web site. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile communications device. Cookies do not store personal information about you, unless you knowingly provide it. Cookies can store non-personal information, such as what web site pages or advertisements your browser has accessed. We use cookies to store information and personalize your experience with our web site. For example, cookies allow our web site to recognize you as a previous visitor, and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while you were previously browsing our web site. You do have some control over cookies. Many browsers can be set to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your computer. Many browsers can also be set to refuse to accept cookies, although this may affect your internet experience. You can also erase cookies that are already on your computer. For more information about working with cookies, you should consult your user manual, FAQ, or "help" function of your specific browser and operating system software.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The contents of this internet privacy policy are subject to change or updating by BESTMEX at any time without prior notice. The changes may include superseding statements or notices. YOU SHOULD REVIEW THIS POLICY OFTEN TO BE AWARE OF ANY CHANGES THAT ARE MADE. Your continuing use of this web site constitutes your acceptance of any changes or updates to the Privacy Policy, all of which shall become controlling when posted.
Security
In BESTMEX we protect your most sensitive information, such as your credit card information, using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to keep it safe; we never save your credit card information in our records for safety reasons. SSL is a protocol that delivers server authentication, encrypted data, to make it unreadable to others and message integrity. SSL is the industry-standard for secure, on-line transfer of sensitive information while in transit.
For more information visit our article:
Privacy and Security notice.
Buy and print your Mexican auto insurance now!...
Get a Quote
Mexican Auto Insurance
Common questions we receive
How can I where to obtain a Temporary Import Vehicle Permit from Banjercito?
Qualitas
Mexican Auto Insurance
GNP (Grupo Nacional Provincial)
What auto insurace companies are available in Mexico?
Cancellation Policy
Mapfre Mexican car insurance
Tips on traveling to Mexico by car
Why do I need a Mexican auto insurance policy?
Tips for Traveling to Mexico
What rules should I consider when driving in Mexico