http://www.ashburton.com/int/individual/why-us/legal-and-privacy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to browse our website, we'll assume that you're happy to receive all cookies on the Ashburton Investments website. You can read more in the terms and conditions.
Welcome to our brand new website!
Some of the new features include an easy to use filter mechanism to explore all our funds, tailor-made newsletter subscriptions for your unique investment interests and a feature to bookmark funds for easy access. New site for South Africa users only: International users please click here. Should you wish to return to the old South African site, please click here.
International
Namibia
South Africa
Individual
Intermediary
Institution
Disclaimer
Please take note that the website you are about to access (“Site”) is intended only for international retail (individual) investors. The Site is not intended for, or permitted to be accessed or used by, any retail (individual) investors or institutional investor resident or situated in South Africa or the United States of America (including each of its states, territories and possessions), or any other country or territory which restricts the distribution of this
information.
Persons accessing this Site are required to inform themselves of any relevant restrictions and observe them.
Ashburton Investments does not in any way represent, recommend or propose that any securities and/or financial or investment products or services that may be referred to in this Site are appropriate and/or suitable for a particular investment objective or financial situation or needs. You should read the relevant Prospectus or Terms and Conditions in order to obtain detailed information and you should always consult a suitably qualified professional adviser to obtain appropriate financial, legal, tax and other advice.
Ashburton Investments is a registered trading name of Ashburton (Jersey) Limited (“Ashburton”) which has its Registered Office at
PO Box 239, IFC1, The Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE4 8SJ, Channel Islands and which is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission.
While all care has been taken by Ashburton in the preparation of the information contained herein, Ashburton does not make any representations or give any warranties as to the correctness, accuracy or completeness, nor does Ashburton assume liability for loss arising from errors in the information irrespective of whether there has been any negligence by Ashburton, its affiliates or any other employees of Ashburton, and whether such losses be direct or consequential.
Singapore investors – The Ashburton Investments SICAV – Global Defensive Fund, Global Balanced Fund, Global Growth Fund, Africa Equity Opportunities Fund and India Fixed Income Opportunities Fund have been entered into the List of Restricted Schemes by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and are available to Institutional Investors as defined by Singapore laws. This information contained on this Site does not constitute an offer to sell and should not be taken as a substitute for the offering document of the relevant restricted scheme. You are advised to read the Ashburton Investments SICAV prospectus and relevant Singapore wrappers which are available free of charge at www.ashburtoninvestments.com.
By clicking “ACCEPT" below, you consent to the above terms and conditions and, in particular, you confirm that:
you are neither a professional advisor nor institutional investor (or similar) under the applicable laws and regulations
of the country of your residence and of the country in which you are viewing this Site; and
by accessing this Site you will not contravene, or cause Ashburton Investments including all of its affiliates and/or
subsidiaries to contravene, any law that seeks to regulate financial promotions both in the country of your residence
and in the country in which you are viewing this Site.
Click here to view the terms and conditions of this website.
Contact us
Watchlist
Portal Registration
Sign in