http://www.copartnercables.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Copartnercables Inc. ("Copartnercables") operates Copartnercables.com and may operate other websites. It is Copartnercables's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Copartnercables collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Copartnercables's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Copartnercables's visitors use its website. From time to time, Copartnercables may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Copartnercables also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Copartnercables.com blogs/sites. Copartnercables only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Copartnercables's websites choose to interact with Copartnercables in ways that require Copartnercables to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Copartnercables gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at Copartnercables.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Copartnercables are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Copartnercables collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Copartnercables. Copartnercables does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Copartnercables may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Copartnercables may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Copartnercables does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Copartnercables discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Copartnercables's behalf or to provide services available at Copartnercables's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Copartnercables's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Copartnercables will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Copartnercables discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Copartnercables believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Copartnercables, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Copartnercables website and have supplied your email address, Copartnercables may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Copartnercables and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Copartnercables takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Copartnercables uses cookies to help Copartnercables identify and track visitors, their usage of Copartnercables website, and their website access preferences. Copartnercables visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Copartnercables's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Copartnercables's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Copartnercables, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Copartnercables goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Copartnercables may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Copartnercables and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Copartnercables may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Copartnercables's sole discretion. Copartnercables encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Copartnercables.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Mar
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Recent Posts
How to Keep Computer and Cabling Costs Down
Digital Marketing London Ontario-Some Insights
Importance of Hiring Digital Marketing London Ontario
Processes of Industrial Water Filtration
Categories
Business
Health and Fitness
Internet and Businesses Online
Internet Marketing