http://www.asterikstudio.com/privacy.html
Credit Counseling
All you need to know about your money
Home
History
Privacy
Education
Consolidation
Management
Consumer Credit Counseling Services - Privacy Policy
Posted by Admin
•  Comments
Our agency is committed to assuring the privacy of individuals and/or families who have contacted us for assistance. We assure you that all information shared both orally and in writing will be managed within legal and ethical considerations. Your "personal financial information", such as your total debt information, income, living expenses and personal information concerning your financial circumstances, will be provided to creditors and, possible others with your specific authorization.
We may also use aggregated case file information for the purpose of evaluating our services, gathering valuable research information and designing future programs. Your anonymity will be maintained through the use of your client number or by using aggregate data in all circumstances.
In all other situations, your information may be released to appropriate individuals or a agencies ONLY UPON YOUR WRITTEN REQUEST OR when our staff has been served by a valid subpoena.
The following PRIVACY PRACTICES detail circumstances under which we will release your information to a third party:
1. We do not disclose any non-public person information about our customers or former customer to anyone, except as permitted by law.
2. We may compile data and aggregate information that you give to us, but this information may not be disclosed in a manner that would personally identify you in any way.
3. We may disclose some or all of the information that we collect, as described below, to creditors, or third parties that you have authorized who need this information in order for us to assist you after a counseling session.
4. We may disclose all of the information that we collect, as described below to creditors and related financial institutions that need this information in order to put you on a debt management program (DMP)
5. We restrict access to non-public person information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
6. We collect non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
- Information we received from you on our applications or other forms you provide;
- Information about your transactions with us, your creditors, or others;
- Information we receive from a credit reporting agency.
7. We may disclose the following kinds of non-public personal information about you:
- Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income;
- Information about your transactions with us , your creditors, or thers, such as your account balance, payment history, parties to transactions and credit card usage;
- Information we receive from a credit reporting agency, such as your credit history
Copyright (c) Asterikstudio.com - All rights reserved