https://www.racs.net/wpautoterms/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - RACS
Skip to content
Product Catalog Career Opportunities Trade Shows Top MenuMy account AccountFacebook page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window
RACS
Ridglan Animal Care Systems
racs@racs.net800-338-3178
0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
Design & ManufacturingAnimal Floor Design Measuring Guidelines Cage Floor Benefits
ProductsAll Products Cage Floors Custom Animal Floors Tub Floor Grates Gutter Covers Industrial Cage Floors Industrial Run Covers Poly Pet Heat Mat Dog Beds
About UsAbout Us Our Team
Contact UsContact Us Request A Quote Career Opportunities Trade Show Schedule
Search:
Search for a keyword
Design & ManufacturingAnimal Floor Design Measuring Guidelines Cage Floor Benefits
ProductsAll Products Cage Floors Custom Animal Floors Tub Floor Grates Gutter Covers Industrial Cage Floors Industrial Run Covers Poly Pet Heat Mat Dog Beds
About UsAbout Us Our Team
Contact UsContact Us Request A Quote Career Opportunities Trade Show Schedule
You are here:HomeLegal PagePrivacy Policy
Last updated: August 21, 2018
RACS (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the RACS website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://www.racs.net
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
Address
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Site-Wide Search
Search:
Have a question? Would you like a quote? Get in touch with us today!
Our knowledgeable staff can help you design custom-sized floors to meet your specific needs.
We manufacture a complete line of veterinary cage flooring that focuses on the health and well-being of each animal through its design.
Contact UsRequest A Quote
Premier Polysteel Outdoor Furniture Click here to view our complete line of outdoor furniture. The best commercial outdoor furniture available. Period.
CONTACT RACS TODAY!RIDGLAN ANIMAL CARE SYSTEMS
PO Box 77, 305 Enterprize Dr.
Northwood, IA
50459Email:
racs@racs.net
Phone:
800-338-3178Fax:
641-324-1092
Review us on GoogleTESTIMONIALSI am the Purchasing Director for Snyder Mfg. and work with hundreds of vendors who assist in creating our wonderful product. With the growing economy and relentless production schedules that so many of us are experiencing, I have found that RACS is one of the more reliable vendors in terms of meeting (or beating) lead times, superior quality and their customer service is second to none.
- Gary Montoya, Snyder Manufacturing Purchasing Director
REQUEST INFO
Name
First
Last
PhoneEmail*
Sign up to receive special offers, giveaways, and trade show updates!SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
ABOUT US
Ridglan Animal Care Systems and Premier Polysteel Outdoor Furniture are divisions of ADA Enterprises, Inc.
Copyright © 2020. All right reserved.
Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
Facebook
Go to Top