http://www.trudellhs.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Revised: January 29, 2015
GENERAL
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information collected by us and under our possession or control. In those instances where we may, now or in the future, collect personal information on our web site or otherwise in the course of conducting our business, the Privacy Policy as posted from time to time on this web site will apply to the collection, use and disclosure of the personal information. The Privacy Policy is subject to the privacy legislation in effect in your jurisdiction. In the event of a conflict between the Privacy Policy and the applicable privacy legislation, the applicable privacy legislation will apply to the extent necessary to remedy the conflict.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
As used in this policy, “personal information” means information about an identifiable individual, such as age, home address, home phone number, income, ethnic origin, date of birth, race, marital status, fingerprints and medical records. In general, personal information does not, for example, include the name, title, business address, business e-mail address, and business telephone or facsimile number of an employee of an organization.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notification. Please browse through this page each time you visit our web site to keep track of any changes. The changes will only affect personal information provided after the change comes into effect.
EXTERNAL SITES
Our web site may contain links to other web sites. You should review the Privacy Statement/Policy of the other web sites as they may differ from ours. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
COOKIES
We may, from time to time, collect non-personal information about you and your use of our web site through the use of cookies. We do not match or correlate this information with any personal information that you submit on the web site. We use cookies for language preference purposes and to analyze web site usage. Some browsers may be set to reject most cookies. If your browser is set up that way, most of the features of our web site should remain available to you.
CONSENT
By using our web site, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
IDENTIFYING PURPOSE
We identify the purpose for which the personal information is collected before or at the time of collection.
COLLECTION
We collect personal information that you provide to us voluntarily whether over the web site, by email, mail, fax, telephone or other communication means. We typically obtain an individual’s consent to collect, use or disclose his or her personal information before or at the time of collection. In certain circumstances, consent is sought after the information has already been collected but before use. We limit the collection of personally identifiable information to those details that are necessary for the purposes identified. When you visit our site non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by our website administrator. The type of non-personal information collected includes the date and time of your visit, the address of the website you linked from and the duration of your visit.
LIMITING USE, DISCLOSURE AND RETENTION
Personal information collected by us is used or disclosed for the purpose for which it is collected and only as otherwise authorized by the terms of this Privacy Policy. We only use or disclose personally identifiable information collected by us for a purpose other than the one identified prior to or at the time of collection, or in ways unrelated to the ones described in this Privacy Policy, if you have consented to such other use or disclosure. We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information or share it with outside parties, except as provided for in the section entitled "Exceptions to Use" as set out below. We retain personal information for as long as it is required for the identified purpose or as required by law.
ACCURACY
We keep personal information we collect as accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected.
SAFEGUARDS & SECURITY
We protect personal information we collect with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Keep in mind that personal information transmitted to us by e-mail or otherwise through our web site, is transmitted without encryption. In other words, the information is not converted into code text but instead is sent in the same form as submitted by you on our site. Although it is unlikely that a third party will intercept the transmission, there is always a possibility of that occurring.
OPENNESS
Upon request, you may review and verify the accuracy and completeness and request changes to your personal information that is in our possession or control. If you become aware of any inaccuracy or incompleteness, please notify us by e-mail or mail as provided below in the section entitled “Challenging Compliance”.
CHALLENGING COMPLIANCE
We will endeavour to respond in a timely manner to questions, concerns and complaints about the privacy of personal information and our privacy policy and procedures.   Customers, business partners and employees may contact our Chief Privacy Officer in writing  at:
Trudell Medical Marketing Limited
758 Baransway Drive
London, Ontario N5V 5J7
Attention: Chief Privacy Officer
Email: yourprivacy@trudellhs.com
EXCEPTIONS TO USE
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information with outside parties in the following situations:
1.       to comply with any applicable law, regulation, or court order;
2.       where it is necessary to keep our web site in operation;
3.       to protect our rights and property and those of our users, providers, and agents; or
4.       as authorized by applicable law.
AboutOur TeamNewsOur HistoryQuality AssuranceProductsServiceCareersPartnersContact