http://www.britco.com/boxx-modular/canada/privacy-policy/
Black Diamond Group
BOXX Modular
MPA Systems
Black Diamond Camps & Lodging
Black Diamond International
COVID-19 Readiness, Response & Recovery. Learn More >
View Our Business Sites
Contact Us
1 800
527 4826
Contact Us
Search for:
Modular Buildings
Container Offices
Mobile Offices
Office Complexes
Portable Classrooms
Specialty Buildings
Storage Containers
Washrooms & Lavatories
Used Buildings for Sale
Custom Projects
Case Studies
Add-On Products
About Us
Benefits of Modular Buildings
Our Responsibility
Awards
News & Events
Our Team
Search for:
Modular Buildings
Container Offices
Mobile Offices
Office Complexes
Portable Classrooms
Specialty Buildings
Storage Containers
Washrooms & Lavatories
Used Buildings for Sale
Custom Projects
Case Studies
Add-On Products
About Us
Benefits of Modular Buildings
Our Responsibility
Awards
News & Events
Our Team
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to You
Britco is a business unit of Black Diamond Group Limited.
Black Diamond Group Limited and its subsidiaries (we, us and our) truly understand the importance of your privacy. Our commitment is to keep your privacy and Personal Information as required under Canadian privacy law. Our Privacy Commitment describes how we collect, use and share personal information. Our Privacy Commitment applies to all individuals and parties engaged in our business, including employees, contractors, consultants and other service providers.
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is any information in any form or media, about an identifiable individual, which includes any factual or subjective information about that individual (Personal Information). Normally Personal Information does not include business specific information like a job title or business contact details.
What Personal Information Does Black Diamond Group Collect?
Cookies
We use “cookies” to collect and store information when you visit our Website. A cookie is a technology that stores a small data file on a visitor’s computer browser directory to track the visit. For instance, when we use a cookie to recognize you as a previous user, it helps you resume where you left off, remember your preferences and other customized functions. As a result, it allows us to improve your visit by offering personalized content and information for your use, responding to your needs in a quicker manner and enhancing the overall experience on our Website. You may remove or disable the use of cookies on your web browser at any time, however doing so may result in limited Website functionality.
Web Tracking Information
We may use web tracking tools to maintain and to enhance our Website. Reports created using tracking information gives us insight into our user demographics, Website traffic patterns and other metrics. These reports will not be used to ascertain the identity of any individual person. We may provide these reports to advertisers and others for our research purposes. For example, we may use and apply Google Analytics and Advertising features, including:
Remarketing with Google Analytics;
Google Display Network Impression Reporting;
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting; and
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers
If you would like to be excluded from Google’s use of cookies, you can certainly do so by logging into your Google account to change the Ads Setting here. For more information on Google’s privacy policy in general and Google Analytics, please visit their website at www.google.ca/policies/privacy/ and www.google.com/analytics.
Surveys
Our Website may acquire feedback via surveys from time to time. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose to decline at any time. Survey information will be used solely for the purposes of ensuring your complete satisfaction on our Website and will not be shared with any other persons in a fashion that would allow a person to ascertain the identity of any individual person.
Why Do We Collect Personal Information?
As part of the normal operation of our Website we may request that you provide us with Personal Information about you so that you can receive additional information or utilize the various services offered. This information may be used to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze the usage of the site, to improve and customize our website's content and layout in order to tailor it to the needs of visitors. We may use your email address and, in certain situations, your mailing address and phone number, to contact you regarding administrative notices from time to time.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may use the Personal Information we collect for a number of different business purposes including to:
verify your identity and eligibility for our products and services;
answer your or your organization inquiries and requests;
track and analyze your preferences to better understand and respond to your needs and eligibility;
develop, improve, market and provide products and services to you;
maintain our relationships with you and your organization;
communicate information about special events, special offers, promotions and surveys from us;
tailor our online content based on your interactions with us and your preferences;
conduct research and analysis, planning, service development, security or risk management;
and operate, evaluate and manage our business.
We may also use your Personal Information for employee recruitment and assessment purposes. We do not sell, rent or otherwise provide any personally identifiable information to other people. We do not share or solicit Personal Information in any way.
We take great care to ensure that your Personal Information is securely stored. Please be aware that Personal Information may be used, processed and stored outside of Canada and may be subject to disclosure in accordance with the laws of such foreign jurisdictions.
Your Consent
By accessing and using our Website, you are consenting, except where required or permitted by law, to the use, collection and disclosure of your information as outlined in this Privacy Commitment. .
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Our Website may contain hyperlinks to another person's website or services for the purpose of your convenience or information, including social media wbsites. Should you choose to click on the hyperlink, even if it appears that you are still within our Website, you will be under the privacy policies and guidelines or the action of that other person's website. We are not responsible or liable for how other person's websites collect, use and disclose your Personal Information. We highly recommend you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies on any of those websites.
Sign-Up for News Alerts or Other Communications
We may offer various news alerts or other promotional communications that you can subscribe to. You can choose to unsubscribe from them at any time.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
To ensure the Personal Information held by us is accurate and current, at any time, you are entitled to request access to your Personal Information, and that it be changed. Please contact us using the details below to make a request. Upon receipt of your request, we will respond within a reasonable time.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information by maintaining appropriate safeguards against any misuse or loss from unauthorized and unlawful access, copying, modification and disclosure.
This includes:
adhering to our internal guidelines and rules on how we are to treat Personal Information, privacy and security in our business operations and systems; and
periodic monitoring and auditing regarding how we treat Personal Information, and addressing any concerns.
We will obtain the necessary support and cooperation of other people in order to effect our Privacy Commitment. We will only keep your Personal Information as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected, unless otherwise required by Canadian law.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may decide to change our Privacy Commitment from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the Personal Information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please check this webpage regularly for the current version.
Questions and Concerns? Contact Us
Should you have any questions, comments or concerns respecting our Privacy Commitment or your Personal Information please contact us.
Email: privacy@blackdiamondgroup.com
Phone: 403-206-4747
Mail: Black Diamond Group Ltd.
Suite 1000, 440 – 2 Ave S.W.
Calgary, Alberta T2P 5E9
A business unit of Black Diamond Group
Sitemap
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Call 1 800 527 4826
Feedback
How can our site be better?
How would you rate your overall experience with our site?:
LikeDislike
Select the category that best describes you:
ShareholderAnalystJob seekerCommunityEmployeeOther
More feedback:
Your privacy is important to us. Please do not include any contact information in your feedback.