http://www.plasticprinters.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en-us
In a Hurry?
Partners
Blog
Gallery
1.800.808.7472
Request a Quote
Quote
Plastic Business Cards
Plastic Business Cards
Business Card Design
Clear Business Cards
Custom Shapes
NFC Business Cards
Square Business Cards
Business Cards FAQ
Corporate Cards
Embossed Business Cards
Frosted Business Cards
Search by Industry
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
Gift Card Printing
Gift Cards FAQ
Gift Card Inspiration Gallery
Gift Card Accessories
Pre-Designed Gift Cards
Request Samples
Request a Consultation
Sample Terms and Conditions
Search by Industry
Key Tags
Key Tags
Key Tag Ideas
Combo Cards and Snap Off
Key Tags FAQ
Membership Key Tags
More Key Tag Ideas
More Key Tag Options
Fitness Key Tags
Custom Products
Custom Products
Key Tags
Badges and Passes
ID Badges
Event and Conference Badges
Access Passes
VIP Passes
Parking Permits
Card Printers
Menu Printing
NFC Cards
Safety & PPE Supplies
Browse COVID-19 & PPE Supplies
PPE Face Shield
Floor Decals
Ear Savers
Sure-Touch Sticks
Signage
Sneeze Guards
Luggage Tags
Signs
Door Hangers
Printers
Custom Coasters
Programs
Bookmarks
Invitations
Combo Cards & Snap Offs
Smart Connect
Smart Connect Membership
Smart Connect Gift and Loyalty
Smart Connect Business
Smart Connect Restaurant
Custom Plastic Cards
Custom Plastic Cards
Plastic Business Cards
Gift Cards
Membership Cards
Badges and Passes
ID Badges
Event and Conference Badges
VIP Cards
NFC Cards
Loyalty and Rewards Cards
Loyalty Cards
Reward Cards
VIP Cards
Promotion and Discount Cards
Discount Cards
Promo Cards
Fundraising Cards / Calendar
Medical Cards
Hotel Key Cards
Prayer Cards
Table Placement Cards
Wine Charms
Plastic Card Printers
Resources
Getting Started
Inspiration
Art Requirements
Templates for Designers
Custom Shape Cards
Online Accessories Store
Chances Are
About Us
Why PlasticPrinters?
Our Team
Our Process
Our Promise
Testimonials
Free Consultation
Privacy Policy
At Plasticprinters.com we value your privacy and keep client information confidential. In addition to this we have put a privacy policy in place to ensure your data is protected.
Plasticprinters.com recognizes the importance of maintaining your privacy. We value your privacy and appreciate your trust in us.
This Privacy Policy applies to current and former visitors to our website and to our online customers. By visiting and/or using our website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains the information practices that apply to personally identifiable information that we collect about you as an individual when you visit and/or use our website. Any information that we collect about you while you are visiting or using our website will be handled in accordance with this Plasticprinters.com Privacy Policy and will not be shared except in accordance with this Plasticprinters.com Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect: This section of our Privacy Policy describes the categories of information collected by Plasticprinters.com. All data that we collect is processed and stored at our location in Hastings, Minnesota. You have the option not to provide information, however, withholding information may prevent you from being able to use some features of our website.
Information Collected Automatically: Whenever you visit our website, we automatically collect some information about your transactions with us, and your use of our website. For example, we automatically collect your IP address, for Plasticprinters.com internal use only, such as to help us diagnose problems with our server and administer our website. We also automatically track certain information about your activities on our website such as the type of web browser you are using and click stream data. We use this information to do internal research on your interests and to help us better understand and serve you.
Information You Send To Us: If you choose to provide us with personal information, such as by sending us an e-mail or by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it to us through our website, we collect the personal information that you provide to us. For example, if you submit a quote with us, we collect your name and e-mail address. If you place an order with us, we collect the personally identifiable information that you provide to us such as your shipping, billing, and payment information. PlasticPrinters.com does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Information About Your Transactions With Us: In addition, we collect your order information and purchase and payment history.
Cookies and Similar Files Stored On Your Computer: Our website uses “cookies” and files that are similar to cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers created by your browser at our request and stored in an approved and standardized place on your computer. By transferring these cookies, Plasticprinters.com assigns you a unique customer code and record locater. Information about your activity on our website can then be included in your customer record, which is stored within the Plasticprinters.coms firewall. When you visit or return to our website, we read the cookie to identify you as one of our customers and help recall orders or preferences you have selected. The cookie also enables us to recall your past activities, post your account data, and tailor site elements and special offers to you. No personally identifiable information about you is stored on the cookie. Most Web browsers accept cookies by default, but allow users to reject cookies by changing the browser preferences. If you have set up your browser to reject cookies, some aspects of our website, including our Shopping Cart, will not work properly. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies and similar files by Plasticprinters.com only and does not cover the use of cookies and similar files by any third party advertisers or websites linked to the Plasticprinters.com website.
We may also disclose information we collect about you in other circumstances as required or permitted by law. For example, Plasticprinters.com reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information, including account information, when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to cooperate with an investigation of activities claimed to be unlawful, to enforce our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights or property of Plasticprinters.com or others. In addition, it is possible that in the future another company may acquire Plasticprinters.com or its assets. It is also possible that Plasticprinters.com may partner with or purchase another company to continue to do business as a combined entity. In the event that this occurs, it is possible that our customer information may be transferred to the new business entity as one of Plasticprinters.com assets. In such an event, we will update this policy to reflect any change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Communications from Plasticprinters.com. If you do not want to receive e-mails from Plasticprinters.com about products and services that may be of interest to you, simply indicate this preference by responding to the email address indicated in the email with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line.
Plasticprinters.com Address for Written Requests. If you choose to indicate your preferences by mail, please be sure to include your exact name, mailing address, telephone number and specific preferences and send your written requests to the following address
Plasticprinters.com 741 Spiral Blvd Hastings, MN 55033 USA
Website Security: We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to help us protect your nonpublic personal information. For example, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt your credit card information when you purchase products through our website.
Products
Custom Shapes
Business Cards
Clear Business Cards
Frosted Business Cards
Gift Cards
Key Tags
Discount Cards
Membership Cards
More Products
ID Badges & Employee Access Cards
Loyalty Cards
Event & Convention Badges
Key Tag & Card Combo
Menus
Printers
Rewards Cards
More Custom Products
Resources
In a Hurry
Partners
Accessories Store
Blog
Customer Service
Inspiration
Join Our Team
Contact
Talk to Us
1.800.808.7472
Have questions?
Chat with an Expert
See for Yourself
Order a Sample Pack
2020 PlasticPrinters, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Google