https://www.nes1.com/privacy-policy/
Press "Enter" to skip to content
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 4/01/2019
For California Privacy Policy click here.
National Enterprise Systems (“NES”) recognizes that the privacy and confidentiality of an individual’s personal information is important.  We are providing this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) so that you understand the information we collect and how we use it.  In order to address new issues, laws, changes to the website, etc., NES may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy.  Please refer back to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis as your use of NES’ website signifies that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
a. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information.  On certain areas of this website, NES collects personally identifiable information about you.  NES collects this information only when you voluntarily provide such information.  NES collects such information from you when you complete an online job application.  NES also collects personally identifiable information from you if you decide to forward a complaint to NES via NES’ website.
b. Use of Personally Identifiable Information. NES will not sell or otherwise transfer or disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties who are not affiliated with NES without your prior consent, unless as required by law.  Examples include court-ordered subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or as required by exigent circumstances.  We may use your personally identifiable information to tailor your experience on NES’ website, and to compile and display content and information that we think may interest you and/or to display content according to such preferences.
NES may use your profile information – which does not include personally identifiable information – on an aggregate basis to provide our editors with information that is useful in developing potential new features and content for NES’ website, and to provide sponsors and others with aggregate information about users of NES’ website and usage patterns on the website.  NES also reserves the right to perform statistical analysis of user behavior on an aggregate basis in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of NES’ website and to inform sponsors of such information.  Again, this use of your profile information on an aggregate basis does not include the disclosure of personally identifiable information.
NES’ website contains portals to third party sites that offer services through our website.  In this event, NES is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.  Users should review the privacy policies of such third parties before providing personally identifiable information.  NES’ website will inform you when you are leaving our website for a third party site.  NES’ privacy policies do not apply to any other websites, including those websites that can be reached via links from NES’ website.
c. Retention of Your Information. It is not possible for you to delete your profile from our database, nor is it feasible to delete all traces of your activity in the system.
d. Encryption Technology. NES uses Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption technology to enhance user data privacy and to help prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of the information provided by you through use of NES’ website.
e. Cookie Technology. NES collects non-personal identification information through the use of “cookie” technology and/or similar technologies, and/or third-party software.  The non-personal identification information collected might include information such as the browser used by you, the type of computer you use, its operating systems, Internet service providers and other similar information. NES’ system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on the website and about the links you may select from within the website to other sites.
NES does not control the use of cookies by advertisers or third parties displaying data on NES’ website or on the sites you visit by using links from NES’ website.  Please be aware that most browsers are set to accept cookies.  You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
f. Children’s Online Privacy.  The law requires parental consent to collect or use information from a child under the age of 13.  If you are a child younger than 13, please show this privacy policy to your parents and do not use the online services provided by NES without verifiable parental consent pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to Chris Taylor at ctaylor@nes1.com
Sidebar
Recent Posts
Employment Trends in the Debt Collection Industry
Common Myths About Paying Bills Online
Current Opportunities
at NES
Features and Benefits of Working at NES
Apply NowFor Collections Position
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Contrast
Choose color
black
white
green
blue
red
orange
yellow
navi
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Remove styles
Lights Off
Close
About NES
Blog
California Consumer Privacy Act Inquiry Form
Careers
Clients
Contact
Disclaimer
Feedback
Home Page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for California Residents
State and Federal Disclosures
Text Messaging Service Agreement
Upload