https://www.wagamama.com/privacy-policy
privacy policy
privacy policy wagamama group limited (“we” and ”us”) is committed to protecting your privacy.
this privacy policy should be read in conjunction with the accessibility policy on our website at www.wagamama.com (the “website”) of which it forms part (the “terms”).
this privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information, your rights in relation to that information and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please go to the ‘contact us’ section on our website www.wagamama.com/contact-us and you can ask us anything.
if you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must not use this website or submit information to us through or in connection with this website.
1. how we collect your information
when you use the website we may collect and process information about you. where you can be identified from this information (directly or indirectly), it will comprise your “personal information” and must be treated with additional care.
automatically collected
when you visit our website, we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including ip address, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, platform, device type, hardware model, mac address, unique device identifiers and mobile network information;
information about your visit, including the full url clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time);
information about your network, such as information about devices, nodes, configurations, connection speeds, and network and application performance and location information from wi-fi access points;
pages you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page;
information about your previous visits to the website
volunteered by you
you may provide us with your information in a number of ways, including:
completing forms on the website (such as "contact us" or “group bookings” forms);
corresponding with us by e-mail, phone or otherwise;
subscribing to email updates, newsletters or other subscriptions and features made available on the website from time to time;
using the provided wi-fi in one of our restaurants; reporting a problem or requesting support for the website; communicating with us through third party social media websites or applications (e.g. twitter, facebook, instagram); and participating in our contests, promotions, sweepstakes and surveys on the website.
the information we collect includes your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, social media account details (such as facebook and twitter), and any other information you provide on registration, on placing an order and through other means on the website, some of which will comprise your personal information.
if you are ordering a takeaway from one of our restaurants you may also provide us with your credit or debit card number and expiry date. we will not store this information which will instead be processed and stored by our payment providers in accordance with their privacy policies
when you buy a giftcard you may also provide us with your credit or debit card number and expiry date. this information will be processed by transasction wireless in accordance with its privacy policy.
2. nhs test and trace + your information
to support the nhs test and trace service, wagamama is required by law to collect and store a record of visits to our premises by staff, guests and visitors for the purpose of contact tracing
by capturing this information and sharing it with public health authorities when requested, we can help maintain a safe environment for our teams + our guests and help fight the transmission of coronavirus
what information is collected?
during your visit, we will collect your personal information for example when you use a facility such as our pay on phone service. you may also be asked to provide your information by scanning the wagamama test and trace qr code. the information collected will be:
the first and last names of the member of the party that is making the payment
a contact telephone number
a contact email address
please note that our system will automatically capture the date and time of the visit
once your information is collected
wagamama is responsible for compliance with data protection legislation for the period of time it holds the information. when that information is requested by the nhs test and trace service, the nhs would at that point become responsible for compliance with data protection legislation
nhs test and trace require us to retain this information for 21 days from the date of your visit, to enable contact tracing to be carried out correctly
how your information is used
we will only share information with nhs test and trace if it is specifically requested by them
for example, if another guest at the venue reported symptoms and subsequently tested positive, nhs test and trace can request the log of guest details for a particular time period and within a set proximity (for example, this may be all guests who visited on a particular day or during a particular time-band)
if the information is collected only for the purpose of contact tracing (for example, when you use the specific wagamama test and trace qr code it will not be used for other purposes, and nhs test and trace will not disclose this information to any third party unless required to do so by law (for example, as a result of receiving a court order). in addition, where the information is only collected for the purpose of contact tracing, it will be destroyed by wagamama 21 days after the date of your visit
if the information we collect is part of the information that we would usually collect, store and use in our ordinary dealings with you (such as the information we collect when you use our wifi or the pay on phone facility), this information will continue to be held after 21 days and we will use it as we usually would, unless and until you tell us not to
3. how we use your information
we process this information for the purpose of:
dealing with your inquiries and requests;
providing and personalising our service for you;
to notify you about changes to our service;
compiling your membership profile;
processing your payment;
crime prevention and prosecution of offenders;
as part of our efforts to keep the website safe and secure;
maintaining information as a reference tool or general resource (for analytics and research);
providing reservation or booking services;
gathering information to form statistical and trend analysis;
research and analytics on an aggregate and/or anonymous basis;
administering our prize draws and competitions (which will be subject to separate terms and conditions);
meeting legal, regulatory and compliance requirements;
providing you with member offers and information on products/services that may be of interest to you; and
carrying out market research campaigns.
whenever you order from wagamama (whether dine-in or click + collect) we will send you a one-off service email with a link to a survey, so that you can tell us how we did + what we could do better. the survey is voluntary. We will not send you marketing emails unless you opt-in to marketing.
we also gather this information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage and may provide such aggregate information to third parties. these statistics will not include your personal information.
if you choose to post messages in our forum, our social media pages (including facebook, twitter, youtube and instagram) or other message areas, we will collect that information you provide to us. we retain this information for the purposes set out in this privacy policy and as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. we may combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. we may use this combined information for the purposes set out above.
if you stop using the website or your permission to use the website is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy (as amended from time to time) and as permitted by law. however, if you wish us to stop e-mailing you with information in connection with the website, please click the "unsubscribe" link in the emails you receive from us or email gdpr@wagamama.com requesting to opt-out of marketing emails at any time.
4. your consent
your consent, to our processing of your personal information as set out in this privacy policy is the primary legal ground for our processing of your personal information. however, there may be circumstances where we may also rely on other valid legal grounds for the processing of your personal information, such as:
your request for content, goods or services which require us to take steps, including processing of your personal information, prior to entering into contract with you and any processing that is necessary for the performance of such contract;
any legitimate interests pursued by us as a business, except where such interests are overridden by your interests and fundamental rights; and
compliance with any legal obligation.
we reserve the right to amend or modify this privacy policy and if we do so we will post the changes on this page. it is your responsibility to check the privacy policy every time you submit information to us or place an order. use will signify that you agree to any such changes.
in the event the purposes for processing change, then we will contact you as soon as practicable and seek your consent where the change results in a new additional, purpose for processing.
5. information security
the internet is not a secure medium. however, we have put in place various security procedures as set out in this privacy policy.
please be aware that communications over the internet, such as emails are not secure unless they have been encrypted. your communications may route through a number of countries before being delivered – this is the nature of the internet. we cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.
we believe that we have appropriate policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control (having regard to the type and amount of that data) from unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
all of our employees and data processors that have access to, and are associated with, the processing of your personal information are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal information.
we ensure that your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities except if required by law or when requested to by regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations
6. to whom will your personal information be disclosed?
there are circumstances where we want to or are compelled to disclose your personal information to third parties. this will only take place in accordance with the applicable law and for the purposes listed above. your personal information may, for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, be disclosed for processing to:
our employees;
our affiliates;
our group companies and their employees;
to another legal entity, on a temporary or permanent basis, for the purposes of a joint venture, collaboration, financing, sale, merger, reorganisation, change of legal form, dissolution or similar event. in the case of a merger or sale, your personal information will be permanently transferred to a successor company;
third party consultants, contractors or other service providers who may access your personal information when providing services (including but not limited to it support services) to us;
government bodies and law enforcement agencies and in response to other legal and regulatory requests;
subject to your consent, to our marketing partners, who may contact you by post, email, telephone, sms or by other means. if you do not wish to be contacted, you can contact them to unsubscribe;
auditors or contractors or other advisers auditing, assisting with or advising on any of our business purposes, in any jurisdiction where we operate;
to public authorities where we are required by law to do so; and
to any other third party where you have provided your consent.
7. international transfer of personal information
we may transfer your personal information to a third party in countries outside the country in which it was originally collected for further processing in accordance with the purposes set out above. in particular, your personal information may be transferred throughout the wagamama group and to our outsourced service providers located abroad. in these circumstances we will, as required by applicable law, ensure that your privacy rights are adequately protected by appropriate technical, organisation, contractual or other lawful means.
please visit the ‘contact us’ section on our website https://www.wagamama.com/contact-us to request a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal information and privacy rights in these circumstances.
8. retention of your personal information
your personal information will be retained until your last use or purchase of our services or goods and normally for a period of three years thereafter, unless longer retention is required by applicable local law or where we have a legitimate and lawful purpose to do so. however, we will not retain beyond this period any of your personal information that is no longer required for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. the retention of your personal information will be subject to periodic review.
we may keep an anonymised form of your personal information, which will no longer refer to you, for statistical purposes without time limits, to the extent that we have a legitimate and lawful interest in doing so.
9. your rights in relation to your information
data protection law provides you with numerous rights, including the right to: access, rectify, erase, restrict, transport, and object to the processing of, your personal information.
you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority if you believe that your personal information is not being processed in accordance with applicable data protection law.
we will require proof of your identity before providing you with details of any personal information we may hold about you.
your rights are as follows:
right to make a subject access request (“sar”). you may request copies of your personal information.
if you would like to make a sar, i.e. a request for copies of the personal information we hold about you, you may do so by emailing us at gdpr@wagamama.com. we should be grateful if you would also provide brief details of the information of which you would like a (this helps us to more readily locate your data).
right to rectification. you may request that we rectify any inaccurate and/or complete any incomplete personal information.
you may do so by emailing us at gdpr@wagamama.com. we should be grateful if you would also provide brief details of the information of which you would like to be corrected (this helps us to more readily locate your data).
right to withdraw consent. you may, as permitted by applicable law, withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information at any time. such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your previous consent. please note that if you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to benefit certain service features for which the processing of your personal information is essential.
right to object to processing, including automated processing and profiling. you may, as permitted by applicable law, request that we stop processing your personal information in relation to automated processing and profiling, you may object to the processing and you will have the right to obtain human intervention. you may do so by emailing us at gdpr@wagamama.com
right to erasure. you may request that we erase your personal information and we will comply, unless there is a lawful reason for not doing so. for example, there may be an overriding legitimate ground for keeping your personal information, such as, a legal obligation that we have to comply with, or if retention is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations. you may do so by emailing gdpr@wagamama.com
your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. we suggest that you contact us by visiting the ‘contact us’ section on our website www.wagamama.com/contact-us about any questions or if you have a complaint in relation to how we process your personal information. however, you do have the right to contact the relevant supervisory authority directly. we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ico so please contact us in the first instance.
10. cookies
pieces of information transferred to your computer’s hard disk from a website are known as cookies. they allow our website to store information about your browsing patterns, making the website more useful to you. many major sites use cookies: in fact, they are commonly used throughout the internet to offer personalised services. most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. each time you use our website, the cookie is accessed. this way, we can track the features you use and the pages and content that you view on the website to help personalise your experience.
we use the following categories of cookies for our website:
strictly necessary cookies. these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around our websites and use its features. the information collected by these cookies relate to the operation of our website, for example website scripting language and security tokens to maintain secure areas of our website.
performance cookies. these cookies collect anonymous information about how you use our website, for example which pages you visit most often, whether you receive any error messages, and how you arrived at our website. information collected by these cookies is used only to improve your use of our website and never to identify you. these cookies are sometimes placed by third-party providers of web traffic analysis services, such as google analytics.
functionality cookies. these cookies remember choices you make, for example the country you visit our website from, your language and any changes you have made to text size or other parts of web pages that you can customise, to improve your experience of our website and to make your visits more tailored and enjoyable. the information these cookies collect may be anonymised and cannot be used to track your browsing activity on other websites.
targeting or advertising cookies. these cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. they are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
the cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks.
they remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers.
please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. these cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. we use google analytics. for information on how google processes and collects your information in regard to this product and how you can opt-out, please see here. we also use google adsense to publish adverts.
when you view or click on an advert a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other websites.
you may opt-out of the use of this cookie by visiting google’s advertising and privacy page.
for more information on managing cookies, please go to www.allaboutcookies.org, or visit www.youronlinechoices.com which has further information about behavioural advertising and online privacy.
you may disable cookie support on your browser but be aware that by doing so, you will lose certain features that require a cookie to work properly. we may use the information collected by the cookie to provide us with various statistics without identifying any individual.
11. use of your personal information submitted to other websites
we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you accessed the third party website using links from our website.
we recommend that you check the privacy policy of each website you visit and contact the owner or operator of such website if you have concerns or questions.
12. further information
for further information from us on data protection and privacy or any requests concerning your personal information please write to the data protection officer at the address above or email us from our contact page http://www.wagamama.com/contact-us