http://www.timeglow.com.au/pages/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECTWhen you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, timezone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally,as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.We collect Device Information using the following technologies:– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, andhow to disable cookies, visit https://www.allaboutcookies.org.– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages,and date/time stamps.– “Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.Additionally,when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address,shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfil any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:Communicate with you;Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; andWhen in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store–you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics tohelp us understand how our customers use the Site — you can read more abouthow Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.Finally,we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISINGAs described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below: – Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads– Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous– Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-adsAdditionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: https://optout.aboutads.info/. We reserve the right to use re-targeting via google, Facebook and its network.DO NOT TRACKPlease note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.YOUR RIGHTSIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.DATA RETENTIONWhen you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.CHANGESWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.MINORSThe Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.CONTACT USFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e mail or by mail using the details provided below:[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]PUJ Venture Pty Ltd, 4/11 Whipple Street, Perth WA 6021, Australia
TOP
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
View all products
Empty result
MY BAG
SUBTOTAL
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
VIEW SHOPPING BAG
Your shopping bag is empty.
MY WISH LIST
VIEW WISH LIST
Your wish list is empty.
HERE TO HELP
Thanks for subscribing!
Continue shopping
Our policy lasts 7 days from receipt of goods. If 7 days have gone by since your purchase, we can't offer you a refund or exchange. Unfortunately, we cannot accept returns for printed, embroidery items and items that are not faulty or damaged for instance if you change your mind or simply do not like the design. By placing the order, you accept this condition and are legally bound by it.We DO NOT:Accept returns for goods that are not faultyAccept returns simply because you changed your mindAccept returns simply because the items DID NOT FITAccept returns for any decorated itemsOur return policy is not negotiable so please bear this in mind before placing an order and accepting our terms and conditions on the checkout pageTo be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. It must also be in the original packaging. In accordance with the ACCC we cannot offer a refund unless the product is faulty or damaged. (You can ask a business for your preference of a free repair, replacement or refund, but you are not always entitled to one. For example, the consumer guarantees do not apply if you got what you asked for but simply changed your mind, found it cheaper somewhere else, decided you did not like the purchase or had no use for it.)In the event a return is authorised for a non-faulty item we do not refund any postage costs to and from you, we also reserve the right to charge a re-stocking fee of $20.00 or 30% of order value excluding shipping costs (whichever is greater).To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase and you will also be required to complete a returns authorisation form, please do not return the item without this form being approved by Flash Uniforms.  Upon placing an order, it is assumed that the buyer has agreed to the return's terms. All refunds are made onto the original payment method only. We do not accept any returns due to garment shrinkage, all of our garments are supplied by local Australian companies adhering to AU/NZ standards and shrinkage of the garments are generally due to the garments care instruction not being followed properly and washing them at higher temperatures than recommended- this is not deemed as a garment defect and we are not in a position to refund the purchase. Please do not send your purchase back to the manufacturer. We do NOT refund ANY delivery costs incurred to and from yourself. We shall not be liable for any courier costs and packaging costs including the costs of the goods for the returns. It is your responsibility to ensure the goods arrive at our destination in an acceptable state and it is deemed any damage in transit would be your responsibility and liability. All exchanges will be treated as a return and you will be required to order your exchange as a new order. Refunds (if applicable)Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days.Unfortunately, we cannot accept any returns for decorated garments unless due to a fault in the garment. In the event that the garments have been ordered in for decoration such as screen printing and embroidery and the client changes their minds for whatsoever reason, the full price of the garments will be charged including delivery and the full order will be treated as a normal refund including the re-stocking fee or alternatively you will be offered to purchase the garments only. Late or missing refunds (if applicable)If you haven't received a refund yet, first check your bank account again.Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.If you've done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at admin@flashuniforms.com.au. Sale items (if applicable)Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded. Exchanges (if applicable)We only replace items if they are defective or damaged. All exchanges are treated as a return and once processed you will be required to place a new order online for the goods.
WISH LIST AND COMPARE
Do you want to add products to your personal account?
YES
NO
Boxed
RTL
Animation
Documentation
BUY NOW!