http://www.washingtonsecurities.com/wsc/privacy-disclosure/
Privacy Disclosure
Washington Securities Corporation (WSC) values you as a client and, as always, respects your right to privacy. According to the recently adopted Regulation S-P, the Securities Exchange Commission requires us to detail our privacy protection policy annually, for the duration of our relationship. If after reading this notification, you still have any questions or comments, please contact us at (301) 657-4810.
In order to process securities transactions with WSC, we are required to collect and maintain certain information about you as related to your account. We gather this information through forms and applications, personal contact, activity within your account, and various types of direct communication, including postal mail and electronic mail. We may also find it necessary to obtain information about you from a consumer-reporting agency. The information collected may include your name, address, and Social Security Number or Tax Identification Number, and accounts held with other institutions.
We do not provide information about current or former clients to parties outside WSC except as follows:
To companies with whom we have joint marketing agreements. A joint marketing agreement is one in which another financial institution offers a product or service jointly with WSC, such as providing VISA card access to your account. These institutions are prohibited by agreement from using information about you except for the narrow purpose for which we gave it to them.
To other companies as necessary to process your business. Third parties in this category, like those in the category above, must limit their use of the information to the purpose for which it was provided.
As authorized by you.
Where required, or otherwise authorized, by law or regulation.
WSC will continue to maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that fully comply with federal standards to maintain the strict confidentiality of your information, and in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition, we provide access to information about you ONLY to those employees and authorized agents who require such information in order to best provide products and/or services to you.
James R. Johnson
President
About WSC
RBC Correspondent Services
Products and Services
Fee-Based Accounts
Our Professionals
Careers
A Message from RBC
Current Job Openings
Submit Your Resume
Investor Connect®