http://www.a-insights.com/privacy-policy.html
HomeAboutServicesMystery ShoppingVoCAuditsBenchmarkingShoppersContactPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy - EnglishPrivacy Policy - FrenchBar Manager T&Cs LatAm
Log In
Anonymous Insights, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “AI” or “The Company” or “We” or “Our”) is dedicated to protecting your privacy.  Please read the following Privacy Policy carefully so that you have a clear understanding of how your data is collected and how it is used. When you interact with one of our websites (www.a-insights.com or www.aishopdashboard.com) you are automatically accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.                                                                                                 PRIVACY POLICY WHAT WE COLLECT AND WHYGoogle analyticsOur website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and web page usage.CookiesCookies are pieces of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your device. These cookies allow us to see how and when pages on our websites are visited and by how many people.  These cookies do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”).  By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject cookies. The rejection or limitation of cookies by your browser may limit your ability to use the Site. Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”)This is information that you voluntarily provide.  It includes your name, Social Security number, driver's license number or state ID number, financial account number or credit or debit card number, e-mail address, work address, home address, or phone number.  AI will never share this information without your consent.When you register as a new shopper on our website (www.aishopdashboard.com) it is necessary for us to collect PII information so that we can offer you assignments for which you qualify.  You may opt out of email offers or delete your account entirely (including all PII information) at any time.  To do so, please go to your Shopper Profile.  If you need help doing this, please email us at  www.contactus@a-insights.com DISCLOSUREWe will not provide your personal information to any third parties, with one exception. We are occasionally contacted by other shopping companies seeking shoppers in particular cities.  We believe the Independent Shoppers are seeking a variety of mystery shopping work and would appreciate this sharing of information. The information we give these companies is limited to name and street address. Your email address will not be given out without your permission. When you click on hyperlinks on our websites that take you to third-party websites (Facebook Twitter Instagram etc.), you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policy statement whenever interacting with any website. SECURITY POLICY AI does not require you to share all the PII data mentioned above.  However, if you do not provide this information you may be excluded from certain assignments.  By providing your personal data, you are giving your voluntary, explicit consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy.We capture your personal PII data through the Company’s website, which is a secure site held on secure servers located in North America and operated by SurfMerchants, LLC, a SaaS (Software as a Service) company organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, with its registered address at 29 Winchester St, Boston, MA 02116, represented by Tony Felos, Managing Partner.AI will not sell, rent, or trade your personal information. We will only share your personal information with:Internal employees or contractors relevant to your information to whom it is reasonably necessary or desirable for us to disclose the personal data to,Service providers that AI retains to perform services on its behalf, such as IT-service providers (please note that these service providers are not permitted to use the personal data for their own purposes and are bound by their own contracts and privacy policies and laws),Law enforcement or other government authorities, if required by law or reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others or ourselves. AI will store any inactive accounts in our systems for 2 years.  If you have not logged in for 2 years or more, you will receive an email asking if you would like to continue working with us. If you choose to continue, your account will remain active; otherwise, your account will be deleted. However, in order to comply with the legal requirements listed below by countries we need to retain your PII data:In Hungary: name and address for the end of the 8th year upon termination of the Main Agreement in line with the Hungarian Tax Regime ActIn Belgium: name and address for the end of the 7th year upon termination of the Main Agreement in line with the Belgian Tax Regime ActIn India: Under Income Tax Law, documents (books of accounts and other relevant documents) are required to be kept for 8 years.In Chile: Paper documents and full records should be kept for 5 years.In Brazil: name, address, company registration number for the period of 6 years upon termination of the Main Agreement in line with the Brazilian Tax Regime Act. Undetermined period for Employee data and agreements.In China: Original payment documents should be kept for 10 years. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Any changes made to this privacy policy will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you when you next log onto one our websites. The new terms may be displayed on-screen and you may be required to read and accept them to continue.If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please email contactus@a-insights.com. This post is also available in Spanish, German, French, Swedish, Italian, Finish, Norwegian, Arabic
View on Mobile