http://www.pepperindia.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY
Pepper India Resolution Private Limited ("Pepper India") and referred to in this Policy as ("us," "we" and "our") seeks to provide the best possible services to its customers. We understand how important it is to protect your personal information. This document sets out our Privacy Policy commitment in respect of personal information that you may provide to us.
We will only use any personal information we collect about you for the purposes indicated in our policy, where we have your consent to do so, or as otherwise required or authorised by law. It is important to us that you are confident that any personal information we collect from you or that is received by us will be treated with appropriate respect ensuring protection of your personal information.
WHO IS PEPPER INDIA?
Pepper India is a Distressed Asset Management & Resolution Company. We act as servicer of loan portfolios operated by other lenders and we also process and assess information when investors invest funds via us.
Personal Information
When we refer to personal information, we mean information or an opinion about you, from which you are, or may reasonably be identified.
1. We do not require you to submit personal information to obtain access to most of our website.
2. Personal information may include name, title, company, address, phone number, email address, and other relevant data to enable us to respond to any enquiry. We acknowledge that questions or comments submitted by visitors in our enquiry form fields may also include personal information.
3. We collect and use personal information for business purposes in order:
That you may download product/service information, order products/service and/or make use of certain other features of our website.
To provide information or interactive services through this website, to your e-mail address or, where you wish it to be sent by post, to your name and postal address.
To seek your feedback or to contact you in relation to those services offered on our website.
To process or applications submitted by you.
To administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us.
To anticipate and resolve problems with services supplied to you.
To create products or services that may meet your needs.
To process and respond to requests, improve our operations, and communicate with visitors about our products, services and businesses.
To allow you to subscribe to our newsletter.
We will not use or share, with a third party any information collected at this page for direct marketing purposes. Because of the nature of the Internet, we may transmit the information to another country, but for purposes other than direct marketing such as for storage, or for carrying out the processing detailed above, or because of where our servers are located, this will only ever be within Pepper India and its affiliates (“ Pepper Group”).
To the extent required or permitted by law, we may also collect, use and disclose personal information in connection with security related or law enforcement investigations or while cooperating with authorities or complying with legal requirements.
We may also remove all personally identifiable information and use the rest of the unidentifiable data for historical, statistical or scientific purposes.
If you e-mail us, you are voluntarily releasing information to us. Your e-mail address will be used by Pepper India to respond to you. We may use the information that can identify you, such as your e-mail address, for direct marketing of our products or services.
In addition, we may have collected similar information from you in the past. By entering this website, you are consenting to the terms of our information privacy policy and to our continued use of previously collected information. By submitting your personal information to us, you will be treated as having given your permission for the processing of your personal data as set out in this policy.
The expression “product(s)” “service(s)” are used interchangeably and it shall mean one or the other context specific.
Non personal information
At this Website, information sent by your web browser may be automatically collected. This information typically includes your domain name (the site after the @ in your e-mail address). It may also contain your username (the name before the @ in your e-mail address). Other examples of information collected by our server include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect the visitor's computer to the Internet, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our website, pages viewed, information searched for, access times, websites visited before a visitor visits our website, and other relevant statistics. The amount of information sent depends on the settings you have on your web browser. Please refer to your browser if you want to learn what information it sends.
All such information will be used only to assist us in providing an effective service on this website. We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party websites from which it is possible to link to our website with information relating to the number of users linking to our website from such third party website. You will not be identified from this information.
We use the information we automatically receive from your web browser to see which pages you visit within our website, which website you visited before coming to ours and which sites are visited thereafter. We, at Pepper India develop statistics that are helpful to understand how our visitors use this website. We use this information in the aggregate to measure the use of our website and to administer and improve our website. This statistical data is interpreted by Pepper India in its continuing effort to present the website content that visitors are seeking in a format they find most helpful.
Our Website: Information placed on your computer
We may store some information such as cookies on your computer when you look at our website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the hard drive of a visitor's computer for record-keeping purposes.
This information facilitates your use of our website and ensures that you do not need to re-enter your details every time you visit it. You can erase or choose to block this information from your computer if you want to. Please refer to your browser settings to do so. Erasing or blocking such information may limit the range of features available to the visitor on our website.
We use also use such information to provide visitors a personalised experience on our website. We may use such information to allow visitors to use the website without logging on upon returning, to auto-populate email forms, to make improvements and to better tailor our website to our visitors' needs.
We also use this information to verify that visitors meet the criteria required to process their requests.
Security
We have implemented technology and policies, with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use of our system, and periodically review the same. However, our website is on the world wide web and internet security is a very dynamic issue. Hence, in cases where there is unauthorised access to or loss of data by hackers and other ‘cyber vandals’, viruses and other technical breakdowns resulting in the website being de-faced, presenting incorrect or inaccurate information, or experiencing downtime, Pepper India or its affiliates shall not be responsible.
Third Parties
For your convenience, this website may contain certain hyperlinks to other Pepper pages as well as to websites outside Pepper India. In addition, you may have been linked to our website from another website. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites, even if you access them using links from our website. We make no promises or guarantees regarding data collection on the hyper-linked pages and on websites that are not owned by Pepper. We recommend that you check the policy of each website you visit, or link from, and contact the owners or operators of such websites if you have any concerns or questions.
Cookies
We use ‘cookies’ to provide you with better and more customised service and with a more effective website.
A ‘cookie’ is a small text file placed on your computer by our web page server. A cookie can later be retrieved by our webpage servers. Cookies are frequently used on websites and you can choose if and how a cookie will be accepted by configuring your preferences and options in your internet browser.
We use cookies for different purposes such as:
to allocate a unique number to your internet browsers.
to customise our website and offers for you.
for statistical purposes.
to identify if you have accessed a Third-Party Website; and
or security purposes.
IP Addresses
Your IP address is the identifier for your computer when you are using the internet.
It may be necessary for us to collect your IP address for your interaction with various parts of our website.
Online Applications and enquiries
When you send a completed online application or enquiry to us, we retain the information contained in that application or enquiry. We can then use that information to provide any services that you require.
HOW SAFE AND SECURE IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE HOLD?
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information, by storing it in a secure environment, and when the information is no longer needed for any purpose for which the information may be used or disclosed, it will be destroyed or permanently de-identified.
We will also take reasonable steps to protect any personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
FURTHER INFORMATION AND COMPLAINTS
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us, or lodge a complaint please contact us by email at privacy@pepperindia.com.
We will deal with any complaint by investigating the complaint and providing a response to you within 15 business days. In cases where further information, assessment or investigation is required, we will seek to agree alternative time frames with you.
Change in our Privacy Policy
We frequently review all our policies and attempt to keep them up to date. Technology is constantly changing, as is the law and market practices. Therefore, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time or as the need arises. We will post any changes to this policy on our website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 25 June 2020.