https://www.prok.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
NEPEAN ENGINEERING & INNOVATION PTY LTD ACN 001 375 239 and NEPEAN BUILDING & INFRASTRUCTURE PTY LTD ACN 125 224 302 and its Engineering, Mining, Building & Infrastructure, Transport divisions and PROK Conveyor Components and its subsidiaries (NEPEAN or “us” or “we”) are bound by legislation in Australia and other jurisdictions where it conducts its business, related to how it collects, manages and transfers information (or an opinion) relating to an individual that can be used to identify that individual (personal information”). This Privacy Policy sets out how we work with you to comply with our obligations.
1. Why does NEPEAN collect personal information?
NEPEAN collects personal information about people we deal with (and others) in order to operate and to improve our businesses, to work with our partners and service providers and to meet our legal obligations.
2. We collect personal information from a wide variety of people including:
NEPEAN collects and manages personal information about:
our employees;
contractors who provide services to NEPEAN;
our customers; and potential customers
our suppliers; of products and services
job applicants; and
other people who may come into contact with NEPEAN or one of NEPEAN’s businesses.
3. The information we collect varies but can include (but is not limited to):
your name,
address,
contact details,
organisation,
identification,
positions held,
payment details,
credit information,
marketing information, and
other personal information to allow us to improve our products and services.
4. How do we obtain information about you
We obtain information about you from you, from your organisation and from third parties that have your personal information. For example, your personal details may be obtained by way of online or other documents you have completed, information you may provide directly or by email or online or other means or from publically available records and sources or from third parties who have your information and have authority to provide that information to us.
5. How do we use personal information and where might we transfer it?
NEPEAN may use all of the information we collect including but not limited to personal information to operate, support and to improve all aspects of our business including in relation to provision of finance and credit services. NEPEAN may share your personal information between all of the NEPEAN businesses and with third parties to operate and improve our business.. Our business currently operates over 4 divisions including Engineering and Innovation, Mining, Building & Infrastructure and Transport and these divisions will evolve over time. Our business is primarily based in Australia but operates worldwide. Our employees, contractors and customers are located around the world. We will use data collected to support and enhance our global operations. Examples of how we use personal information include –
To provide our products and services to you
To improve our product and service offerings
To provide marketing and other information about our business and related businesses
To work with our suppliers and our service providers
To verify your identify and communicate with you
To improve how all NEPEAN businesses can work with you
To operate our business, billings, collections, and other legal and financial processes and obligations.
To comply with our obligations.
6. How do we manage personal information?
NEPEAN trains its employees who handle personal information to respect the confidentiality of that information and the privacy of individuals.
7. Transfer your personal information to third parties?
NEPEAN’s business operates worldwide. To provide our products and services to you, we interact with our employees, contractors’ service providers and customers around the world. When we share your information with our subsidiaries and service providers, in Australia and overseas, we will make all reasonable efforts to require that recipients of information from us keep that data in the same manner as it is kept by us.
8. How do we store business records including personal information?
NEPEAN safeguards the security and privacy of your information. We take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We store information collected in hard copy and online. We store our business records including your personal information in our offices and online in systems managed by NEPEAN and by third parties. We may from time to time use cloud computing and Software as a Service (SaaS) IT solutions to manage our data requirements.
9. How do we keep our business records including personal information up-to-date?
We will update our business records as we conduct our business operations. We may use third parties to assist us in this task. We ask that you let us know as soon as possible if your personal details change.
10. You may review and update personal information we have collected about you.
To review personal information we have collected please contact the Privacy Officer at 23 Graham Hill Road, Narellan NSW 2567 or by email at privacy@nepean.com. We will update your information on receipt of your further instructions.
11. If you have any questions related to how we handle your personal information:
If you have questions about this policy or how NEPEAN has handled your personal data, please notify the Privacy Officer at 23 Graham Hill Road, Narellan NSW 2567 or via email at privacy@nepean.com. We will work with you to address any issues you raise.
For information about privacy generally, or if your concerns are not resolved to you satisfaction, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au
12. Updates to this Policy.
This privacy policy will be reviewed and revised from time to time. Your personal information will be governed by the most current privacy policy published by NEPEAN.