http://www.nuovorc.net/privacy/
(844) 34-NUOVO
info@nuovorc.net
Home Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Nuovo Revenue Cycle website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email, address, Phone number, Credit/Debit Card, Information (etc.) On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, when you send us claim information for processing, you will need to submit the patient’s information. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name, Address, Phone Number, SSN, insurance information. (etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself and the patient only to process your claim for third party reimbursement. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to submit the claim. We use the information you provide about someone else only to successfully process the claim. Information you submit on our website will not be used for any other purpose than the submission of claims. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, except if a procedure was done as a patient, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintained by Nuovo Revenue Cycle . We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 844-34-NUOVO or send us an email at info@nuovorc.net