https://www.domainvc.com/privacy-policy
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or contact us. When registering or contacting us on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the “Do We Use Cookies?” section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience: Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website: We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To send periodic emails: If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, event information etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please visit the News & Events Page of our website and follow the instructions to unsubscribe.
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do We Disclose Any Information To Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Disclaimer On Third Party Links
This website contains links to sites that are not maintained by or under the control of Domain Associates. Technical problems with outside links, other than a link that has been moved or changed, should be reported to the entity that maintains the site, not to Domain Associates. Domain Associates disclaims responsibility for the content of any third party website, and any link to a third party website does not constitute our endorsement of the contents of any third party website. Domain Associates is not responsible for the content, privacy practices, accuracy or reliability of any website accessed by a link from our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date. This policy was last modified on 03/01/2013.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us.
Interactive Timeline »