http://www.fsf.org.nz/Site/about/privacy-policy.aspx
About Us
Who we are
Our Members
Our Members
Affiliate Members
Member Obligations
Contact Us
Become a Member
Become a Member
Our Members
Member Obligations
Job Vacancies
Consumer Info
Consumer Information
Have a Problem With Your Finance Company?
Other Helpful Resources
Overseas Counterparts
Our Member Companies
COVID-19
Submissions
News & Media
Latest News
Media Releases
FSF in the News
Members' Hub
Contact Us
CONFERENCE 2020
Conference Home
Conference Programme
Speakers
Registration
Venue
Our Sponsors
Contact
Who we are
Our Members
Our Members
Affiliate Members
Member Obligations
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The Financial Services Federation Inc. (“FSF”) supports the protection of your privacy rights as an internet user. We respect your privacy and have therefore adopted this Privacy Policy to govern the relationship between us.
This Policy applies to personal information submitted by you on this website operated by FSF, and to any information automatically retrieved during your visits to this website.
The website operated by FSF is: www.fsf.org.nz . All other websites are to be regarded as third party websites.
All personal information collected from your use of the website is held in accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Act 1993. If you want to communicate with us about our Privacy Policy, please write to:
Privacy OfficerFinancial Services Federation Inc.P O Box 10-053Wellington 6143New Zealandfsf@fsf.org.nz
Consent to Privacy Policy:
By using this website you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Policy, please do not use this site.
Personal Information:
We will not use any information collected about you from your use of the website referred to above unless you have actively agreed to it being used in a specific manner. We will not contact you to discuss a product or service unless you have expressly requested that contact. FSF takes care to ensure that it adheres to the provisions of the Unsolicited Electronic Messages Act 2007 and will only collect and use information from you on this website in accordance with the Act the and Privacy Act 1993.
We will not under any circumstances release, sell, publish, or give away personal information to any other person or organisation unless required by law or subject to the consent of the information supplier. Information obtained from website users may be collated and used for statistical purposes, but will not identify the user in any way.
We will not collect from you any sensitive information relating to the prohibited grounds of discrimination set out in the Human Rights Act 1993 (namely, sex, marital status, religious or ethical belief, colour, race, ethnic or national origins, disability, age, political opinion, employment or family status, sexual orientation), other than with your express consent or where collection is either authorised by law or is reasonably necessary to enforce the law or to establish or defend a legal claim.
Only authorised employees of FSF are able to access your personal information.
Access to Personal Information:
You may request access to any personal information held about you and your request will be granted unless there are reasonable grounds to deny access. If you consider any information held is inaccurate, you may ask for a correction and you may at any time ask to be removed from any mailing or distribution list on which, previously, you have asked to be included. Written requests for access, correction and removal should be accompanied by proof of identity and should be made to: fsf@fsf.org.nz
Non-Personal Information:
Our website records standard information such as time, date and URL of request (the web page you arrived from) via our web servers. This information is recorded by all web servers and is used to improve the functionality, structure and performance of our website. We analyse non-identifiable web traffic data to improve our services and the use which visitors make of this website.
When you use the website our server logs the following information, which is provided by your browser:
Your server’s IP address (a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the Internet) or your personal IP address;
The type of browser and operating system you are using;
·The domain name of the referring site (e.g. the previous site that you visited).
This information does not personally identify you. We analyse this non-personal information for certain trends and statistics, such as which parts of the website users are visiting, which features or services are most popular and to measure the effectiveness of advertising. We do not disclose information about individuals except for the reasons set out above.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties:
Our website may contain links to third party websites that are not operated or controlled by us. Please note that FSF is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of those third party websites and the sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Third party websites should have their own privacy and security policies and we encourage you to read them.
Note again that the website operated by FSF is: www.fsf.org.nz and is covered by this Privacy Policy. All other websites should be regarded as third party websites.
Other companies or organisations that can be accessed via links on our website may collect information about you when you view or click on their link through the use of cookies or web bugs. It is emphasised that we cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these companies or orgnisations directly if you have any question about their use of the information they collect.
Changes to our Policy:
We may, at our discretion, update or revise this Policy from time to time. Any changes will take effect immediately once they are posted here, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at FSF.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or any other matter, please email fsf@fsf.org.nz .
MoST Content Management V3.0.7634