https://www.duramag.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Dura Magnetics, Inc. will not sell or provide any personal information to anyone without your permission.
Dura Magnetics, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website. If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us.
Types of Information
The following is an explanation of the types of information that are collected from visitors at this site.
Anonymous Information – Dura Magnetics, Inc. will track visitor activity to our site using IP addresses and set temporary cookies to track user sessions. This data helps us keep track of the number of visitors and help facilitate the dynamic nature of our site. This information is not connected in any way with personal information (name, address, etc.). The user’s identity remains anonymous with this type of information.
Registration Information – If a visitor to our site fills out the Registration form, this information will be used to process any orders, or initiate contact with Dura Magnetics, Inc. only. The registrant has the choice of being added to email or postal mailing lists but is not required to do so. No one outside of Dura Magnetics, Inc. will ever have access to your personal information.
Registration information is stored in a database on a secure server. The database is password protected and is only accessible by Dura Magnetics, Inc.’s servers and authorized personnel of Dura Magnetics, Inc.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Please be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to Dura Magnetics, Inc. web site are not covered by this privacy statement.
Back to Top
Send Us a Print or Ask a QuestionFull Name...*Email...*Phone...Company...*Message (If you know please list Material Type / Grade / Size & Quantity)...*Attach Drawing:Type the Characters:*SubmitThis field should be left blank Need to Know Magnetic Pull Force?Try our pull force calculators
Explore our TechTalk Blog
Expert Articles Dedicated to Engineered Magnetics and Magnet Solutions