http://www.huntsman.com/privacy/huntsman-online-privacy-notice
Online Privacy Notice
Online Privacy Notice
Privacy
Privacy
Online Privacy Notice
Processing of Personal Data of Applicants
Privacy Shield Policy
Cookies
Data Request
Effective Date: April 14, 2017
We at Huntsman International LLC and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Huntsman”) respect your concerns about privacy. This Online Privacy Notice applies to personal information we collect on our websites (collectively, the “Sites”), and describes how we use the information, with whom we share it and the choices available to users of our Sites regarding our use of the information. This notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how users can contact us about our privacy practices. This Online Privacy Notice applies to the majority of our websites; however, there may be occasions where there is a need to have a different privacy notice. As you visit other Huntsman websites, please check the Online Privacy Notice of each website that you visit as it may differ from this general Huntsman Privacy Notice.
Information We Collect
The types of personal information we collect through our Sites include:
Individual and business contact information (such as name, company name, job position, postal address, telephone numbers and email addresses)
Login credentials for the Sites
Contact information of others to whom users ask us to send information, as permitted by law
Cookie data and other browser-related information as further described in the “Information We Collect By Automated Means” section of this Online Privacy Notice, and
Other information that may be provided through the Sites (including through comments or questions fields).
Information you submit through our Careers pages is subject to a separate privacy notice available here.
Information We Collect by Automated Means
When you visit our Sites, we may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons and JavaScript. Our Sites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or another Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device. Our Sites may use cookies such as HTTP cookies. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all the features of our Sites.
In conjunction with gathering information through cookies, our web servers may log information provided by your browser, such as your device type, browser type, domain, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. The web server logs also may record information such as the address of the web page that referred you to our Sites and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. They also may log information about your interaction with the Sites, such as which pages you visit. We also may send instructions to your device using JavaScript or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details about your interactions with the Sites.
We may use third-party web analytics services on our Sites, such as Google Analytics. These services help us analyze how users use the Sites. The information collected for this purpose (including your IP address and other information collected by automated means) will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers. To learn more about opting out of these activities, click here.
We may use third-party plug-ins on our Sites, such as social sharing tools. The providers of these plug-ins may use automated means to collect information regarding your use of the Sites if you choose to interact with the plug-ins. This information (together with any additional information you submit using the plug-ins) is collected directly by the provider of the applicable plug-in and is subject to the privacy policies of that provider.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information described above to:
Provide our products and services
Establish and manage your HuntsmanService account or reset your password
Locate products and obtain safety data sheets, place orders, access invoices and other order-related documentation, obtain logistics information and facilitate warehousing requests
Respond to your inquiry or communicate with you about your requests, questions and comments
Send you an Investor Kit, financial information or other corporate information about Huntsman
Send information to your contacts if you ask us to do so
Communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, conferences, programs, surveys and market research
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our products and services; managing our communications; analyzing our products and services; and performing accounting, auditing, financial and economic analyses and other internal functions)
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities, and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and the provisions of this Online Privacy Notice.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before collecting information by automated means using cookies or similar automated means. Information about our cookie practices in the EU is available here.
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described in this Online Privacy Notice. We may share personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that verify information and provide web hosting, analytics and marketing services. We also may share the personal information we obtain with our subsidiaries and affiliates.
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by applicable law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government entities including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect from you. You may choose not to receive email communications from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails. To update your preferences or submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the “How To Contact Us” section of this Online Privacy Notice. To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, delete or block the information by contacting us as indicated below. Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you through the sites to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Online Privacy Notice.
If you are resident in the EU or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of your personal information to countries outside of the EU or Switzerland (as applicable). Huntsman complies with the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EU or Switzerland respectively to the U.S. Huntsman has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield principles. If there is any conflict between this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield principles, the Privacy Shield principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ or click here to view our EU and Swiss Privacy Shield Privacy Policy.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, organizational, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information obtained through the Sites against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Links to Other Websites and Apps
Our Sites may provide links to other websites or apps for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Linked sites and apps may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked websites are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the websites’ or apps’ content, any use of the websites or apps, or the privacy practices of the websites or apps.
Updates to Our Online Privacy Notice
This Online Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a prominent notice on our Sites to notify you of any significant changes to our Online Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
How to Contact Us
You can request additional information on our GDPR and privacy-related activities by contacting us at huntsman.com/contact
You also may write to:
Huntsman International LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
10003 Woodloch Forest Drive
The Woodlands, Texas 77380 USA
Phone: (281) 719-6000
Fax: (281) 719-4045
If you are located in the EU or Switzerland, please write to:
Huntsman Surface Sciences
Attention: Division Compliance Champion
Concordia House, Glenarm Road
Wynyard Business Park
Billingham TS22 5FB
United Kingdom
Phone: +44 (0) 1740 661500
Fax: +44 (0) 1740 608241
If you are based in Germany and have additional questions or concerns, you may contact one of our Data Protection Officers or the regional German Data Protection Authorities.
For Huntsman entities in the North Rine-Westphalia and Baden-Württemberg regions, please write to Dr. Marco Wessels at: Huntsman Advanced Materials (Deutschland) GmbH, Ernst-Schering-Strasse 14, 59192 Bergkamen, Trottäcker 22, 79173 Bad Säckingen
For Huntsman entities in the Bavaria and Lower Saxony regions, please write to Alfons Hof at: Huntsman (Germany) GmbH, Land-Au 30, 94469 Deggendorf, Hafenringstasse 1, 49090 Osnabrück
For Huntsman Textile Effects entities in the Bavaria region, please write to Angela Gerich at: Huntsman Textile Effects (Germany) GmbH, Rehlinger Strasse 1, 86462 Langweid
For Huntsman PUR systems entities in the Lower Saxony regions, please write to Bjöm Voitil at: PUR Systems GmbH, Werner-von-Siemens-Strasse 22, 49124 Georgsmarienhütte
To initiate a complaint about the Company's Personal Data practices please complete the complaint form and send it to the Huntsman Privacy Officer at the below contact information.
Huntsman International LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
Wade Rogers, Senior Vice-President, Global HR
10003 Woodloch Forest Drive
The Woodlands, Texas 77380 USA
Phone: (281) 719-6000
Fax: (281) 719-4045
Huntsman Online Privacy Notice – EEA/Swiss Addendum
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, the following additional EEA/Swiss-specific provisions apply to the processing of your personal information.
Relevant Data Controller
In addition to Huntsman International LLC, our subsidiaries and affiliates located in the EEA and Switzerland obtain personal information in connection with the Sites.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal information collected through our Sites is retained only as long as (i) it is needed for the purposes for which it was obtained, in accordance with the provisions of this Online Privacy Notice or (ii) we have another lawful basis for retaining that data beyond the period for which it was necessary to serve the original purpose for collecting the data.
The above Huntsman Online Privacy Notice can be downloaded in PDF form here.