https://www.solentscales.co.uk/privacy_policy.html
Tel: 01243 697372
Search
Search
Products
Vehicle Weighing
Weighbridge
Axle Weigh Pads
Instrumentation
Laboratory Scales
Analytical Balances
Precision Balances
Moisture Analysers
Portable Balances
Medical Scales
Baby Scales
Chair Scales
Bed Scales
Wheelchair Scales
Floor Scales
Column Scales
Handrail Scales
Hoist Scales
Theatre, Swab & Mortuary Scales
Sanitation
Industrial Scales
Pallet Truck Scales
U Frames
Load Monitoring
Platform Scales
Crane Scales
Weigh Beams
Industrial Floor Scales
Small Format Weighing
Bench Scales
Compact Bench Scales
Counting Scales
Check Weighers
Retail Scales
Weight Indicators
Stock Clearance
Test Weights
Individual M1 Brass Cylindrical
M1 & F1 Stainless Steel Cylindrical
M1 & F1 Stainless Steel Box Set
Individual M1 Iron Hexagonal
Individual M1 Iron Bars
Slotted Iron M1 Weights
Slotted Brass M1 Weights
Services
Service Packages
Scale Hire
Calibration
Scale Repair
Resources
Blog
Guides & Advice
FAQs
Environment
Contact Us
Solent Scale Services Limited Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy in Brief
Solent Scales is committed to protecting your privacy and has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website at URL: www.solentscales.co.uk.
Solent Scales does not disclose visitors’ information to third parties.
Any information that you provide us with, whether it be business or personal information (such as your name or address), cannot be seen by third parties.
This site may at times contain links to other, third party websites; Solent Scale Services Limited is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
This privacy statement is not presented as a legally binding contract.
Privacy Policy in Detail
Information We Collect and Use
There are sections in our website where we may ask you to register in order to gain access to high value documents, or to be able to download various items, or to make contact with Solent Scales. Any information you provide will remain the secured property of Solent Scale Services Limited. Under no circumstances will it be sold or rented to any third party. Solent Scales may, however, use your contact information to send you any information you have specifically requested or any other information or news about our company and services. Your details may be used in an aggregated form for marketing analysis of our website traffic.
In addition to any personal information you may provide, Solent Scales Limited may, on occasion use software or other tools that enable the collection of relevant technical information, for example the IP address (Internet protocol) (IP), the operating system deployed on your computer, the browser used for access, various traffic patterns, as well as the address of any referring websites. Solent Scales Limited always traces how a visitor arrives at the Solent Scales website, however we will not attempt to gather information from websites that you have visited prior to visiting the Solent Scales website.
General Data Protection Regulations
One of the biggest changes to UK data privacy law comes into effect on 25 May 2018. The General Data Protection Regulation, also known as GDPR, means that you'll have more control over how your data is used. It ensures that organisations protect your personal data better. To reflect these changes and new obligations, we've updated our privacy notice which now tells you what we do with your personal data, how it's used and your rights as an individual under the new law.
Most of your information will have been provided by you, or created through your use of our
products and services.
Use of Personal Information
Solent Scales may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide information or services that you have requested.
To help us manage our content to ensure it is relevant and appropriate to you.
To alert you to company news, product upgrades, other updated information and new products and services from Solent Scales Limited.
Hyperlinks to Other Websites:
Solent Scales Limited may provide links on our site that direct to external, third party websites.
We have no control over the content other sites, nor the usage of information they gather.
We recommend that you always review the privacy policies at any third party sites you visit; they may not follow the same policies as us.
Information We May Hold About You
Name
Business Name
Business Address
Email Address
Business Phone Number
Business Mobile Number
Business Fax Number
Serial Numbers, makes and models of scales you have purchased or had repaired/calibrated by us
Where is Your Information Stored?
Any information we hold about your business is stored in a password protected database on password protected computers. Act! & Sage Accounts are the databases we use.
We also hold information on your scales and orders within our filing cabinet system.
Opting Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options to discontinue receiving future communications by any of the following means:
Send an e-mail to klee@solentscales.co.uk or admin@solentscales.co.uk indicating your request to be unsubscribed from a specific list.
In writing to: Solent Scales Services, Unit 9, Quarry Lane, Chichester, West Sussex, PO19 8QA
You can call our Data Protection Officer Cathy Slade on this telephone number: 01243 697372
Your Rights
You have a number of legal rights to control what we do with your information. For example,
you can ask us to tell you what information we have about you and get a copy of it; correct or
update information that is wrong; stop using your information in certain circumstances; stop
sending you marketing material; or send some of your data to someone else for them to use.
Our Use of Cookies
The Solent Scales Website Cookie
The Solent Scales website uses a “session cookie” to identify your browser “session” as you move between pages on the website and perform activities. The cookie is named c2solentscales_dumvchpzhk1 and will last for 3 months.
The website cookie allows our website to recognise each subsequent request from your browser as being the same browser that made the initial request to our website.
By knowing that each subsequent request is related to the first, our website is able to track your actions as you move around the website and to provide interactive features. By analysing how our website is being used in general, we can improve the website experience for future visitors. Should you experience any problems in using our website, our website developers may be able to use this information to track down your specific “user journey” and investigate and fix any issues that might arise.
The cookie itself is a very small text file that is stored on your device (for example, your PC or your phone) by your web browser. It contains a simple text code that your browser sends back to our website each time you browse to a new page. This allows the website to look up your specific session and associate data for that session with your browser. The data itself is not stored in your cookie but on the server(s) operating the website.
Each page on our website is generated by a sophisticated Content Management System (CMS). This system provides a number of interactive features where your experience may be tailored according to your past activity on the website. Such features require the “session cookie” to operate.
The session cookie provides the ability for you to log on to our website using your unique user name (or e-mail address) and password.
Each page on our website may be tailored to you uniquely, based on your past activity on the website, for example to show your name.
The session cookie provides the means to remember your log on state and hence your discussion forum preferences, such as your nickname and the date of your last post.
The session cookie provides the means for you to take part in votes (or polls) on the website.
The session cookie provides the means to remember that you have submitted a form so that you are not asked to re-submit it.
The session cookie provides the means to remember which files you have requested to be sent to you by email and the date and time at which such requests were made.
The session cookie provides the means to remember whether you have ‘like’d our Facebook page.
As we improve our website over time, similar and more advanced features may be added that also require a “session cookie” to operate.
Google Analytics
The Solent Scales website uses cookies to allow Google Analytics to function correctly. Google Analytics is a free web analytics tools that helps us understand how visitors engage with the Solent Scales website. These cookies have names that begin with __utm such as __utma and __utmz.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously; it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. The cookies store information such as the number of visits to the website and what site referred the visitor to the web page. We use the information to view reports about how visitors interact with the website and to help us improve the website. A different set of cookies is used for each website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites.
Information about these cookies and how to reject or delete them: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html and http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ads/#toc-analytics.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Google’s privacy policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
How to Control and Delete Cookies
You may restrict or block the cookies which are set by the Solent Scales website, or any other website, through your browser settings.
To find out more about cookies and how to manage them, visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the Solent Scales website.
Local Shared Objects (Flash Cookies)
The Solent Scales website uses Adobe Flash Player to provide video content. Local Shared Objects (commonly known as Flash Cookies) may be used to improve user experience, for example to save your playback preferences. Flash Cookies are similar to cookies, however they are managed differently.
How to Disable Flash Cookies:
Information on how to disable and delete Flash Cookies is provided on the Adobe website at http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security.
Your experience of the Solent Scales website may be affected if you restrict the use of Flash Cookies.
Edit Your Marketing Channel Options
How this information is used
Your data will not be shared with third parties
You will only be contacted via the channels you have opted in to
Your data will only be stored for these purposes
Necessary Cookies:
Necessary Cookies are required for the normal function of this website. These cookies can be disabled in the browser settings.
Analytical Cookies:
Enabling Analytical Cookies provides information that helps us to improve the website
Tracking Cookies:
Tracking Cookies allow us to understand your flow and interaction through the website so we can make improve navigation
Social Cookies:
Enabling Social Cookies turns on Social Sharing buttons throughout the site
Confirm
Our Products
Laboratory Balances
Medical Scales
Vehicle Weighing
Weighing Scales
"Solent Scales provide us with excellent service, they are reasonably priced and reliable. We use them to service our scales because they are always efficient & we receive excellent customer care".
Louise Knight, Office Manager - The Condiment Company
Useful Links
Contact Us
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site Map
Newsletter<
Sign up for our newsletter and receive £10 off your next order over £100.
Sign Up
Solent Scales Services Ltd
Unit 9
Quarry Lane
Chichester
West Sussex
PO19 8QA
Copyright © 2020 Solent Scale Services Ltd. All Rights Reserved. | Powered by Intergage