http://www.mattresswarehouse.com/privacy-policy.html
COVID-19 Message
Updated Store Hours
TRACK YOUR DELIVERY | 1-866-637-3778
SHOP
CURRENT DEALS
BLOG
FIND A STORE
COVID-19 Message
Updated Store Hours
SHOP
CURRENT DEALS
STORE LOCATOR
BLOG
CONTACT US
SHOP<<
Mattresses
Adjustable Bases
Pillows
Protectors
MORE PRODUCTS
Tempur-Pedic
Sealy
Stearns & Foster
MORE BRANDS
MORE CATEGORIES  >>
SHOP<<
Twin
Full
Queen
King
MORE SIZES
HomePrivacy Policy Privacy Notice
Mattress Warehouse respects your privacy and has prepared this privacy notice to describe how personal information is being collected, used, maintained, protected, and disclosed.
Please read our privacy notice carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information collected on this website, in email, or through other electronic messages between you and this website. This notice does not apply to information collected from you offline or through other means, including any other website offered by an affiliated company.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY NOTICE CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION AND HOW WE WILL TREAT IT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES, YOUR CHOICE IS NOT TO USE OUR WEBSITE.
This privacy notice may change from time to time and your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old, nor are 13 year olds permitted to use this website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at:
customerexeperience@sleeponthebest.com
What personal information do we collect from the people who visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, or other information
by which you may be personally identified ("personal information"). We may also collect information that is about you individually, but does not identify you, such as information about your internet connection, usage details, and other similar information.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you provide it to us directly, through registering on our website, placing an order, subscribing to a newsletter, filling out a form, opening a Support Ticket, providing us with feedback on our products or services, or entering information on our website.
We also may collect information automatically as you navigate through the website, including IP addresses, usage information, and other information gathered through cookies or other tracking technologies.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other website features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products.
To follow up with you after correspondence with us (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
How do we protect your information?
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we take commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
All credit card transactions are processed through a third-party provider and payment information is not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the website's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current website activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction so that we can offer better website experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interactions to offer better website experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly, or your site experience may be less efficient.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to outside parties. This does not include business partners, affiliates, contractors,and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
We may also disclose your information to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, or other transfer of some or all of our company.
However, non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How does our website handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our website allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy notice, you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.mattresswarehouse.com
1721 Jaggie Fox Way
Lexington, KY 40511
United States
customerexeperience@sleeponthebest.com
304-586-2863
JUST ONE MOMENT!
Mattress Warehouse is now Sleep Outfitters.
Same great people and brands in the same locations - just a whole new way to get the best sleep of your life.
If your page does not automatically redirect click the button below.
Continue in new tab