http://www.wakelyactuarial.com/privacy-policy
Services
Valuation & Financial Reporting
Actuarial Modeling
Experience Analysis
Rate Increases
Pricing & Product Development
Commission Valuations
Other Services
Product Expertise
Senior Market
Supplemental Health Insurance
Life Insurance
About Us
Who We Are
Our Team
Our Clients
Blog
Contact Us
(727) 373-4558
Request a Quote
Connect With Us
Privacy Policy
This is the web site of:
Wakely Actuarial Services, Inc. 33920 US Highway 19N, Suite 151 Palm Harbor, FL 34684
We can be reached via e-mail at info@wakelyactuarial.com or you can reach us by telephone at 727-373-4558.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
We do not set any cookies.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number.
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
About Wakely Actuarial
Wakely Actuarial is an independent firm providing exceptional actuarial, regulatory compliance, and risk management consulting services to the life and health insurance industry.
Wakely Actuarial offers practical advice and cost-effective consulting solutions to the business challenges that each of our clients face. We provide our services with both a personal touch and strict adherence to the highest ethical standards.
Quick Links
Services
Product Expertise
Who We Are
Blog
Contact Us
Get In Touch
(727) 373-4558
Wakely Actuarial
33920 US Highway 19 N Suite 151 Palm Harbor, FL 34684
Copyright 2020
Wakely Actuarial
by Craft Impact Growth Agency |
Privacy Policy
|
Login