http://www.ebcflex.com/privacy.aspx
Employee Benefits Corporation | National Third Party Administrator
GO
Home+ProductsThe BESTflex PlanThe EBC HRACOBRASecureSimplyHSACompliance ServicesCommuteEaseBilling ServicesRequest A Quote+Support+ParticipantsUsing BESTflex FSAUsing CommuteEaseUsing EBC HRAUsing SimplyHSA+EmployersMy BESTflex PlanMy BESTflex Premium Only Plan (POP)My COBRASecureMy CommuteEaseMy Compliance ServicesMy EBC HRAMy SimplyHSAMy Employer Online Account+EducationCompliance BuzzNews CenterWebinars+About UsCareersContact UsOur StoryEmployee OwnershipCharitable Giving+Quick LinksClaim FormDirect Deposit Authorization FormFSA, HSA, and HRA Eligible ExpensesCOBRASecure Direct Payment FormParticipant Authorization FormLetter of Medical NecessityEnrollment Toolkits for EmployersPlan LimitsList of IIAS RetailersIIAS Retailers Store Locator
|
Login
GO
Home
Products
The BESTflex Plan
The EBC HRA
COBRASecure
SimplyHSA
Compliance Services
CommuteEase
Billing Services
Request A Quote
Support
Participants
Using BESTflex FSA
Using CommuteEase
Using EBC HRA
Using SimplyHSA
Employers
My BESTflex Plan
My BESTflex Premium Only Plan (POP)
My COBRASecure
My CommuteEase
My Compliance Services
My EBC HRA
My SimplyHSA
My Employer Online Account
Education
Compliance Buzz
News Center
Webinars
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Our Story
Employee Ownership
Charitable Giving
Quick Links
Claim Form
Direct Deposit Authorization Form
FSA, HSA, and HRA Eligible Expenses
COBRASecure Direct Payment Form
Participant Authorization Form
Letter of Medical Necessity
Enrollment Toolkits for Employers
Plan Limits
List of IIAS Retailers
IIAS Retailers Store Locator
|
Login
Privacy Statement
Employee Benefits Corporation is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Employee Benefits Corporation Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Employee Benefits Corporation website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Employee Benefits Corporation collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Employee Benefits Corporation also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Employee Benefits Corporation. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Employee Benefits Corporation for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Employee Benefits Corporation Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Employee Benefits Corporation public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Employee Benefits Corporation
does not read any of your private online communications.
Employee Benefits Corporation encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Employee Benefits Corporation so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Employee Benefits Corporation is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Employee Benefits Corporation
and Employee Benefits Corporation family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Employee Benefits Corporation collects and uses your personal information to operate the Employee Benefits Corporation
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Employee Benefits Corporation also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Employee Benefits Corporation and its affiliates. Employee Benefits Corporation may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Employee Benefits Corporation does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Employee Benefits Corporation may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Employee Benefits Corporation
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Employee Benefits Corporation, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Employee Benefits Corporation does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Employee Benefits Corporation keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Employee Benefits Corporation, in order to determine what Employee Benefits Corporation services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Employee Benefits Corporation to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Employee Benefits Corporation Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Employee Benefits Corporation or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Employee Benefits Corporation; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Employee Benefits Corporation, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Employee Benefits Corporation Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Employee Benefits Corporation pages, or
register with Employee Benefits Corporation site or services, a cookie helps Employee Benefits Corporation
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Employee Benefits Corporation Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Employee Benefits Corporation
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Employee Benefits Corporation services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Employee Benefits Corporation secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Employee Benefits Corporation secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Employee Benefits Corporation will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Employee Benefits Corporation encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Employee Benefits Corporation is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Employee Benefits Corporation welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Employee Benefits Corporation has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Employee Benefits Corporation at it@ebcflex.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright © 2020 Employee Benefits Corporation
|
Privacy Statement
|
Terms of Use