http://www.gastrocareer.com/cm/terms
Sign in Create New Job Seeker Account Forgot password
Create New Job Seeker Account Create New Employer Account
Create New Job Seeker Account Create New Employer Account
Sign in Forgot password
Sign in Create New Job Seeker Account Forgot password
Sign in Create New Employer Account Forgot password
Home
Job Search
Join Us
Resources
About us
Contact Us
Job Seeker
Employer
Sign up  |  Sign in
The #1 Gastroenterology Job Site
Employer & Recruiter
Call us 706-955-1123! Login or Register
Discipline:
Select All Admin/Operations Allied Health Biotechnology/Research Dental Nursing Pharmacy Physician Mid-Level Providers Other Medical Medical Sales
Specialty:
Select All
Sub-Specialty:
Select All
State:
Select All Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming CA-Alberta CA-British Columbia CA-Manitoba CA-New Brunswick CA-Newfoundland CA-Northwest Territories CA-Nova Scotia CA-Nunavut CA-Ontario CA-Prince Edward Island CA-Quebec CA-Saskatchewan CA-Yukon US-Samoa US-Federated States of Micronesia US-Guam US-Marshall Islands US-Northern Mariana Islands US-Palau US-Puerto Rico US-Virgin Islands International
Advanced search
Terms and Conditions
This page states the “Terms” under which you may use PhysicianCareerJobs.com network (“we” or “our”), and “Terms” under which you may not use PhysicianCareerJobs.com network. If you do not accept the Terms stated here, do not use this web site and service. PhysicianCareerJobs.com is the all encompassing physician job site of an entire network of niche physician  job sites as listed on the bottom of this page.  All terms stated equally apply to the entire network of job sites.  By using this web site, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by these Terms. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms because we may revise these Terms by updating this page.The terms “You” and “User” as used on this page refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing this web site for any reason.  All Agreements for services are set to automatically renew upon expiration of term of Agreement unless notified by client of non-renewal in original contract or upon written or verbal communication on a month to month contract. Prohibited Uses Recruiting/Staffing firms and employers, including anyone associated with a job board or employment service of any kind are strictly prohibited from logging in as a Job Seeker. Recruiting/Staffing firms and Employers are only authorized to register and login in the Employer/Recruiter login or registration page, and pay the fees for posting jobs and viewing job seeker profiles. Only legitimate job seekers may login or register through the Job Seeker login or registration page. Anyone else caught doing so may be subject to prosecution. We provide this type of security for the privacy of our Employers, and to ensure that we are not being cheated out of our fees. Some of our employers do not wish that other competing practices in their area know the details of their job opportunity, nor do they want recruiters soliciting them daily. We respect their confidentiality and privacy. PhysicianCareerJobs.com may not be used for the following:
Our site may not be used for unlawful purposes. Posting any false or inaccurate biographical information.
Deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity. You may not use your password for any purpose that is unauthorized or transfer that password to a third party. Users are strictly prohibited from violating the security or system of PhysicianCareerJobs.com in anyway including but not limited to gaining access to areas that you are not authorized, overloading, flooding, spamming, mailbombing, submitting a virus, crashing or sending unsolicited e-mail.
User Information PhysicianCareerJobs.com does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of information or communication posted by users or endorse opinions expressed by users. We are not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by users. We will from time to time perform random review of information posted on our site and may investigate any allegations from users about material and at our sole discretion determine whether to remove or request removal of the communication or information. We have no responsibility or liability in regards to removing or not removing any communication or information. We reserve the sole right to expel users and prevent their further access to our site for violating our "Terms" or any unlawful activity, and the right to remove any communication or information. You must not post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy rights of others. You must not post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another user or any other person or entity. You must not post advertisements or solicitations of business. You must not post a sexually-explicit image or statement. You must not post material that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or any other device that might cause damage to anyone. You agree by your use of our site to grant us non-exclusive right and license to use material you’ve submitted for the intended purpose of our employment site as stated in PhysicianCareerJobs.com’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and as stated on the site itself. This also means that you grant permission of any subscriber of our site to access, display, view, store and reproduce any content you place on this site for personal use.
Password Protection You are responsible for all uses of your information and to keep your password confidential. PhysicianCareerJobs.com’s Liability PhysicianCareerJobs.com site works as a passive portal of information for employers and employment agencies to post jobs and job information and candidates to post CV/resumes and profiles and inquire about jobs. We are not responsible or guarantee in any way the quality, safety, accuracy or legality of jobs, CV/resumes or other information posted. We are not responsible or promise that an employer will fill a certain job or that a candidate will find a job using our site. You assume all risks associated with communicating with other users whom you come into contact with at our site. All business dealings are between you and the other user, and thus you agree to release PhysicianCareerJobs.com's from claims, demands and damages of every kind and nature arising from use of our site. We welcome your suggestions and input in how to improve our site for our users, but once submitted these suggestions and input become the property of PhysicianCareerJobs.com, and thereby we have the exclusive right and unrestricted use of your suggestions and input. Our site makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of any site content. Our site is not liable for any damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption from the use or of site or material contained on it. Our site is provided on an “as is” basis without any warranties of merchantability, or fitness for particular purpose.
Links to Sites PhysicianCareerJobs.com contains links to other sites. These sites have their own policies and practices with respect to online privacy, and PhysicianCareerJobs.com cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites. In addition, PhysicianCareerJobs.com’s advertisers or subscribers may ask you for personal information. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of our advertisers or subscribers.
You the user agree to hold harmless our site, its officers, directors, employees and agents from any claims, actions or demands from your use of the material or breach of the terms of this “Terms” policy. See our Privacy Policy.
Featured Jobs
Seeking Urologist for Community Hospital Setting Outside of Atlanta and Macon
Atlanta,
Georgia
Surgery - Cardio Thoracic
Urologist Opening with School Loan Repayment and Signing Bonus
Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania
Urologist Needed to Join Larger Group in Western PA
Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania
Recruiting Now
Job Seekers
Quickly sign up for new job alerts, advance job searches and confidentiality options!
Popular States: Alabama | Alaska | Arizona | Arkansas | California | Colorado | Connecticut | Delaware | District of Columbia | Florida | Georgia | Hawaii | Idaho | Illinois | Indiana | Iowa | Kansas | Kentucky | Louisiana | Maine
About us
Job search
Candidate area
Employer area
Contact us
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
©2014 All Rights Reserved. A part of the MedicalCareerJobs.com & PhysicianCareerJobs.com networks. Powered by JobMount