http://www.ncbiotech.org/privacy
Skip to main content
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Main navigation
Funding
Company Funding
Research Grants
Event Grants
Past Awards
Awardee Resources
External Funding
Talent & Careers
Networking
Spaces
Conference Center at NCBiotech
Incubators and Accelerators
Library
NCBiotech Landing Pad
Reserve a Conference Facility
Resources
Life Science Intelligence
Company Directory
BATON Referral Network
Partnership Opportunities
Entrepreneur Resources
Business Retention Program
Core Labs
Utility Menu
Why North Carolina
Our Community
About NCBiotech
Footer Menu
About
Transforming Life Science
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Image Gallery
Donate
News
Events
Jobs Board
Privacy Policy
North Carolina Biotechnology Center Website Disclaimer
Thank you for visiting the North Carolina Biotechnology Center website. NCBiotech may provide links to Web pages that are not part of the ncbiotech.org domain. These sites are managed by organizations, companies, or individuals and not under our control. Therefore we can't be, and are not, responsible for the information you may find on these sites.
The Biotechnology Center provides links to these sites merely as a convenience and the presence of these links is not an endorsement of these sites. The Biotechnology Center is not responsible for the information collection practices of non-Biotechnology Center sites. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site, and you should read that site's policies on privacy and information collection.
Biotechnology Center Website Privacy Notice
Cookie technology may be implemented at some Biotechnology Center Web pages. At no time is private information you have given us, whether stored in cookies (persistent) or elsewhere, shared with third parties that have no right to that information. If you do not wish to have persistent cookies stored on your machine, you can turn them off in your browser. This may impact the functioning of some Biotechnology Center Websites, however.
Third-Party Applications
We also may share aggregated, nonpersonal information about website usage with unaffiliated third parties. This aggregate information does not contain any personal, identifiable information about our users.
Google Analytics is implemented across our site to learn about user activity. This includes information such as time and length of visit, how users get to our site, and how they engage with content throughout the site.
We also use social tracking cookies such as the Facebook Pixel and LinkedIn Insights Tag to understand how users migrate from those social platforms to our website through paid advertising. These tracking tools allow us to build custom audiences to ensure we are targeting ads to users who have a high interest and will benefit the most from seeing paid content across social platforms.
Below are examples of what we do with your information:
When Reading or Downloading Website Information
We may collect and store information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different pages of our Website to help make them more useful to visitors. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and Internet Provider address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our Website;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you visited this Biotechnology Center Website from a link on another Website, the address of that Website.
Similar information is gathered for anonymous ftp, remote account login or for other comparable types of connections.
The information that you provide on a Biotechnology Center Website will be used only for its intended purpose, except as required by law or if pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings.
Registration
The Biotechnology Center does offer online registration for a variety of events. Payment information is guarded using secure protocols such as SSL (Secure Socket Layer) / digital IDs which protect the information transferred between the browser and your Web server.
Other information collected at the Website through questionnaires, feedback forms, or other means, enables us to determine visitors' interests, with the goal of providing better service to our customers.
Regardless of the information transmitted to the Biotechnology Center, we will protect all such information consistent with the principles of the Federal Records Act, the Privacy Act, and as applicable, the Freedom of Information Act.
When sending e-mail
By sending us an electronic mail (e-mail) message, you may be sending us personal information such as your name, address, and e-mail address. We may store your name, address and e-mail address of the requester in order to respond to your request or otherwise resolve the subject matter of the e-mail.
Remember that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is sensitive, or includes personal information such as your Social Security number, you might want to send it by postal mail instead.