http://www.vandemoortele.com/en/legal-information
Skip to main content
Legal information
Home
Legal information
You are explicitly requested to take note of the information below. This information relates to your use of this web site (hereafter referred to as the “Vandemoortele web site”) and to the information and images found on this web site.
The information and images on the Vandemoortele web site have been made available by Vandemoortele nv, Ottergemsesteenweg-Zuid 816 in 9000 Gent, Belgium, a company which is part of the food group Vandemoortele, consisting of wholly–owned subsidiaries of Vandemoortele nv or affiliates of Vandemoortele nv, hereinafter referred to as ‘Vandemoortele’.
By accessing and using the Vandemoortele web site, you accept to observe all the conditions and guidelines set forth herein, as well as all legal provisions related to the use of the Vandemoortele web site.
1. INFORMATION CONCERNING PRIVACY AND THE PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
By visiting the Vandemoortele web site, you may make available personal data to Vandemoortele and its affiliated companies, such as, your name, e-mail address, contact details, etc.
At Vandemoortele, a European leader in the production and sale of food products, the confidentiality and the protection of personal data is guaranteed in compliance with all applicable legal rules and regulations.
We invite you to take the time to read the Vandemoortele Group Privacy & Personal Data Protection Policy that explains how and why we collect personal data, which personal data we process, how we protect personal data, and how long we keep these for, what your rights are and how you can contact us.
Your privacy is important to us.
2. COPYRIGHT
The entire contents of the Vandemoortele web site, including the design of the web site, texts, layout, drawings, photographs, films, graphic representations as well as all and any further elements pertaining to these web pages as well as their selection and presentation, are the exclusive property of Vandemoortele nv and are governed by and protected under Vandemoortele nv copyrights or have been included as part of the Vandemoortele web site with the explicit permission of the relevant owner. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Copying sections of the Vandemoortele web site, either by electronic means or by way of hard copy, is permitted exclusively to comply with specific requirements as part of a contractual relationship with Vandemoortele nv and under the condition that no copyright or other ownership references have been removed.
Any other use of the Vandemoortele web site, including the reproduction, modification, alteration, translation, distribution and re-publishing as well as creating links to the Vandemoortele web site for personal, public or commercial purposes, other than those specified above, are strictly prohibited unless given prior explicit permission of Vandemoortele nv in writing.
Downloading or copying data or images as used on the Vandemoortele web site do not result in any transfer of rights on any type of software or other materials.
Any infringements will be prosecuted by any means made available by the applicable legislation.
3. TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
The Vandemoortele web site displays a variety of signs which are capable of being represented graphically, particularly words (including personal names), designs, letters, numerals, the shape of goods or of their packaging, photographs, images, trademarks, trade names, etc.
Each of these signs has been registered in the name of Vandemoortele nv, Vamix nv, Vandemoortele Lipids nv and / or in the name of another company within Vandemoortele, and this either inside and/or outside the territory of the European Union.
All page headers, specific graphic representations and icons, are service marks, trademarks, drawings or models exclusively owned by Vandemoortele nv and/or a company within Vandemoortele.
All other trademarks, product names and company names or logo’s (no apostrophe), included in the Vandemoortele web site are the exclusive property of their respective owners.
4. DISCLAIMER
The Vandemoortele web site is made available on an "as is" basis by Vandemoortele nv.
By doing so, Vandemoortele nv neither makes any explicit or any implicit acknowledgement, nor does it provide any guarantee of any kind with regard to the Vandemoortele web site or its contents.
Specifically, Vandemoortele nv neither makes any explicit nor any implicit acknowledgement, nor does it provide any guarantee of any kind with regard to the following :
that the information on the Vandemoortele web site is or would be fit for commercialisation and/or suitable for any other purpose;
that the information on the Vandemoortele web site is accurate, complete or up-to-date;
that you will be able to use the Vandemoortele web site or that it will be available on a permanent basis in either its present or any future form or format;
that the software that is available from the Vandemoortele web site or any other types of materials, is free from viruses or defects or compatible with your hardware;
It is your responsibility :
to use anti-virus software or any other type of software or materials available from the Vandemoortele web site or not compatible with your own software;
to verify whether - and if so, to what extent - the contents or information made available through the Vandemoortele web site is either accurate, complete or up-to-date;
The editorial contents of any web site accessed by you, by using a hyperlink available on the Vandemoortele web site, is strictly subject to the responsibility of the party making this other web site available.
Except as provided for in the exceptions detailed below, Vandemoortele nv will in no way assume responsibility or liability, either for negligence, infringement of contractual commitments or any other reason, for the loss of or damage incurred by yourself in any which manner (included, without restriction, direct losses or damage, indirect losses or consequential damage, loss of goodwill, loss of opportunity, loss of information or loss of profit) as a result of : (i) computer viruses or other ‘bugs' transmitted from the Vandemoortele web site, (ii) your use or incompetence with regard to the use of the Vandemoortele web site or any disruption of the Vandemoortele web site being available, (iii) your use of or reliance on other web sites which you have accessed by way of hyperlinks made available on the Vandemoortele web site, (iv) any type of inaccurate information published on the Vandemoortele web site or (v) your non-compliance of applicable legislation and rules and regulations as applicable to you or in the event you should choose to rely on the Vandemoortele web site.
Nothing contained in this legal information can be used to either limit or exclude our responsibility or liability towards evil intent, death or personal injury resulting from gross negligence or wilful misconduct on our part.
Prices, information regarding product availability, as well as all product information, if any, are subject to alteration without prior notice.
The companies within Vandemoortele as well as all and any of its administrators, employees or representatives will not be responsible for or liable for any which type of damage resulting from or related to the use of the Vandemoortele web site.
The above serves as an all-encompassing restriction of liability which applies to any form of damage, including - and not restricted to – repairment damage, direct or indirect losses or consequential losses, loss of data, revenue or profits, loss of or damage to property and third party claims.
5. APPLICABLE LAW AND COMPETENT LAW COURTS
The above conditions and guidelines are governed by Belgian law.
The Belgian courts will be exclusively competent in settling any disputes, controversies or claims resulting from or relating to the above conditions and guidelines, both with regard to the existence, the validity or the enforceability thereof, insofar as no amicable out-of-court settlement can be reached to terminate any such dispute, controversy or claim.
Home
Legal information
Market adaptive Footer Sitemap Menu
Our Products
Bakery Products
Margarines, Culinary Oils & fats
A Cleaner Future
Private Label & Customisation
Inspiration
Our Recipes
Our Company
Our Vision
Research & Development
Our History
Sustainable Development
News & Media
Product News
Company News
Sustainable Development
COVID-19
Investors
News
Financial instruments
Financials
Shareholders information
Corporate governance
Calendar
Careers
Working at Vandemoortele
Meet the Team
Open positions
Contact us
Home footer
Home
Footer menu
Cookie statement
Cookie settings
Legal Information
Privacy & Data Protection Policy
Supplier information