http://www.kastalon.com/return-policy/
A globally recognized custom polyurethane manufacturer
Literature Downloads
News
About Us
Contact Us
|
Help
Customer Service (708) 389-2210
Returns (708) 389-2210
Email Us
Returns
Return Policy
Kastalon IncReturn Policy
Return Policy
1. Give us a call and we’ll get the process started
Customer Service:
708-389-2210
(Choose SALES)
Monday to Friday:
8:00 a.m. – 4:30 p.m. CST
2. Receive Return Material Authorization
We’ll send you a Return Material Authorization (RMA).
3. Pack It Up & Arrange to Ship It Back
Pack the product in its original packaging. Include all items and note any missing parts. Choose your preferred carrier.
4. Receive Refund or New Item
Once the product is received and verified, we’ll issue your refund or ship the new item.
Returns
Thank you for shopping with Kastalon, Inc. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, you have 30 days from your order date to make a return. All regular returns are subject to a restocking fee of 15% of the purchase price.
To be eligible for a return, an item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it. Your return needs to include the original packing slip to be accepted. Item must be returned in its original condition. Once the incoming inspection determines that the item qualifies, a credit less a 15% restocking fee will be applied to their credit card.
Acceptable Return Exceptions
You placed an order over the phone and we sent you the wrong item.
The product you received has a manufacturer's defect.
Remember to inspect freight orders upon delivery, and do not accept delivery if the item is damaged or not what you ordered. Refuse the order and call us right away at 708-926-7123.
Shipping
You will be responsible for covering return shipping costs.
Refunds
Once the incoming inspection determines that the item qualifies, a credit less a 15% restocking fee will be applied to your credit card.  You will receive a refund in the form of a credit to your original payment method [ie. credit card used at time of purchase] within 7 days of us receiving your return. Shipping costs for the original order are not refundable.
What Items are Not Eligible for Return
Some items are not eligible for return. These items include:
Items with visible wear and tear.
Items that have been installed, modified, drilled, or cut.
Returns After 30 Days
Need to return something that was delivered more than 30 days ago? It'll be subject to manufacturer approval, plus a 15% restocking fee if the manufacturer will accept it. Give us a call at 708-389-2210 and we'll help get the process started.
Common Reasons for Return
Defective Product
We handle hundreds of thousands of items, and sometimes things go wrong. If an item arrives to you defective, let us know and we'll make it right.
Damaged Product
Items ship out all the time, and sometimes accidents happen. Though rare, sometimes items can arrive to you with damaged packaging. Let us know right away if this occurs.
Incorrect Product
Incorrect orders happen, we understand. If you receive an incorrect order, give us a call. Sometimes it's a simple fix, and if not we'll get the return process started. Either way, we'll make it right.
Lost Package
Processing time differs from order to order. If your package tracking information says delivered but you haven't received it yet, let us know. We'll get in touch with the shipper and track it down. If we can't find it, we'll ship a new product and handle the claim. First, double check the package isn't hidden or with a neighbor/coworker for safe keeping. If it's still lost, let us know so we can file a claim. We'll process your replacement and handle the details so you can rest easy.
Don't Like It
Has your item arrived but it doesn't look the way you envisioned it? We completely understand and want you to be happy with the products you order from us. Give us a call, and we'll get a return started.
We're here to help. Contact Us.
CUSTOMER LOYALTY SPECIALISTS
708-389-2210 (Choose SALES)
sales@kastalon.com
Mon - Fri: 8:00 a.m. - 4.30 p.m. CT
Sat & Sun: Closed
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
0