http://www.cherrywood-av.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Cherrywood AV Ltd
My Account
My Wishlist
My Basket
Checkout
Log In
01924 278009
Call for advice - Lines open 9am - 5.30pm (Mon - Fri)
HomeInstallationsMaintenance & ServiceTrainingHireHelpContact Us
Search Site
Search:
Search
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Categories
Home
Best Sellers
Projectors
Projectors
Best Sellers
Wall Mounted
Short Throw
Business
Conference
Education
Home Cinema
Large Venue
Business Projectors
Education Projectors
Film Projectors
Home Cinema Projectors
Extreme / Ultra Short Throw
Short Throw Projectors
Interactive Projectors
High Brightness Projectors
Portable Projectors
Ultra Portable Projector
Large Venue Projectors
Photography Projectors
Lampless / Laser Projectors
3D Projectors
SVGA Projectors
XGA Projectors
WXGA Projectors
Full HD 1080p Projectors
WUXGA Projectors
4K Projectors
Slide Projectors
Projection Screens
Battery Powered
Green Screens
Portable Screens
Super Portable Screens
Tripod Projector Screens
Manual Projector Screens
Electric Projector Screens
Fast Fold Screens
Fixed Frame Screens
Tab Tensioned Screens
Ceiling Recessed Screens
Rear Projection Screens
Electric Floor Raising
Multi-format Screens
Winch / Dual Motor
Acoustically Transparent
Outdoor Projector Screens
2D and 3D Combi Screens
3D Projector Screens
Screen Accessories
Screen Winches
Trim Kits
Drape Kits
Fast Fold Screen Fabrics
Mounting And Extension Brackets
Control Options
Screen Cases
Easy Reach Poles
Acoustic Transparent / Micro-perforated Screens
Grey Projection Screens
High Brightness / High Contrast Screens
Ultra HD / 4K Screens
Interactive Whiteboards / Devices
Interactive Whiteboards
Interactive Flat Panels
Interactive Projectors
Interactive Table
Dry Wipe Interactive
Benq Interactive Screens
Sharp Interactive Screens
Smart
All Smartboard Devices
Smart Flat Panel Range
Interactive Screens
Smartboards
Smart 2000 Series
Smart 400 Series
Smart 600 Series
Smart 6000 Series
Smart 7000 Series
Smart 800 Series
Smart MX Series
Smart Kapp Series
Smart Podiums
Smart Software Licenses
Smartboard Bundles
Clearance Smartboards
Smart Speakers
Smart Accessories
Viewsonic Touch Panels
CTouch Screens
Interactive Screens
Ctouch PC Modules
CTouch Accessories
Mensa Table
Mounting Solutions
CTouch Software Packages
CTouch Warranties
CTouch Delivery Packages
Clevertouch/Cleverboard
Clevertouch Screens
Accessories
NEC
Ebeam Interactive
Copyboards
Dry Wipe Whiteboards
Interactive Whiteboard Accessories
Trolleys
Speakers
Cables
Brackets
Remotes
Touch Screen Displays
All Touch Screens
Interactive Touch Screens
32"
40"-42"
46"-47"
50"-55"
57"-60"
65"
70"
75"-80"
84"-105"
Accessories
Digital Signage
Kiosks
Projectors
Digital Media Players
Players
Stick PCs
Screens
BenQ
Nec
Philips
Samsung
LG
Panasonic
Sharp
Smart
Sony
Viewsonic
Accessories
Displays & TVs
Public Displays
Monitor Parts & Accessories
LED TVs
Flat Panel Displays / Monitors
High Brightness
Protective Glass
Ultra High Definition
Video Walls
Weatherproof Displays
Flat panels accessories
Desk Mounts
Ceiling Mounts
Wall Mounts
Stands + Trolleys
display privacy filters
Touch Screen Overlays
Lifts
Stereoscopic 3D glasses
Lecterns
Acrylic Lecterns
Metal Lecterns
Wood Lecterns
Optional Extras
Projector lamps & bulbs
Original OEM lamps
GO-Lamp lamps
Diamond lamps
Smart Projector Lamps
Pro-Gen Projector Lamps
Projector Bulb Only
Generic lamps
Visualiser / Document Camera
Visualisers
Visualiser Accessories
Video Conferencing Solutions
Wireless Presentation Systems
Wireless Video Systems
Wireless Microphones
Presentation Remotes
Gyration Mice + Keyboards
Dictaphones
Accessories
light pens
Audio Systems
KEF Audio Systems
KEF Home Theatre Systems
KEF Subwoofers
KEF E Series
KEF T Series
KEF Accessories
Induction / Hearing Loops
Hearing Loops
Accessories
AV receivers
Audio Amplifiers
audio mixers
Home Cinema Systems
Loudspeakers
Soundbar Speakers
Speaker Sets
Home Audio / Hi Fi
Subwoofers
Microphones
Microphones
multiroom audio controllers
Televisions & Accessories
Home Audio
Home Audio Components
Projectors & Accessories
Signal Processing & Distribution
Brackets and Stands
Cabinets
Carts And Charging Units
Multimedia Carts
Charging Carts
Accessories
Whiteboards + Flat Panels
Wall Mounts
Lifts
Stands + Trolleys
Accessories
TV + Monitors
Wall mounts
Lifts
Stands + Trolleys
Desk mounts
Projectors
All Projector Mounts
Ceiling Mounts
Adjustable
Fixed
Suspended Ceilings
Boom Arms
Wall Mounts
Trolleys
Cages
Lifts
Accessories
Lift Accessories
Workstations
Notebook Arms & Stands
Computer Desks
speaker mounts
CPU mounts
Wall & ceiling mounts accessories
Installation Accessories
Wireless Units
Cables And Adapters
AV Cables
VGA cables
Computer Cables
Displayport Cables
HDMI Cables
Adapters
Displayport HDMI
Displayport VGA
DVI VGA
Control Systems
Faceplates
Cables
Module Units
Control pads and remote controls
console extenders
AV extenders
Audio Converters
Audio Switches
Scan Converters
Video Converters
Video Switches
video splitters
Video Test Pattern Generators
Clearance
Graded Products
Training Services
Installation Services
Maintenance Services
Privacy Policy
Cherrywood AV Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place robust physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online, or through electronic communications or from any over the phone communications.This policy (together with our terms of use available here and upon request and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.cherrywood-av.co.uk you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
The rules on processing of personal data are set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).
1. Definitions
Data controller - A controller determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.
Data processor - A processor is responsible for processing personal data on behalf of a controller.
Data subject – Natural person
Categories of data: Personal data and special categories of personal data
Personal data - The GDPR applies to ‘personal data’ meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier (as explained in Article 6 of GDPR). For example, name, passport number, home address or private email address. Online identifiers include IP addresses and cookies.
Special categories personal data - The GDPR refers to sensitive personal data as ‘special categories of personal data’ (as explained in Article 9 of GDPR). The special categories specifically include genetic data, and biometric data where processed to uniquely identify an individual. Other examples include racial and ethnic origin, sexual orientation, health data, trade union membership, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs.
Processing - means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Third party - means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
2. Who are we?
Cherrywood AV Limited is the data controller. This means we decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes. Our contact details are:
Cherrywood AV Limited Office 5 Springfield Mills Business Centre Spa Street Ossett West Yorkshire WF5 0HW T: 01924 278009
For all data matters contact our data representative at the address above.
3. The purpose(s) of processing your personal data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
- To maintain our own accounts and records;
- To inform individuals of news, events, offers or activities;
- To process orders, payments and refunds;
- You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our website (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our newsletter, search for a product, place an order on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, compare products on our site and when you report a problem with our site.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact our data representative on support@cherrywood-av.co.uk.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
4. The categories of personal data concerned
With reference to the categories of personal data described in the definitions section, we process the following categories of your data:
- Personal data: your title, name, company name, billing address, delivery address, email address, telephone number, fax number, VAT number, company registration number, bank account number and sort code, credit card information
- Technical information including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform
- Information about your visit including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
5. What is our legal basis for processing your personal data?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
- Consent of the data subject
- Processing necessary for the performance of a contract: To process orders, maintain warranty and licence records and to provide pre and after sales service.
- Processing necessary for compliance with a legal obligation: For accounting and administrative purposes and records required by government bodies
- Legitimate Interest: This means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
6. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential and will be shared only with employees who are authorised to access this data in order to process orders and provide pre/after sale services and for accounting purposes.
Your data may be shared with selected third parties including:
- Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you.
- HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom
- Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
- Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
- In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
- If Cherrywood AV or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
- If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Cherrywood AV, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
- Our chosen courier partners for delivery of your order which is a third-party company. This application requires your delivery address, and contact details to arrange the delivery for you and keep you notified of progress.
- Any custom made, bulk items or direct shipments directly from our suppliers or partners for delivery of your order which is a third-party company. This application requires your delivery address, and contact details to arrange the delivery for you and keep you notified of progress.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep your personal data for no longer than reasonably necessary for a period of 7 years in order to meet applicable legal and regulatory requirements, and exercise or defend legal claims.
8. Providing us with your personal data
We require your personal data as it is necessary for administrative and accounting purposes and in order to process payments and fulfill orders. You are not obligated to provide your personal data but we will not be able to enter any contract with you or offer our services without it.
9. Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
10. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
- The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
- The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
- The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
- The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable i.e. where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and where the data controller processes the data by automated means);
- The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
- The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable i.e. where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at support@cherrywood-av.co.uk.
No fee required – with some exceptions
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
11. Transfer of Data Abroad
We do not transfer personal data outside the EEA.
12. Automated Decision Making
We do not use any form of automated decision making in our business.
13. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Privacy Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions.
14. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
15. How to make a complaint
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact our data representative at our address: Cherrywood AV LTD Office 5 Springfield Mills Business Centre Spa Street Ossett West Yorkshire WF5 0HW
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England.
16. Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
- Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
- Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
- Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
- Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 1 hour.
17. Payment Card Security
When you pay for your order by credit or debit card, the transaction is processed by SagePay.
SagePay is the union of Protx, the fastest growing payment service provider (PSP) and Sage, one of the UK’s most trusted business brands. They securely process millions of transactions each year for our 30,000+ customers.
All transaction information passed from our website to Sage Pay’s systems is encrypted using 128-bit SSL certificates. No cardholder information is ever passed unencrypted. You can be completely assured that nothing you pass to Sage Pay’s servers can be examined, used or modified by any third parties attempting to gain access to sensitive information. Once on SagePay's systems, all sensitive data is secured using the same internationally recognised 256-bit encryption standards used by, among others, the US Government. The encryption keys are held on state-of-the-art, tamper proof systems in the same family as those used to secure VeriSign's Global Root certificate, making them all but impossible to extract. The data SagePay hold is extremely secure and they are regularly audited by the banks and banking authorities to ensure it remains so.
18. Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Compare Products
You have no items to compare.
My Basket
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Cherrywood AV
About Us
Acceptable Use Policy
Privacy
Website Use Terms
Installation Services
Ordering
How to Order
Price Promise
Delivery
Returns
Terms & Conditions
Help
More help
FAQs
Contact Us
Training Services
Find us on Facebook
Cherrywood AV Ltd
Office 5 Springfield Mills Business Centre Spa Street Ossett, West Yorkshire WF5 0HW
©
Cherrywood AV. All Rights Reserved.