https://www.thirtytwo.com/us/privacy-policy-G2.html
Free Shipping On Any Boots & Outerwear | 20% Off Outerwear Deal
Home
Privacy Policy
Last Update: 02/24/2020
Thank you for visiting this webpage, which you have reached from any of the affiliated websites of Sole Technology, Inc. (hereinafter "Sole Technology," "we" or "us"), namely https://www.etnies.com, https://www.emerica.com, https://www.esskateboarding.com, https://www.thirtytwo.com, http://soletechnology.com or http://stilab.com (each a "Sole Technology Site" and, collectively, the "Sole Technology Sites"). We have created this Online Privacy Statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by us. This notice discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for each of the Sole Technology Sites.
Although our computer systems are currently based in the United States of America, we operate internationally. Your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may or may not be to the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as in the European Union. By visiting the Sole Technology Sites from outside the United States, you consent to the collection and processing in the United States of your identifiable information.
1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information that you provide to respond to your requests, assist our sales team to reach an appropriate audience, improve our stores and the Sole Technology Sites, manage our contests, and to communicate with you. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us. You can enter certain information on the Sole Technology Sites, including your name, age, e-mail address, survey information or other site registration data, hobbies, interests and your URL. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of the features of the Sole Technology Sites.
Automatic Information. Certain data is automatically collected from you and all visitors whenever you visit any of the Sole Technology Sites. This data includes your IP address and the type of browser you use to surf the Internet. Your IP address tells us both your Internet Service Provider (ISP) and the general geographic location from where you are connecting. We may also use your IP address to track the date and time you accessed the Sole Technology Site, how long you stayed at the Sole Technology Site, and what pages you visited. If you have configured your browser with your e-mail address, this data may also be available to us.
Cookies. Like many websites, Sole Technology makes use of "cookies" on the Sole Technology Sites. A cookie is a file transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the website may track your activities on the website. Cookies, by themselves, do not let a website know any personally identifying information about you, such as your real name, address, etc., unless you previously provided that information at the website or have set your preferences in your browser to provide that information. Sole Technology does not collect personally identifiable information about any one person using cookies. Cookies technology allows Sole Technology to keep track of the sites you visit and store your preferences. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, now to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Rant Boards. If you wish to participate in the "rant" or any other "chat room" type feature offered on any Sole Technology Site, you will be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, and URL. When posting a rant, you can do so under a pseudonym. If you do choose to post any information about yourself, please be aware that Sole Technology cannot control and assumes no responsibility for the collection, use or misuse of this publicly accessible information by other visitors to the Sole Technology Sites.
Surveys. Occasionally, Sole Technology will request you to fill out a user survey. Such surveys are optional to you, the users, but these surveys allow Sole Technology to better understand the demographics and interests of our users. Your responses in combination with the responses of our other users help Sole Technology to improve the Sole Technology Sites.
Contests. Sole Technology may occasionally run contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions sponsored by Sole Technology or our partners and sponsors. As part of entering the contest, Sole Technology may request your name, age, e-mail address and mailing address. Sole Technology may share such information with the third party sponsors. Any information supplied to a third party may be retained by such third party and will be out of the control of Sole Technology.
E-Mail. If you contact Sole Technology through the regular mail or via e-mail, Sole Technology may keep a record of that correspondence. Any personally identifiable information contained within your communication will not be used for a commercial or unlawful purpose.
Newsletter/Bulletin. Sole Technology may produce a newsletter or email bulletin. If you choose to subscribe to this feature, you may be asked to provide your e-mail address, mailing address, first name, last name, birthdate, and interests. Your e-mail address will be used only by Sole Technology to distribute the newsletter or bulletin and any promotions or marketing that we feel may be on interest to you. To no longer receive newsletters or bulletins, please review how in Section 4 of this Online Privacy Statement.
2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
Sole Technology puts the non-personally identifiable information gathered whenever you visit the Sole Technology Sites and the information volunteered by you to several uses.
Your IP address is used to assist us in diagnosing problems with our server and to administer the Sole Technology Sites.
We may use the information provided to perform statistical analyses of the characteristics and behavior of the users and decide where to invest our resources. We may use this information to update the Sole Technology Sites, to notify you about information that may be of interest to you, or display content for which you may have shown a preference.
We may use personal contact information volunteered by you for promotional and/or marketing purposes.
If you provide us with your telephone number, you will only receive a telephone call from us with information in relation to a contest.
3. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES?
Sole Technology does not sell your information to third parties.
Unless required by law, user information provided by you, including but not limited to demographic information, will not knowingly be shared with third parties that are unaffiliated with Sole Technology, with the exception of third party sponsors of contests.
User information provided by you, including but not limited to demographic information, may be shared with affiliates or partners of Sole Technology, and may be used for promotional and/or marketing purposes.
From time to time, Sole Technology may offer contests and sweepstakes sponsored by third party business or in connection with third party content providers. Sole Technology may share with such third parties entrant information collected by Sole Technology. Sole Technology encourages all third parties to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users, but Sole Technology is not responsible for the privacy practices or the third parties use of such information.
Sole Technology responds to subpoenas, warrants or other court orders regarding information that is contained within our access logs concerning any user. Sole Technology also reserves the right to release the information concerning a user who we believe is in violation of our content guidelines, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order. Sole Technology cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our servers for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any illegal activity to law enforcement for prosecution.
4. WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE TO CONTROL MY INFORMATION?
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. (We do not sell any data that we collect from you to third parties.)
You may contact customer service to request what information we have collected about you. Contact Customer Service
When submitting such a request please provide your first and last name, email address, and inform us if you have ever placed and order. We may need an order number to reference your data. Your data is stored in multiple locations depending on the collection point of data. We will need time to scan through all our systems to locate all the data we may have on you.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information collected by us.
To request the deletion of your information stored with us, please contact us using the Contact Customer Service form and select "General Comment or Question" then explain that you would like all of your personal information deleted from our systems.
When making
deletion request, please provide us with your email address, first and Last name, order numbers and or shipping address so that we can confirm we are removing the correct customer data from our system.
We will then confirm with you your request to delete before we commit to deleting the data.
You have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and/or to opt out of permitting us to share your information with affiliates and third parties sponsors by sending us an email at contactus@soletechnology.com or sending us a letter at Web Manager, Sole Technology, Inc., 26921 Fuerte Drive, Lake Forest, CA 92630 and telling us that you do not want us to send you any communications and/or permit us to share your information with affiliates or sponsors of our contests.
5. THE PRIVACY OF MINORS
Sole Technology believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of minors online. Sole Technology defines a "minor" as any person less than 13 years of age. Sole Technology does not knowingly share personal information about minor users with third parties without a parent’s permission.
Sole Technology recommends that parents review our Online Privacy Statement before allowing their children to access the Sole Technology Sites, especially the message board or rant areas. Children should always ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to anyone online. They should also be instructed not to fill out any forms or register at any domain without a parent's knowledge and consent.
6. HOW DO WE PROTECT THE USER DATA WE COLLECT?
We employ several physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to protect collected user data.
7. DISCLAIMERS
All users should be aware while using any service where you disclose personal information online voluntarily, including on message, rant or bulletin boards, or through e-mail, that such information can be collected and used by others. If you use these services on the Sole Technology Sites and voluntarily provide any information on our rant areas, you do so at your own risk. Sole Technology cannot make any representations regarding the security of such transfer of information.
You should be aware that the Sole Technology Sites contain links to outside sites. Sole Technology is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Sole Technology reserves the right to change or modify this Online Privacy Statement at any time by posting such change or modification on this page. Users should check this page regularly for such updates. However, we stand behind the promises we make, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of the affected customers.
This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act).
8. CONTACTING SOLE TECHNOLOGY
If you have any questions about this Online Privacy Statement, the practices of the Sole Technology Sites, or your dealings with any of the Sole Technology Sites, please use our contact form Customer Service Contact Form, send an email to customerservice@soletechnology.com, or send us a letter at Sole Technology, Inc., 26921 Fuerte Drive, Lake Forest, CA 92630, Attention: Web Manager.
If you are an authorized agent and would like to make a request on a consumers behalf for information under the CCPA, please contact customer service and provide detailed documentation proving you are an authorized agent.
Free Returns on all U.S. orders!   |   See Details »
& Be the First to Know About New Product!
Sign up
Get Social
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
My Account
Login
Wish List
Order History
Track Order
Gift Cards
Customer Service
Contact Us
Help/FAQ
Shipping
Returns
Size Guide
Warranty
Miscellaneous
Dealer Locator
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Ethical Policy (SB 657)
Homepage EU | UK
© 2020 Thirtytwo - All Rights Reserved