https://www.risco.it/en/privacy/
Russian
Portuguese (Brazil)
Italian
French
Spanish
English
German
Home
Profile
Tradition and Modernity
Quality and Technology
Innovation and Research
Customer Orientation
Risco Worldwide and Service
Risco Team
Environment
Products
Vacuum fillers
Small sized industry
Medium scale industry
Large sized industryVacuum fillers for the large sized industry Risco offers eight models of new generation vacuum fillers designed to meet the production needs of large companies.
Total Vacuum FillersRisco offers five different models of special vacuum fillers, purposely designed for the production of Ham, whole muscle and Mortadella products. All Risco models utilise the total vacuum system to ensure efficient production of first-class quality products.
Ham products fillingRisco is offering two models of total vacuum fillers, designed and developed especially for processing premium quality ham and mould ham.
Sausage products fillingRisco is offering two models of total vacuum fillers for processing high quality salami, seasoned sausages and dry sausage products.
Mortadella products filling
Sausage SystemsThe new Risco frontal linking system for completely automated, high speed production of sausages and frankfurters in natural, cellulose or collagen casing. The Risco Frontal Linker System is available with automatic hanging unit and with cutting system.
Alginate sausage systemsRisco system for the production of sausages with vegetable coating, available with or without automatic depositing into tray
Minced Meat SystemsThe Risco Minced Meat Systems (Ground Beef systems) are suitable for producing beef, pork, chicken and turkey minced meat. With the Risco minced meat systems you have the possibility to portion and deposit the minced meat directly into trays, without any manual intervention of the operator. The systems are synchronized with sealing and thermoforming machines.
Forming SystemsThe Risco forming systems allow the production of burgers with round or oval shape or with special designs in an accurate and automatic way, to increase competitivity as required by new market trends. Risco forming systems are available with the conveyor belt and with automatic paper positioning.
Risco accessoriesRisco offers a range of accessories for its fillers in order to meet the different production requirements of the user. All the accessories are developed and produced respecting the criteria of Risco quality. Thanks to such applications, the final productivity increases, creating more profit and dramatic savings for the producer. Moreover the quality of the final product is increased as each application is specified according to the requirement of the product.
Grinders – FlakerRisco is offering a Flaker to cut frozen blocks of meat, butter, fat and other food products and three models of grinders for processing fresh meat. The automatic grinders are available with an output plate size from 130 to 200 mm diameter. Thanks to several knife & plate combinations, it is possible to obtain different types of ground meat products, depending on the user requirements.
Flaker
Grinders for fresh meatRisco offers three different models of grinders for processing fresh meat and other fresh food products (fats, cheese, vegetables). The Risco grinders TR series provide a clean cut of the product and a high productivity.
MixersRisco offers a large range of mixers for the food industry. Risco mixers are suitable for mixing products like meat, vegetables, cheeses, confectionery and others; they guarantee a complete, effective and gentle mix of the products in a very short time. The intersecting mixing paddle system, which preserves the product, maintains the original colour and quality is featured in the whole of Risco mixer range. Risco mixers can be supplied with a vertical loader for a better line automation.
Tying machinesRisco automatic tying machines bring together Risco’s vast experience in the meat tying process sausages and the lastest technology available. All Risco tying machines meet the requirement of small and medium meat industries, thanks to the technologically advanced automatic systems. Risco tying machines can accurately tie fresh sausages, mignons and chorizos, by means of the semi-mobile pincer system.
Applications
Product Type
Meat Clipped
Meat Linked
Meat Formed
Meat Ground
Meat whole muscle
Fish
Bakery
Cheese
Fruit and Vegetables
Pet Food
Processing Type
Extrusion
Portioning
Grinding
Forming
Depositing
Mixing
Services
Courtesy Service
Risco Monitoring Service
Risco Service
Spare Parts
Training Courses
TSS Total Support System
News
Exhibitions
News at Risco
Worldwide
Careers
+39 0445-385911 —
risco@risco.it
Privacy
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
The protection of personal data is an important commitment for RISCO S.p.A. (hereinafter “RISCO” or “Company“).
The entry into force of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 “Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data” (hereinafter “GDPR“) has provided the opportunity to further adapt the activities carried out by the Company to the principles of transparency and protection of personal data, respecting the fundamental rights and freedoms of all data subjects, whether they are employees, collaborators, customers, suppliers or third parties interested in receiving information.
RISCO has thus implemented an “Organisational Privacy Model” (MOP) the general guidelines of which are herein described, aimed at analysing all data processing, organising them in a functional way and managing them in security and transparency. This section of the site also contains information on the rights of the data subject and the modalities to exercise them against the Controller.
INDEX
1 – ORGANISATIONAL GDPR PRIVACY MODEL
1.1 – SUBJECTS
1.2 – RISK ANALYSIS AND MEASURES TO PREVENT PRIVACY RISKS
2 – TRANSPARENCY AND RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT
2.1 – PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
2.2 – EXERCISE OF RIGHTS
2.3 – FORMS AND INFORMATION NOTICES
1 – ORGANISATIONAL GDPR PRIVACY MODEL
1.1 – SUBJECTS
DATA CONTROLLER
The Data Controller is:
RISCO S.p.A. (hereinafter also referred to as “CONTROLLER”)
2 Via della Statistica – 36016 Thiene (VI)
Tel. +39 0445 385911 – fax +39 0445 385900
email: risco@risco.it
Certified E-mail Address: risco@cert.assind.vi.it
VAT no and Tax Code: 02162540245
PRIVACY TEAM
The DATA CONTROLLER has deemed it appropriate to appoint an internal “Privacy Team” formed by subjects with legal, organisational and IT skills.
The Privacy Team has the task of providing support to the activities of the CONTROLLER.
PARTIES AUTHORISED FOR THE PROCESSING (pursuant to art. 29 GDPR)
The MOP states that each employee/collaborator of the CONTROLLER processes only the data necessary to perform their duties, depending on the internal organisation and in particular on the purposes indicated and proposed to the data subject (so-called “purpose limitation and data minimisation”, art. 5 paragraph 1, letters b) and c) of the GDPR). Therefore a segmentation of the processing has been prepared, per homogeneous
areas of subjects authorised for the processing, binding the employees/collaborators in charge of each area to a specific area of processing. Each authorised subject has received specific instructions from the CONTROLLER regarding the processing of personal data. To this end, by design, the information system is also made up of “watertight compartments”. The employee/collaborator will be able to access only the data necessary to perform their duties from their computer workstation. The designation to the specific processing areas occurs following the careful analysis of the company structure and organisation, as well as the flow of internal and external data to the Company, and is summarised in a specific internal matrix that precisely identifies the scope of processing of each area.
The employee/collaborator has also received internal regulations on the use of IT tools and rules of conduct, including ethical, on all the information accessed by virtue of his/her specific task.
To effectively ensure compliance with the principles regarding the processing of personal data, the CONTROLLER has also foreseen the provision of training and refresher courses on the subject to its employees/collaborators who, by virtue of their duties, carry out the processing of personal data.
SYSTEM ADMINISTRATORS (INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL)
The CONTROLLER uses computer systems to manage and organise its business. For this reason, attention to the construction of software, the methods of use thereof and the security of data have always been the basis of the activity of the CONTROLLER. Individuals with “administrator” privileges within the company are specifically appointed and trained. Also the other specialised external companies that access company data are specifically appointed External Data Processors and/or External System Administrators pursuant to art. 28 of the GDPR.
The suppliers of external IT services are chosen with particular attention to their professional skills, not only technical but also in relation to the compliance with the protection of data, favouring certified companies.
DATA PROCESSORS (pursuant to art. 28 GDPR)
In principle, the CONTROLLER manages almost all processing activities internally. Cases where some activities that involve processing of data on behalf of the CONTROLLER are outsourced to third parties are duly indicated in the individual information notices. In these cases, the relationship with the third party is governed by a specific contract of appointment as “Data Processor” pursuant to art. 28 of the GDPR.
The CONTROLLER entrusts this processing to external parties who offer sufficient guarantees to put in place suitable technical and organisational measures to meet the requirements of the GDPR and to guarantee the protection of the rights of the data subjects.
1.2 – RISK ANALYSIS AND MEASURES TO PREVENT PRIVACY RISKS
According to the so-called “accountability” principles, the CONTROLLER must implement a series of measures – organisational, physical, legal, technical and IT-related – aimed at preventing the risk of violation of the rights and personal freedoms of the data subjects. To achieve this goal a constant risk assessment is carried out, depending on the processing, the tools used, the type and the volume of data processed.
RECORD OF PROCESSING ACTIVITIES (pursuant to art. 30 GDPR) AND DATA PROTECTION IMPACT ASSESSMENT (pursuant to art. 35 GDPR)
The MOP provides a careful and constant analysis of the risks for the processing of personal data, identified for each activity or service provided through a Record of Processing Activities pursuant to art. 30, paragraph 1 of the GDPR.
After analysing the processing performed by the CONTROLLER, it is believed that to date there are no activities at risk such as to require a specific impact assessment pursuant to art. 35 of the GDPR (so called “DPIA”).
The analysis of IT risks and of the company’s hardware and software infrastructures and of the measures of IT adaptation was carried out by our System Administrators with specific tools and check lists and by an external company specialised in IT security, which carried out a thorough audit with security tests. The outcomes of the survey have allowed our technicians to further improve the measures to protect against
cyber attacks and cyber threats, gradually and in proportion to the risk for the rights and freedoms of those concerned.
2 – TRANSPARENCY AND RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT
2.1 PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
The CONTROLLER, in this notice, deems it essential to inform the data subjects of the existence of some rights regarding the protection of personal data, listed below.
Right to be informed (transparency in data processing)
The data subject has the right to be informed on how the CONTROLLER processes your personal data, the purposes and with regard to other information envisaged by art. 13 of the GDPR. To this end, the CONTROLLER has set up organisational processes that allow, at the time of acquisition or request of the personal data, the release of an information model created “ad hoc” depending on the category of data subjects to which the data subject belongs (employee, customer, supplier, etc.). This document allows all parties to whom the data refer to be adequately informed on how the data is processed by the CONTROLLER. The information form can be requested by sending a specific application addressed to the CONTROLLER.
Right to withdraw consent (art. 13)
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time for all processing the legitimacy of which is an expression of your consent. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the previous processing.
Right of access to the data (art. 15)
You can request a) the purposes of the processing; b) the categories of personal data in question; c) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular if recipients of third countries or international organisations; (d) where possible, the foreseen retention period of the personal data or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine this period; e) the existence of the right of the data subject to request that the data controller rectify or erase personal data or limit the processing of personal data concerning him/her or to object to their processing; f) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; g) if the data are not collected from the data subject, all information available on their origin; (h) the existence of an automated decision-making process, including the profiling referred to in article 22, paragraphs 1 and 4 and, at least in such cases, significant information on the logic used and the importance and expected consequences of such processing for the data subject. You have the right to request a copy of the personal data being processed.
Right of rectification (art. 16)
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you and to have incomplete personal data completed.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten) (art. 17)
You have the right to obtain from the data controller the erasure of personal data concerning you if the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, if you withdraw consent, where there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, if the data are being processed unlawfully, if there is a legal obligation to erase them; if the data relate to web services provided to minors without the relative consent. The erasure can occur unless the right to freedom of expression and information prevails, if the data are kept for the fulfilment of a legal obligation or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of public powers, for reasons of public interest in the health sector, for purposes of archiving in the public interest, for scientific or historical research or for statistical purposes or for the establishment, exercise or defence of a right in court.
Right to restriction of processing (art. 18)
You shall have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing when you have contested the accuracy of the personal data (for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data) or if the processing is unlawful but you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead, or the Controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to data portability (art. 20)
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit those data to another controller, if the processing is based on consent, on the contract and if the processing is carried out by automated means, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in connection with the exercise of official powers and such transmission does not infringe the rights of third parties.
Right to object (art. 21)
You have the right to object, in whole or in part, at any time to the processing of your personal data if the processing is carried out for the pursuit of a legitimate interest by the Controller or for the purposes of direct marketing.
Right to lodge a complaint to the Italian Personal Data Protection Authority (art. 77).
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, if you deem that the processing regarding you infringes the regulation on the protection of personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State in which you habitually reside, work or where the alleged infringement occurred.
2.2 EXERCISE OF THE RIGHTS
For the actual exercise of your rights you can ask the CONTROLLER for information, or fill out the access forms that we have made available below.
2.3 – FORMS AND INFORMATION NOTICE
1) Below is a draft document to be completed for the practical exercise of the rights of the data subject. The form can be sent to the CONTROLLER to the addresses above, in accordance with current legislation.
Form to be printed and filled in, specifying the requested right
Form for the exercise of rights
2) Information notices:
Customers suppliers information notice
Information notice form requesting website information
Information notice for job applications
Search
Search for:
Contact us for more info
RISCO S.p.A.
Telefono +39 0445-385911
Fax +39 0445-385900
Emailrisco@risco.it
IndirizzoVia della Statistica, 2 – PO Box 130 – 36016 Thiene (VI)
P.I./CF/Reg.Imp: 02162540245 – Rea 210805 Vicenza – Cap.Soc. Euro 1.548.000,00 i.v.