http://www.pacu.com/footer-navigation/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Online Banking
Skip to Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is paramount when you do business with us.
Learn More: Contact Us
The most basic element of our relationship with our members is trust.
We know that trust is a central part of all relationships. Be confident that we always have and always will protect the privacy of your personal information through careful administration of your non-public (private) information. We in use state-of-the-art security practices and tools, and undergo months of auditing each year to bring you the highest standards of protection in the financial industry.We provide education to you on how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal and financial information. We are disclosing to you, our member-owners, a copy of this policy as a part of the federal regulation that requires all financial institutions to notify members and customers of their privacy policy. We also do it because it’s the right thing to do.
Throughout this policy statement, the word “information” refers to personal information that may not be publicly available, the word “you” refers to credit union members and/or former members, and the word “we” refers to Piedmont Advantage Credit Union. We pledge to protect your financial and personal information by adhering to the following privacy policy.
What Do We Collect?
We only collect information about our members for lawful business practices as necessary to provide you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs. We maintain strict procedural protections to safeguard your information. We collect information about members from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on membership and loan applications and other forms, such as your name, address, Social Security number, assets, and income
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, and others, such as your account balance, payment histories, parties to your transactions, and credit card usage
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency, such as your credit history
Information obtained from current or past employers or other institutions where you conduct financial transactions when we verify data you provide
Information We Disclose
We generally do not provide any non-public personal information about our members or former members, except as permitted by applicable law.
Our commitment to provide you with quality products and services to meet your financial needs necessitates that we occasionally share information about you to complete your transactions, and to provide you with certain financial opportunities. For instance, this includes companies that assist us in marketing efforts, investment counseling, insurance services, check printing, processing ATM, debit and credit card transactions, and member mailings. We hold service providers to the same standards of confidentiality and privacy we follow.
How We Protect Your Information
Piedmont Advantage Credit Union pledges to take all reasonable precautions to protect the information you provide us.
We restrict access to information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products and services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and industry standards to protect your non-public personal information. Occasionally, Piedmont Advantage Credit Union may be required by law to disclose non-public information for governmental or judicial purposes.
Notices, Joint Relationships, and Modifications
Piedmont Advantage Credit Union will provide all legally applicable notices to the member listed first on any application, agreement or other document. Piedmont Advantage Credit Union reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time without notice other than expressly required by applicable law.
How You Can Protect the Security of Your Information
As a member/owner of Piedmont Advantage Credit Union there are practices you can routinely follow to safeguard your own information:
Review your account statements carefully and timely.
Report seemingly inaccurate information immediately.
Maintain your records in a secure manner.
Keep all passwords, PIN numbers and access codes confidential.
Log off after visiting online secure web sites such as home banking, brokerage or sites where purchases are made online.
Your Privacy Is Our Priority
If you have questions about our privacy policy, we're here to help.Contact Us
Footer Navigation
Privacy Policy
Disclosures
Website Accessibility
Headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and founded in 1949 within the airline industry, Piedmont Advantage Credit Union (PACU) now serves member-owners, who reside, work or worship in one of the eight communities it serves in North Carolina or who are employed by one of its many employer companies. These eight communities are in Forsyth, Guilford, Mecklenburg, Cumberland, Duplin, Iredell, New Hanover and Rockingham counties. A nonprofit cooperative financial institution, PACU has 10 branches throughout its service region and employs a workforce of over 100.
Get in touch
Home
Footer Navigation
Privacy Policy
Back to top
×
Login
Login
Personal Account Username
Personal Account Password
EnrollForgot Password
×
You are leaving the Piedmont Advantage Credit Union website.
By continuing, you will be leaving the Piedmont Advantage Credit Union website.
Piedmont Advantage Credit Union is not responsible for accuracy, security, content, or services offered by other websites; we encourage you to view privacy & security disclosures of all websites you visit as they may be different than those of Piedmont Advantage Credit Union.
Visit our site again soon.
Continue
Cancel