http://www.grosvenorconsultancy.com/grosvenor/terms.html
homeabout usnewscontact ussearchWeb site Terms & ConditionsIn using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions.In these terms and conditions, the following expressions take the following meanings: “you”, “your” and “yourself” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting these terms and conditions; and “Grosvenor” refers to Grosvenor Consultancy Services.Privacy StatementGrosvenor recognises that your privacy is important to you. Grosvenor will take all reasonable measures to protect your personal information while it is in its care. Grosvenor will collect information about you when you choose to register for certain areas of this website, when you book on events or when you communicate with Grosvenor. The personal information collected about you will be entered into Grosvenor’s databases and will be processed in administering your use of and access to this website and in responding to your requests. Grosvenor may also use the information to update you on its and others’ publications and events and provide you with information about other materials and services which it considers might be of interest to you. All personal information received from you will be retained by Grosvenor for the above purposes and will not be sold to any third party, other than in the event of the sale of part or all of Grosvenor’s business and assets. Upon reasonable notice and at a nominal charge, you may request copies of information about you collected through this website. At any time, you may request to be removed from Grosvenor’s mailing lists.ConfidentialityGrosvenor is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998. Grosvenor considers all information it holds about you to be confidential, however, such information may be passed to third parties, who might be outside the European Economic Area, for processing or problem resolution or disclosed to appropriate authorities when so required by law.Exclusions and LimitationsThe information on this website is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Grosvenor:
+ excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or might be provided by Grosvenor affiliates or other third parties, including inaccuracies or omissions in this website or its materials; and
+ excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website and the materials on it.
The above excludes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business and profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of events or you have advised Grosvenor of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential or incidental damages whether in tort or contract or otherwise in connection with this website. Grosvenor does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer is affected. All consultancy services provided by Grosvenor to its clients shall be subject to separate contract in each and every instance and the terms and condition of this website shall not form part of such contracts for services.Your use of this WebsiteYou are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for any and all purposes of all downloads and material available through this website, whether or not used in conjunction with anything else. Other than personal information, all information which you provide to this website shall not be proprietary or confidential so Grosvenor shall be at liberty to use it as it wishes. You confirm that you have all necessary permissions to provide Grosvenor with such information. Further, it shall not be discriminatory, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, liable to incite racial hatred or might cause annoyance or inconvenience to Grosvenor or others or includes malware or which could be deemed to be a criminal offence or give rise to a civil liberty or is contrary to English Law.AvailabilityGrosvenor does not warrant that the service from this website will be uninterrupted, timely or error free or free of malware. Grosvenor does not warrant that the information on it is correct and up to date.LiabilitiesShould your actions or inactions damage this website or Grosvenor, you thereby indemnify Grosvenor, its employees, agents and affiliates against all losses and damage, howsoever caused.Log FilesGrosvenor uses IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the website, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, Grosvenor’s web servers automatically log standard access information, including browser type, access times, URLs requested, and referral URLs. This information is used by Grosvenor on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will not be used in any way different from that stated above without your explicit permission.CookiesLike most interactive websites this website uses (and others through which this website is accessed or otherwise might use) cookies to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of this website to enable their functionality and simplify their use. Some of Grosvenor’s affiliated partners may also use cookies. Your computer system should have the ability to disable cookies which you might wish to do. You can read Grosvenor’s broader Cookie Use Policy and see the cookies used on this website here.Links to this websiteYou may not create a link to any page of this website without Grosvenor's prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.Links from this websiteGrosvenor does not monitor or review the content of other parties’ websites. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by Grosvenor and it must not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Grosvenor is not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of others’ websites. Grosvenor recommends that you make yourself aware of the terms and conditions applicable to such third party sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of all other sites connected to this website or accessed through this website, before disclosing any personal information to them. Grosvenor will not accept any liability for any loss or damage, in whatever form, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure of personal information to third parties.Copyright NoticeThis website and its content, including downloadable materials, are the copyright of Grosvenor or of any contributors and licensors who have licensed such copyright to Grosvenor. All intellectual property rights and copyright in the materials and information on this website are vested in Grosvenor unless explicitly stated otherwise. You may download and/or print materials from this website so long as they are for your personal use and the source is acknowledged to be Grosvenor Consultancy Services, so long as no amendments are made to them, including abbreviating them in anyway or removing copyright designations. Permission to use or reproduce any of the content of this website in any manner other than described above must be directed to Grosvenor which reserves the right to refuse to grant such permission. Redistribution or republication of any part of this website or its contents is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of Grosvenor in each and every instance. ITEconomics™ is a registered trademark of Grosvenor Consultancy Services.CommunicationGrosvenor uses a number of e-mail addresses for different purposes. These and other contact information, can be found on the Contact Us page on this website or from Grosvenor literature or via Grosvenor’s telephone, facsimile and mobile telephone numbers. Grosvenor is registered in England under Registration Number 5112434. Its registered office is at 36 Herons Place, Isleworth, TW7 7BE, United Kingdom.GeneralThe laws of England shall govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms and conditions are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be severed from these terms and conditions and the remaining terms and conditions shall continue to apply. Failure of Grosvenor to enforce any of the provisions set out in these terms and conditions shall not be construed as any waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these terms and conditions or any part thereof, or Grosvenor’s right thereafter to enforce each and every provision.Notification of ChangesGrosvenor reserves the right to change these terms and conditions, from time to time, without notice, as it sees fit. Your continued use of this website shall signify your acceptance of every change to these terms and conditions. You are advised to re-read these terms and conditions regularly.© Grosvenor 2013 All Rights Reserved
Grosvenor Consultancy Servicesterms & conditionsprivacy policycookie use