http://www.cascadiacapital.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Overview
Cascadia Capital, LLC (Cascadia) is committed to ensuring the confidentiality of each client’s non-public personal information. As you are aware, the financial services business involves access to the most intimate financial and business details. In order to maintain a relationship that is based upon trust and confidentiality, you will be provided with a Client Privacy Notice annually. The types of non-public personal information that clients provide to us in order for us to provide services may include, but is not limited to: name, address, social security number, total assets, net worth, income, and bank account information.
This policy addresses what Cascadia does with this information both with respect to affiliates and non-related third parties.
Privacy Policy
Except as required by law, Cascadia does not disclose any non-public personal information about our clients or former clients to any person or entity not directly affiliated with our firm. However, we may disclose non-public information that we collect about you to our affiliates, employees and directors who need to know such information and to certain service providers (including accountants, auditors and attorneys) in connection with the administration and execution of the services we will provide. Also, we may disclose non-public information about you to potential investors as part of our services and in accordance with our Advisory Agreement.
From time to time, we may share some public information such as names and addresses to non-affiliated entities to enable them to provide business services on our behalf. Examples of these services are assisting us in mailing sales literature, processing a transaction, and performing general administrative activities for us. These types of services sometimes are necessary in order for us to conduct business.
However, rest assured that any service provider that we do business with is contractually obligated to ensure that none of your information will be disclosed, except as required by law.
In order to assure that all non-public information is treated in a confidential manner, our employees are required to protect the confidentiality of our clients’ information. If they do not comply with our policies, employees are subject to disciplinary rules. Also we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect all non-public information.
Opt-Out Policy
As we may need to share non-public information with our affiliate to facilitate an engagement or investment, by conducting business with us, you are choosing to opt-in to this arrangement. The same applies to business facilitator partners. Otherwise, we will never share your non-public personal information. If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us immediately at (206) 436-2540.
We Cover More Ground
Pacific Northwest. National. And Beyond.
View transactions map
View Deals Map
Customized Approach
A customized approach designed to achieve optimum results
Mergers & Acquisitions
Equity Placement
Private Capital
Debt Capital
Fairness Opinions
Strategic Advisory
Special Situations
Our Services
View all Cascadia Content >
In the news:
3 strategic questions directors should be asking right now...
Cascadia Capital helps clients weather crisis by offering advice,...
Cascadia Capital bets big on AI, robotics and automation
Bartell deal follows larger M&A trend among family-owned businesses
More tree fruit consolidations ahead, investment banker says
Team
Senior Leadership
Board of Directors
Senior Advisors
Join Cascadia
Industries
Business Services
Consumer & Retail
Energy & Applied Technology
Food, Beverage & Agribusiness
Healthcare
Industrials
Robotics, Automation & Artificial Intelligence
Technology
Services
Mergers & Acquisitions
Equity Placement
Private Capital
Debt Capital
Fairness Opinions
Strategic Advisory
Special Situations
Transactions
Clients
News & Insights
Careers
Contact Us
Close
Access Resource
Please complete the form below to access this resource.
First Name*Last NameEmail*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Request Case Study
Managing Director Email
Email Address*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.