https://www.sigmaassessmentsystems.com/terms-of-use-terms-conditions/
LOOKING FOR SOMETHING?
Search
1.800.401.4480
Solutions
Assessments
Leadership Development
Employee Selection
Career Tests
Personality Tests
Clinical/Counseling Assessments
Coaching
Individual and Groups
Succession Planning
Succession Planning Consulting
Succession Planning Template Library
Succession Planning Launch Series
Succession Planning Webinar
Succession Planning Certification Workshop
Free Succession Guide Download
Succession Planning FAQs
Blog
Consulting
Resources
SIGMA Offerings
Assessment Offerings
Leadership Coaching and Training
Blog
Our Company
The SIGMA Team
Clients
Case Studies
Careers
Why SIGMA
Contact Us
London, ON: 1-800-401-4480
Port Huron, MI: 1-800-265-1285
Terms & Conditions of Use
Home » Terms & Conditions of Use
Terms & Conditions of Use
Effective: June 30, 2020
By using SIGMATesting.com and other information websites hosted by SIGMA Assessment Systems, Inc. and SIGMA Assessment Systems, Ltd. (formerly Research Psychologists Press, Inc.) (collectively, “Companies”), you agree to the following Terms and Conditions:
Use of Website
The materials posted on these pages are available to the general public “as is” and are intended for informational purposes only. The Companies expressly disclaim any responsibility or liability arising from any use of these informational pages.
By using this Website, you certify that you are 18 years of age or older. For individual test takers who are under the age of 18, we require that the qualified user obtain either affirmative written consent from a parent or guardian or the parent or guardian signs the Test Taker Agreement for each specific test.
Online Account Access
Online account access to our Internet-based test systems (i.e., SIGMATesting.Com, SigmaRadius.com, etc.) are restricted to registered users, and the material posted on the restricted pages by the Companies is intended for use by qualified individuals, or their agents, in the appraisal of their clients. Consistent with the Companies’ Test User Qualifications Form Agreement, registered users are responsible for the proper use of the assessments and associated materials on these restricted pages.
Also consistent with the Companies’ Test User Qualifications Form Agreement, all use of assessments and associated materials available through the Companies is restricted to individuals possessing higher levels of training and experience, or their agents. Details on the different qualifications levels can be viewed online at Qualifications Form. Registered users are responsible for keeping their qualifications information accurate and up-to-date.
Registered users assume full responsibility for all use and activity of their online account. You agree that any person who accesses, uses, or misuses your online account does so on your behalf and that you are responsible for such activity.
Registered users are provided with an account code and temporary password by which they access restricted pages online. Upon first log in, any registered user is required to create their own password to access the account, as well as to set up two security questions. Any registered user is personally responsible for maintaining the secrecy and security of their codes and passwords, and for the immediate reporting of any suspected breach of this security.
The Companies’ online testing systems may be used to send out instructions and reminder emails intended to assist registered users and their clients. Use of this email functionality to convey any unauthorized messages (e.g., commercial messages, harass recipients, or contact people for non-assessment purposes) is prohibited, and will result in loss of access to the system. Users accept full responsibility for all emails sent or scheduled for sending on their behalf.
Guidelines for Testing Children Online
Online testing of children under the age of 13 is prohibited. If you have reason to believe that we collected or are in possession of personal information from someone under 13 years of age, please contact us at privacy@sigmaassessmentsystems.com
Registered users are responsible for collecting consent from a parent or guardian for individual test takers who are under the age of 18.
Intellectual Property Rights
The material posted on these pages is copyrighted; the copyright is owned by the Companies. The Companies grant registered users the right to include the materials on this site in any report or other product intended for use in appraising their clients of information related to an assessment. Any included material must be accompanied by an acknowledgement of the Companies’ ownership and copyright of the included material. The express written permission of the Companies is required for any other use of the material on these pages.
Requests for licensing to reproduce, translate, or modify copyrighted materials should be sent to our permissions manager. Forms can be completed online at Research Form.
Links to Other Websites
You may obtain access to other sites on the Internet through these pages. By providing this linking service, the Companies are not undertaking any responsibility or liability for information or publications of third parties on the Internet, even if you access them through these pages.
The Companies expressly disclaim any responsibility or liability for any material communicated by third parties through these pages or for any claims, damages, or losses resulting from the use thereof.
The Companies make no representations or warranties with respect to these pages or their contents (including without limitation material communicated by third parties), which are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The Companies disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, with respect to these pages. The Companies make no representations or warranties that the services provided by these pages will be uninterrupted, error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the pages or the server that makes them available are free from viruses, worms, or other harmful components. The Companies also make no representations or warranties as to whether the information accessible via these pages is accurate, complete, or current.
Privacy Policy
The Companies treat the privacy of registered users as a foremost concern, and comply with the terms of their Privacy Policy. Details of this policy can be found online at: Privacy Policy.
Payment Policy
The Companies accept payment by check, Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. Prepayment is required for all new accounts. All invoices are payable net 30 days. International purchasers must remit payment by Visa, MasterCard, or American Express in advance, including shipping and handling charges and any special air costs. International institutions wishing to pay by U.S. Bank Draft must first contact our office to determine the total cost of the order including actual shipping and handling cost.
We accept the return of any print or software item purchased from the Companies within 90 days of purchase. Authorization must be obtained before returning unused goods for credit. Goods must be returned through traceable means. A 10% restocking fee will apply.
Disclaimer of Liability
In no event shall the Companies, their employees or agents, or anyone else who has been involved in the creation, production, or delivery of these pages be liable for any direct, incidental, or consequential damages, such as, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits, benefits, use, or data resulting from the use of these pages.
Law and Jurisdiction
These pages are controlled and operated by the Companies based out of the United States and Canada, and are intended solely for use within the United States and Canada. The Companies make no representation that materials on these pages are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access these pages from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with local laws. As applicable at the time of execution of this Agreement, you and the Companies agree that jurisdiction and venue of this Agreement shall be in the US District Court for the District of Columbia, in Washington, DC and that laws of the United States and/or Washington, DC shall apply without regard to any conflict of laws.
The Companies reserve the right to revise the Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. Please take a look at the “EFFECTIVE” date at the top of this page to see when this Policy was last revised. Any change to the Terms and Conditions of Use will become effective when we make the revised Policy available on or through our Website. By continuing to use or access the Companies’ services, you are agreeing to the terms.
Please read our response to the COVID-19 pandemic
+
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize your repeat visits and preferences and to measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic. To learn more about cookies, including how to disable them, view our Cookie Policy. By clicking 'I Accept' or if you continue to use our site, you consent to the use of cookies.I Accept