http://www.lazydays.com/privacy-policy#privacy
Lazydays The RV Authority
CALL TODAY! 800-306-4011
My Location: Houston, TX(tap to change)
Home
Search RVs
Service
RV Accessories
Trade-In
Resort
Crown Club
Lifestyle & Tips
Sell My RV
Locations
Videos
Login/Signup
Login/Signup
Class A Diesel
Class A Gas
Class B
Class C
Fifth Wheel
Toy Hauler
Travel Trailer
Pop-Up
Clearance
Lazydays Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy:
Website Information Security
Terms of Use:
Sweepstakes Rules
Photography, Filming & Video Recording Policy
Privacy Policy
Lazydays is committed to helping you make the most of your free time on the Internet within a trusted environment. This privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, use and share information gathered about you on our Website. We hope that this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our site and enhance your experience on the Internet.
Website Information Security
What types of information is Lazydays collecting, and how is Lazydays collecting it?
The majority of great products and services on our site are offered
without our collecting any personally identifiable information from you.
There are a few activities on our site where the collection of
personally identifiable information is necessary. Those activities
include, but are not limited to, things like requesting promotional
literature, entering a contest or sweepstakes, making a purchase, or
contacting us. When personally identifiable information is collected,
you will know because you will have to fill out a form. For most
activities, we collect only your name, phone number, address, e-mail
address and zip code.
Information Collected from You with Technology.
Our site collects some information about you using technology, so it may
not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected. For
instance, when you come to our site your IP address is collected so that
we know where to send the information you are requesting. An IP address
is often associated with the place from which you enter the Internet,
like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your
university. This information is not personally identifiable. We may also
track information about the date and time you access the site, the type
of web browser you used, and the web site from which you connect to our
site. Our site uses information collected through technology to make
our site more interesting and useful to you. We normally do not combine
this type of information with personally identifiable information.
However, we will combine this information with personally identifiable
information to identify a visitor in order to enforce compliance with
our house rules or terms of service, or to protect our service, site,
Guests, or others.
What Are Cookies, Web Beacons and Pixel Tags and How Does Lazydays Use Them?
Cookies are pieces of information that a Website sends to your computer
while you are viewing the Website. These pieces of information allow the
Website to remember important information that will make your use of
that site more useful. Much like cookies, web beacons and pixel tags are
tiny graphics with a unique identifier that allows our Website to
receive anonymous information about how you use our website. Lazydays
and other companies use cookies, web beacons and pixel tags for a
variety of purposes. You can choose to have your computer warn you each
time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer, Mozilla
Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome) settings. Each browser is a little
different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to
modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you will not have access
to features or certain Websites that make your web experience more
efficient, and some of our services will not function properly.
Click Here to learn how to Opt-Out of 2o7.net and omtrdc.net Cookies
Email Interconnectivity.
If you receive email from us, we may use certain tools to capture data
related to when you open our message, or click on any links or banners
it contains.
How does Lazydays use the personally identifiable information that has been collected?
Lazydays uses personally identifiable information in a limited number of
ways. We predominately use the information to mail you promotional
literature that you request. Information we collect may be used to send
you e-mail updates about our site, products and services. We also use
the information you provide to send you Lazydays e-mail promotions and
special offers from our third-party sponsors.
Does Lazydays share information with companies or other organizations not a part of the Lazydays family of sites?
One of the most valuable assets of our business is you. We are not in
the business of selling information about our Guests. However, if there
is a value for our Guests, we will share your information or send you
messages on behalf of another company as described below. We will also
share information for security reasons.
Companies that are “Standing in the Shoes” of Lazydays.
Sometimes we hire companies to help us deliver products or services,
like a shipping company that delivers a package. In those instances, we
need to share your information with them. These companies are basically
“standing in the shoes” of Lazydays, and they are allowed to use the
information only to deliver the product or service.
On occasion,
Lazydays will send surveys and hold focus groups through a third party
in which data may be shared with the client of Lazydays in an effort to
recruit respondents. The shared data will never be used for any further
communication by anyone other than Lazydays or shared with any other
affiliates of the third party.
Companies Offering Promotions, Products or Services.
On occasion, we offer promotions, such as sweepstakes, in conjunction
with a sponsor. We will share your information with the sponsors if they
need it to send you information about the promotion. We may share your
information with those sponsors so that they can send you other special
promotions they offer.
In addition, Lazydays occasionally sends e-mail
promotions to our Guests on behalf of third-party sponsors. In this
instance, we do not share your name with the third party - we do the
mailing for them.
Content Partners.
We may provide content that is created by a third-party partner Website.
In some instances, the third-party sites will collect information in
order to facilitate the transaction or to make the use of their content
more productive and efficient. In these circumstances, the information
collected is shared between Lazydays and our third-party sponsors.
Organizations That Help Protect the Security and Safety of Our Guests and Our Site.
We will give out personal information as required by law, for example,
to comply with a Court Order or Subpoena; to enforce our Terms of
Service, or site or game rules; or to protect the safety and security of
Guests and our sites.
What choices do I have about Lazydays collecting, using, and sharing my information?
It is possible for you to use much of our site without giving us any
personally identifiable information. When you do register with us, or
give us personally identifiable information, you will have an
opportunity, at the time we collect your information, to limit e-mail
communications from Lazydays and from our third-party partners. At any
time, you can request to no longer receive e-mail from Lazydays by
either unsubscribing from the communication or by sending an e-mail to:
Unsubscribe@Lazydays.com.
Also, as mentioned above, there are ways to limit the information
collected through technology, although some of our features will not
work if you decide to do this.
What type of security does Lazydays provide?
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information
associated with our Guests is of utmost concern to us. Lazydays takes
technical, contractual, administrative and physical security steps to
protect all visitors’ information.
Whom do I contact with questions or concerns about this privacy policy?
If you need further assistance, please send an e-mail with your
questions or comments to: Andrea Neeper Lazydays 6130 Lazydays Boulevard
Seffner, Florida 33584 Telephone: 813.246.4999 E-Mail:
ANeeper@Lazydays.com
Agreement to terms of this Privacy Policy.
By accessing and using our site you are agreeing to the terms of this
Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy,
you are not authorized to use the site. Furthermore, by providing us
with personal information on this site, you fully understand and
unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such
information in accordance with this Privacy Policy
Updates to Privacy Policy.
As we update our products and services, this Privacy Policy may change.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or
remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this
page for updates periodically. If we make any material changes to this
Privacy Policy, we will notify you here. Unless the law otherwise
requires, we do not provide notice of changes to this Privacy Policy and
your use of the site following any posted changes will indicate your
acceptance of such changes.
Terms of Use
Sweepstakes Rules
Photography, Filming & Video Recording Policy
Sweepstakes Rules
Nashville Sweepstakes (ending 3/31/2021)
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
Sweepstakes Dates: The Nashville Sweepstakes (“Sweepstakes”) will run from 12:01 A.M. Eastern Time (EST) July 1st, 2020 to 11:59 P.M. EST March 31st, 2021 (the “Sweepstakes Period”). The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited by law.
This Sweepstakes is sponsored by Lazydays Holdings Inc. d/b/a Lazydays (“Administrator”).
Who is Eligible: Sweepstakes is offered only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States, with the exception of Rhode Island, and the District of Columbia, who are 18 years of age or older and have a valid U.S. driver's license. Due to legal restrictions, residents of AZ, FL and NV are not eligible to receive the Camping Membership and will receive the Fuel Card. Employees, officers, directors, agents and representatives of the Administrator, MHC Thousand Trails Limited Partnership (“Thousand Trails”) and their respective parent companies, divisions, affiliates, dealers, subsidiaries, advertising and sweepstakes agencies and any and all other companies associated with the design or execution of this sweepstakes (collectively, “Sweepstakes Entities”) (and the immediate families (spouses and parents, siblings and children and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and members of the same household of such individuals, whether or not related) are not eligible to enter or win.
How to Enter: During the Sweepstakes Period, visit https://www.lazydays.com/enter/nashville-camping-fuel-card and follow the instructions provided to complete the entry form and submit to receive one (1) entry. Entrants may enter only once throughout the Sweepstakes Period, regardless of method of entry. You may only use one (1) email address to enter the Sweepstakes. A valid phone number or email address will be required to contact the potential prize winner. Entries generated by mechanical means or by any means which subvert the entry process will be void at Lazydays sole discretion. All entries become the property of Administrator and will not be acknowledged or returned. Except where prohibited by law, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes winner’s consent to Administrator’s use of winner’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state for promotional purposes in any media, nationwide, without further payment or consideration.
CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS, AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, ADMINISTRATOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DISQUALIFY AND SEEK ANY AND ALL REMEDIES AVAILABLE FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. The Sweepstakes Entities are not responsible for: (i) entries that are lost, late, stolen, incomplete, inaccurate, damaged, misdirected, undelivered, garbled, delayed or not received by the Sweepstakes Entities or their respective agents for any reason, or for any entries submitted in a manner that is not expressly allowed under these Official Rules and all such entries will be void; (ii) any problems or malfunctions, errors, failures or human error that may occur in the receipt or processing of entries, or for destruction of or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, (iii) any causes that jeopardize the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Sweepstakes, or (iv) any other errors or problems relating to or in connection with this Sweepstakes, whether printing, typographical, human or otherwise, including, without limitation, errors or problems which may occur in connection with the administration of the Sweepstakes, the processing of entries, the announcement of the prize or in any Sweepstakes-related materials. All incomplete or non-conforming entries will be disqualified. Administrator reserves the right to cancel, modify or terminate any portion of the Sweepstakes for any reason, including if fraud, misconduct or technical failures destroy or threaten the integrity of any portion of the Sweepstakes, in the opinion of the Administrator, or if any problem corrupts the administration, security, or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes as determined by Administrator, in their sole discretion. In the event of early termination of any portion of the Sweepstakes, Administrator reserves the right to conduct the Prize Drawing from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received prior to such termination (as applicable). Proof of submitting entries will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Administrator.
Prize Drawings: Each month throughout the Sweepstakes Period, the Administrator will randomly select two (2) potential Prize winners from among all eligible entries combined for the entire Sweepstakes Period. The (9) drawings will be conducted at the Administrator’s corporate office.
Entrants do not need to be present to win. The Administrator reserves the right to substitute a prize of equal or greater value if an advertised prize becomes unavailable. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period. Potential winners will be notified by phone and/or email. If Administrator is unable to contact a potential winner within five (5) calendar days, potential winner will be disqualified, and another potential winner may be selected as per the method outlined above. Administrator will have no further obligation to a disqualified potential winner. Potential winners will be required to execute a W-9 form so a 1099 may be issued. If a signed W-9 is not received within the specified time period, Administrator is unable to contact potential winner using the telephone number and/or email address provided or potential winner is otherwise not in compliance with these Official Rules, he/she will be disqualified, and an alternate winner may be selected, at Administrator’s sole discretion.
Prize Packages (18 total):
One Thousand Trails Camping Membership providing Up To 260 Nights of Camping valued at $898 and one $1,000 Fuel Card. Individual Sweepstakes prize has approximate retail value of $1,898. Complete Sweepstakes prize has approximate retail value of $34,164. The Fuel Card is provided by the Administrator.
The Thousand Trails Camping Membership is provided by Thousand Trails and includes use of all Thousand Trails campgrounds in one camping zone, for one year. Usage is subject to length of stay restrictions at any one campground. The winner must sign a Thousand Trails Membership Agreement. This advertising is being used for the purpose of soliciting sales of resort campground memberships. This document has been filed with the Department of Licensing, State of Washington, as required by Washington law. Value, quality, or conditions stated and performance on promises are the responsibility of the operator, not the Department. This filing does not mean that the Department has approved the merits or qualifications of any registration, advertising, or any gift, prize, or item of value as part of any promotional plan. MHC Thousand Trails Limited Partnership, Two North Riverside Plaza, Suite 800, Chicago, IL 60606.
Prize Conditions: Prize winners are solely responsible for any expenses in connection with the prizes not expressly described herein as being awarded including, without limitation, any and all federal, state, and local taxes. Prizes are non-transferable and no cash redemption or prize substitution is allowed, except at Administrator’s sole discretion. Prizes are awarded “as is” with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied by Administrator. All prize details are at Administrator’s discretion.
Additional Rules & Restrictions: By participating in this Sweepstakes, entrants agree to abide by and be bound by these Official Rules and the decisions of the Administrator, which shall be final and binding in all matters relating to this Sweepstakes. In the event the winner is found to be in violation of any of these Official Rules after prize has been awarded, he/she will be required to forfeit the prize or to reimburse the Administrator for the stated value of the prize if such violation is found after the prize has been used by such winner. Acceptance of the prize constitutes permission for the Administrator and its designees to use the winner’s name, city and state of residence and/or likeness for purposes of advertising and trade in any manner or media now or hereafter known, worldwide in perpetuity without limitation or further compensation, notification or permission, unless prohibited by law. By participating, entrant agrees to release and hold Sweepstakes Entities harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and liability of any kind arising, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from or in connection with the acceptance, possession or use/misuse of the prize, participation in the Sweepstakes, or in any prize-related activities, including any travel associated therewith, and entrant assumes all liability in connection therewith.
Arbitration: Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Sweepstakes, entrant agrees that (1) any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, or any prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the headquarters of the Administrator; (2) the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and (3) judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys' fees, other than entrant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with participating in this Sweepstakes), and entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.
Choice of Law: All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant and Administrator in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Florida, USA.
Winners’ Name: For the name of the winners (available after 5/10/21), send a hand-printed, self-addressed, stamped envelope for receipt by 7/30/21 to: Lazydays RV Nashville Sweepstakes, 6130 Lazy Days Boulevard, Seffner, FL 33584.
$1,000 Fuel Card Giveaway | Lazydays RV Service (ending 12/31/2020)
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
Sweepstakes Dates: The Lazydays RV Fuel Card Giveaway (“Sweepstakes”) will run from 12:01 A.M. Eastern Time (EST) April 1st, 2020 to 11:59 P.M. EST December 31st, 2020 (the “Sweepstakes Period”). The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited by law.
Who is Eligible: Sweepstakes is offered only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States, with the exception of Rhode Island, and the District of Columbia, who are 18 years of age or older and have a valid U.S. driver's license. Employees, officers, directors, agents and representatives of Lazydays (“Administrator”), and their respective parent companies, divisions, affiliates, dealers, subsidiaries, advertising and sweepstakes agencies and any and all other companies associated with the design or execution of this sweepstakes (collectively, “Sweepstakes Entities”) (and the immediate families (spouses and parents, siblings and children and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and members of the same household of such individuals, whether or not related) are not eligible to enter or win.
How to Enter: During the Sweepstakes Period, visit https://www.lazydays.com/enter/houston-fuel-card-giveaway and follow the instructions provided to complete the entry form and submit to receive one (1) entry. Entrants may enter only once throughout the Sweepstakes Period, regardless of method of entry. You may only use one (1) email address to enter the Sweepstakes. A valid phone number or email address will be required to contact the potential prize winner. Entries generated by mechanical means or by any means which subvert the entry process will be void at Lazydays sole discretion. All entries become the property of Administrator and will not be acknowledged or returned. Except where prohibited by law, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes winner’s consent to Administrator’s use of winner’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state for promotional purposes in any media, nationwide, without further payment or consideration.
CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS, AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, ADMINISTRATOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DISQUALIFY AND SEEK ANY AND ALL REMEDIES AVAILABLE FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. The Sweepstakes Entities are not responsible for: (i) entries that are lost, late, stolen, incomplete, inaccurate, damaged, misdirected, undelivered, garbled, delayed or not received by the Sweepstakes Entities or their respective agents for any reason, or for any entries submitted in a manner that is not expressly allowed under these Official Rules and all such entries will be void; (ii) any problems or malfunctions, errors, failures or human error that may occur in the receipt or processing of entries, or for destruction of or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, (iii) any causes that jeopardize the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Sweepstakes, or (iv) any other errors or problems relating to or in connection with this Sweepstakes, whether printing, typographical, human or otherwise, including, without limitation, errors or problems which may occur in connection with the administration of the Sweepstakes, the processing of entries, the announcement of the prize or in any Sweepstakes-related materials. All incomplete or non-conforming entries will be disqualified. Administrator reserves the right to cancel, modify or terminate any portion of the Sweepstakes for any reason, including if fraud, misconduct or technical failures destroy or threaten the integrity of any portion of the Sweepstakes, in the opinion of the Administrator, or if any problem corrupts the administration, security, or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes as determined by Administrator, in their sole discretion. In the event of early termination of any portion of the Sweepstakes, Administrator reserves the right to conduct the Prize Drawing from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received prior to such termination (as applicable). Proof of submitting entries will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Administrator.
Prize Drawing (1): At the end of the Sweepstakes Period, the Administrator will randomly select one (1) potential Prize winner from among all eligible entries combined for the entire Sweepstakes Period. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period. Potential winner will be notified by phone and/or email. If Administrator is unable to contact potential winner within five (5) calendar days, potential winner will be disqualified, and another potential winner may be selected as per the method outlined above. Administrator will have no further obligation to a disqualified potential winner. Potential winner will be required to execute a W-9 form so a 1099 may be issued. If a signed W-9 is not received within the specified time period, Administrator is unable to contact potential winner using the telephone number and/or email address provided or potential winner is otherwise not in compliance with these Official Rules, he/she will be disqualified, and an alternate winner may be selected, at Administrator’s sole discretion.
Prize (1): $1,000 Gift Card. Complete prize has approximate retail value of $1,000.
Prize Conditions: Prize winner is solely responsible for any expenses in connection with the prize not expressly described herein as being awarded including, without limitation, any and all federal, state, and local taxes. Prize is non-transferable and no cash redemption or prize substitution is allowed, except at Administrator’s sole discretion. Prize is awarded “as is” with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied by Administrator. All prize details are at Administrator’s discretion.
Additional Rules & Restrictions: By participating in this Sweepstakes, entrants agree to abide by and be bound by these Official Rules and the decisions of the Administrator, which shall be final and binding in all matters relating to this Sweepstakes. In the event the winner is found to be in violation of any of these Official Rules after prize has been awarded, he/she will be required to forfeit the prize or to reimburse the Administrator for the stated value of the prize if such violation is found after the prize has been used by such winner. Acceptance of the prize constitutes permission for the Administrator and its designees to use the winner’s name, city and state of residence and/or likeness for purposes of advertising and trade in any manner or media now or hereafter known, worldwide in perpetuity without limitation or further compensation, notification or permission, unless prohibited by law. By participating, entrant agrees to release and hold Sweepstakes Entities harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and liability of any kind arising, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from or in connection with the acceptance, possession or use/misuse of the prize, participation in the Sweepstakes, or in any prize-related activities, including any travel associated therewith, and entrant assumes all liability in connection therewith.
Arbitration: Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Sweepstakes, entrant agrees that (1) any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, or any prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the headquarters of the Administrator; (2) the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and (3) judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys' fees, other than entrant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with participating in this Sweepstakes), and entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.
Choice of Law: All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant and Administrator in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Florida, USA.
Winners’ Name: For the name of the winner (available after 2/10/21), send a hand-printed, self-addressed, stamped envelope for receipt by 6/10/21 to: Lazydays RV Service 2020 Fuel Card Giveaway, 6130 Lazy Days Boulevard, Seffner, FL 33584.
Fuel Card/Annual RV Maintenance Package Sweepstakes (ending 12/31/2020)
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.
Sweepstakes Dates: The Lazydays RV Fuel Card/Annual RV Maintenance Package (“Sweepstakes”) will run from 12:01 A.M. Eastern Time (EST) April 1st, 2020 to 11:59 P.M. EST December 31st, 2020 (the “Sweepstakes Period”). The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited by law.
Who is Eligible: Sweepstakes is offered only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States, with the exception of Rhode Island, and the District of Columbia who are 18 years of age or older and have a valid U.S. driver's license. Employees, officers, directors, agents and representatives of Lazydays (“Administrator”), and their respective parent companies, divisions, affiliates, dealers, subsidiaries, advertising and sweepstakes agencies and any and all other companies associated with the design or execution of this sweepstakes (collectively, “Sweepstakes Entities”) (and the immediate families (spouses and parents, siblings and children and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and members of the same household of such individuals, whether or not related) are not eligible to enter or win.
How to Enter: During the Sweepstakes Period, there are two methods for entry into the Sweepstakes:
Lazydays customers that fulfill a retail service repair order with Lazydays are automatically entered into the Sweepstakes.
Lazydays guests can request and submit an entry form at any Lazydays Service Center, excluding Colorado locations.
Entrants may enter only once throughout the Sweepstakes Period, regardless of method of entry. A valid phone number or email address will be required to contact the potential prize winner. Entries generated by mechanical means or by any means which subvert the entry process will be void at Lazydays sole discretion. All entries become the property of Administrator and will not be acknowledged or returned.
Except where prohibited by law, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes winner’s consent to Administrator’s use of winner’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state for promotional purposes in any media, nationwide, without further payment or consideration.
CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS, AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, ADMINISTRATOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DISQUALIFY AND SEEK ANY AND ALL REMEDIES AVAILABLE FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. The Sweepstakes Entities are not responsible for: (i) entries that are lost, late, stolen, incomplete, inaccurate, damaged, misdirected, undelivered, garbled, delayed or not received by the Sweepstakes Entities or their respective agents for any reason, or for any entries submitted in a manner that is not expressly allowed under these Official Rules and all such entries will be void; (ii) any problems or malfunctions, errors, failures or human error that may occur in the receipt or processing of entries, or for destruction of or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, (iii) any causes that jeopardize the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Sweepstakes, or (iv) any other errors or problems relating to or in connection with this Sweepstakes, whether printing, typographical, human or otherwise, including, without limitation, errors or problems which may occur in connection with the administration of the Sweepstakes, the processing of entries, the announcement of the prize or in any Sweepstakes-related materials. All incomplete or non-conforming entries will be disqualified. Administrator reserves the right to cancel, modify or terminate any portion of the Sweepstakes for any reason, including if fraud, misconduct or technical failures destroy or threaten the integrity of any portion of the Sweepstakes, in the opinion of the Administrator, or if any problem corrupts the administration, security, or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes as determined by Administrator, in their sole discretion. In the event of early termination of any portion of the Sweepstakes, Administrator reserves the right to conduct the Prize Drawing from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received prior to such termination (as applicable). Proof of submitting entries will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Administrator.
Prize Drawing (1): At the end of the Sweepstakes Period, the Administrator will randomly select one (1) potential Prize winner from among all eligible entries combined for the entire Sweepstakes Period. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period. Potential winner will be notified by phone and/or email. If Administrator is unable to contact potential winner within five (5) calendar days, potential winner will be disqualified, and another potential winner may be selected as per the method outlined above. Administrator will have no further obligation to a disqualified potential winner. Potential winner will be required to execute a W-9 form so a 1099 may be issued. If a signed W-9 is not received within the specified time period, Administrator is unable to contact potential winner using the telephone number and/or email address provided or potential winner is otherwise not in compliance with these Official Rules, he/she will be disqualified, and an alternate winner may be selected, at Administrator’s sole discretion.
Prize (1): Winner can choose one of the following two prize options:
$1,000 Gift Card. Complete prize has approximate retail value of $1,000.
OR
(1) Annual RV Maintenance Package from Lazydays RV Service. Complete prize includes all RV maintenance services associated with the Platinum RV Maintenance Package for winner’s RV. Prize has a maximum retail value of $2,989.99 for diesel motorhomes; $1,609.99 gas motorhomes; or $2,339.99 for RV trailers.
Prize Conditions: Prize winner is solely responsible for any expenses in connection with the prize not expressly described herein as being awarded including, without limitation, any and all federal, state, and local taxes. Prize is non-transferable and no cash redemption or prize substitution is allowed, except at Administrator’s sole discretion. Prize is awarded “as is” with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied by Administrator. All prize details are at Administrator’s discretion.
Additional Rules & Restrictions: By participating in this Sweepstakes, entrants agree to abide by and be bound by these Official Rules and the decisions of the Administrator, which shall be final and binding in all matters relating to this Sweepstakes. In the event the winner is found to be in violation of any of these Official Rules after prize has been awarded, he/she will be required to forfeit the prize or to reimburse the Administrator for the stated value of the prize if such violation is found after the prize has been used by such winner. Acceptance of the prize constitutes permission for the Administrator and its designees to use the winner’s name, city and state of residence and/or likeness for purposes of advertising and trade in any manner or media now or hereafter known, worldwide in perpetuity without limitation or further compensation, notification or permission, unless prohibited by law. By participating, entrant agrees to release and hold Sweepstakes Entities harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and liability of any kind arising, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from or in connection with the acceptance, possession or use/misuse of the prize, participation in the Sweepstakes, or in any prize-related activities, including any travel associated therewith, and entrant assumes all liability in connection therewith.
Arbitration: Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Sweepstakes, entrant agrees that (1) any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, or any prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the headquarters of the Administrator; (2) the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and (3) judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys' fees, other than entrant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with participating in this Sweepstakes), and entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.
Choice of Law: All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant and Administrator in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Florida, USA.
Winners’ Name: For the name of the winner (available after 2/10/21), send a hand-printed, self-addressed, stamped envelope for receipt by 6/10/21 to: Lazydays RV 2020 Fuel Card/Annual Maintenance Package Sweepstakes, 6130 Lazy Days Boulevard, Seffner, FL 33584.
Fuel Card Sweepstakes (ending 12/31/2020)NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW.Sweepstakes Dates: The Lazydays RV Fuel Card (“Sweepstakes”) will run from 12:01 A.M. Eastern Time (EST) January 1st, 2020 to 11:59 P.M. EST December 31st, 2020 (the “Sweepstakes Period”). The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.Who is Eligible: Sweepstakes is offered only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are 18 years of age or older or of the age of majority in their state of residence, whichever is older and have a valid U.S. driver's license. Employees, officers, directors, agents and representatives of Lazydays (“Administrator”), and their respective parent companies, divisions, affiliates, dealers, subsidiaries, advertising and sweepstakes agencies and any and all other companies associated with the design or execution of this sweepstakes (collectively, “Sweepstakes Entities”) (and the immediate families (spouses and parents, siblings and children and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and members of the same household of such individuals, whether or not related) are not eligible to enter or win. Void where prohibited by law.How to Enter: During the Sweepstakes Period, visit https://www.lazydays.com/promotion/fuel-card-giveaway/tampa-florida and follow the instructions provided to complete the entry form and submit to receive one (1) entry. Entrants may enter only once throughout the Sweepstakes Period, regardless of method of entry. You may only use one (1) email address to enter the Sweepstakes. A valid phone number or email address will be required to contact the potential prize winner. Entries generated by mechanical means or by any means which subvert the entry process will be void. All entries become the property of Administrator and will not be acknowledged or returned.CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT BY AN INDIVIDUAL TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS SWEEPSTAKES MAY BE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS, AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, ADMINISTRATOR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO DISQUALIFY AND SEEK ANY AND ALL REMEDIES AVAILABLE FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. The Sweepstakes Entities are not responsible for: (i) entries that are lost, late, stolen, incomplete, inaccurate, damaged, misdirected, undelivered, garbled, delayed or not received by the Sweepstakes Entities or their respective agents for any reason, or for any entries submitted in a manner that is not expressly allowed under these Official Rules and all such entries will be void; (ii) any problems or malfunctions, errors, failures or human error that may occur in the receipt or processing of entries, or for destruction of or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, (iii) any causes that jeopardize the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Sweepstakes, or (iv) any other errors or problems relating to or in connection with this Sweepstakes, whether printing, typographical, human or otherwise, including, without limitation, errors or problems which may occur in connection with the administration of the Sweepstakes, the processing of entries, the announcement of the prize or in any Sweepstakes-related materials. All incomplete or non-conforming entries will be disqualified. Administrator reserves the right to cancel, modify or terminate any portion of the Sweepstakes for any reason, including if fraud, misconduct or technical failures destroy or threaten the integrity of any portion of the Sweepstakes, in the opinion of the Administrator, or if any problem corrupts the administration, security, or proper conduct of the Sweepstakes as determined by Administrator, in their sole discretion. In the event of early termination of any portion of the Sweepstakes, Administrator reserves the right to conduct the Prize Drawing from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received prior to such termination (as applicable). Proof of submitting entries will not be deemed to be proof of receipt by Administrator.Prize Drawing (1): At the end of the Sweepstakes Period, the Administrator will randomly select one (1) potential Prize winner from among all eligible entries combined for the entire Sweepstakes Period. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period. Potential winner will be notified by phone and/or email. If Administrator is unable to contact potential winner within five (5) calendar days, potential winner will be disqualified and another potential winner may be selected as per the method outlined above. Administrator will have no further obligation to a disqualified potential winner. Potential winner will be required to execute and return an affidavit of eligibility, a liability release, and, where lawful, a publicity release. If such documents are not returned within the specified time period, Administrator is unable to contact potential winner using the telephone number and/or email address provided or potential winner is otherwise not in compliance with these Official Rules, he/she will be disqualified and an alternate winner may be selected, at Administrator’s sole discretion.Prize (1): $5,000 Gift Card. Complete prize has approximate retail value of $5,000.Prize Conditions: Prize winner is solely responsible for any expenses in connection with the prize not expressly described herein as being awarded including, without limitation, any and all federal, state, and local taxes. Prize is non-transferable and no cash redemption or prize substitution is allowed, except at Administrator’s sole discretion. Prize is awarded “as is” with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied by Administrator. All prize details are at Administrator’s discretion.Additional Rules & Restrictions: By participating in this Sweepstakes, entrants agree to abide by and be bound by these Official Rules and the decisions of the Administrator, which shall be final and binding in all matters relating to this Sweepstakes. In the event the winner is found to be in violation of any of these Official Rules after prize has been awarded, he/she will be required to forfeit the prize or to reimburse the Administrator for the stated value of the prize if such violation is found after the prize has been used by such winner. Acceptance of the prize constitutes permission for the Administrator and its designees to use the winner’s name, city and state of residence and/or likeness for purposes of advertising and trade in any manner or media now or hereafter known, worldwide in perpetuity without limitation or further compensation, notification or permission, unless prohibited by law. By participating, entrant agrees to release and hold Sweepstakes Entities harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and liability of any kind arising, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from or in connection with the acceptance, possession or use/misuse of the prize, participation in the Sweepstakes, or in any prize-related activities, including any travel associated therewith, and entrant assumes all liability in connection therewith.Arbitration: Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this Sweepstakes, entrant agrees that (1) any and all disputes and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, or any prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by final and binding arbitration under the rules of the American Arbitration Association and held at the AAA regional office nearest the entrant; (2) the Federal Arbitration Act shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings at such arbitration; and (3) judgment upon such arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, or any other damages, including attorneys' fees, other than entrant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e., costs associated with participating in this Sweepstakes), and entrant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.Choice of Law: All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant and Administrator in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the State of Florida, USA.Winners’ Name: For the name of the winner (available after 2/10/21), send a hand-printed, self-addressed, stamped envelope for receipt by 6/10/21 to: Lazydays RV 2020 Fuel Card Sweepstakes, 6130 Lazy Days Boulevard, Seffner, FL 33584.
LAZYDAYS PHOTOGRAPHY, FILMING & VIDEO RECORDING POLICY
This policy (hereafter, “the Policy”) constitutes Lazydays’ corporate guidelines on photography, filming, video recording, video sharing, and other recording on and around Lazydays’ properties, facilities, offices, stores, and campgrounds (hereafter, collectively, “Lazydays Property”).
This Policy describes the non-commercial/personal use requirements for photographing, filming, videotaping, and/or recording on Lazydays Property without written permission.
Lazydays is dedicated to assuring the safety and security of its customers, employees, and members of the public who enter Lazydays Property.
Permitted Non-Commercial/Personal Use
Lazydays encourages taking personal photos and creating personal videos and memories while on Lazydays Property, so long as they are used exclusively for personal, non-commercial purposes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Lazydays reserves the right to prohibit any photography, filming, videotaping, or recording on Lazydays Property for any reason, including, but not limited to, if the photography, filming, videotaping or recording creates the potential, in Lazydays’ sole discretion, for: (i) disruption of business activities; (ii) interference with ongoing operations or service of Lazydays; (iii) a security or safety threat to Lazydays, its customers, employees or the public, (iv) damage to or alteration of property; (v) inappropriate use of the Lazydays name, trademarks, service marks, logos, images, or copyrighted materials; (vi) disruption of or interference with pedestrian or vehicle traffic, parking or pathways; (vii) other safety hazards, (viii) harassment of visitors, customers or employees or (ix) violations of Lazydays’ privacy policies.
All personal/non-commercial photographs, films, videos, or other recordings must be in Lazydays Public Areas (as defined below), must comply with Lazydays’ safety requirements associated with the use of its property, and must be consistent with this Policy.
In addition, all personal/non-commercial photographers, filmmakers, and videographers are expected to be courteous and to use good judgment while photographing, filming, videotaping, and recording on Lazydays Property, and must do so only during normal hours of business operation. All personal/non-commercial photographers are prohibited from using tripods, monopods, wiring or any equipment that may have an impact on the safety of Lazydays’ customers or employees.
Restricted Areas
Photography, videotaping, filming, and recording within Restricted Areas (as defined below) are strictly prohibited.
Any person taking pictures and video, filming and/or recording in a Lazydays safety-sensitive area or Restricted Area, as defined below or as otherwise designated by Lazydays, will be directed to stop taking pictures or video, filming or recording, and may be asked to leave the property or be subject to additional law enforcement action as appropriate.
Prohibited Activities For Commercial & Non-Personal Use
Commercial photography, video, filming and recording is prohibited.
Use of Lazydays Property for commercial or professional photography, videotaping, filming, or recording of films, television shows, commercials, short features, blogs, documentaries, movies, trade publications, or any other recording, for any type of commercial purpose or use, or for commercial profit or gain, or related to the marketing of any company, organization or enterprise of any kind other than Lazydays, is prohibited.
Lazydays strictly prohibits the use of its property, land, and buildings for commercial and marketing-related photography and filming to support or market another company, organization or enterprise of any kind.
However, upon written request, Lazydays will consider requests involving photography, films, or the creation of television shows, movies, documentaries or educational-related projects, providing the subject matter is related to Lazydays.
Consent must be provided, in writing, by Lazydays’ Chief Marketing Officer, before any activity commences which is covered by this Policy at any Lazydays’ location.
The Chief Marketing Officer is located at Lazydays’ Seffner, Florida location at extension 4912.
News Related Filming
Lazydays accommodates reasonable requests for journalistic, news-related, non-commercial filming, videotaping, photography or recording on Lazydays Property at its sole discretion, but reserves the right to deny permission when the request runs contrary to Lazydays’ policies.
Any such request must be directly related to Lazydays and must adhere to Lazydays’ policies and instructions.
Third parties seeking permission must ensure that visitors and employees are not photographed, videotaped, filmed or recorded on the property without their written permission.
Lazydays Intellectual Property in Recordings
Use of Lazydays’ name, trademark, service mark, logos, and other Lazydays trademarks, emblems, images, or copyrighted material in connection with any photograph, video, film, or recording is strictly prohibited without prior, written permission from Lazydays’ Chief Marketing Officer.
Video Sharing
While Lazydays encourages viral promotion and video sharing from and among its customers, Lazydays reserves its rights to protect its valuable intellectual property in instances when uploaded photographs, videos, films, or other recordings violate Lazydays’ intellectual property rights.
Prohibited Activities
The following are some examples of activities strictly prohibited on Lazydays Property which are related to this Policy:
The distribution of printed or recorded materials of any kind.
Engaging with Lazydays’ customers in an inappropriate manner or impeding Lazydays’ business operations.
Unauthorized events, demonstrations or speeches, or the usage of any flag, banner or sign for commercial purposes, or to incite a crowd.
Photographers, filmmakers or other video recording persons harassing, blocking or endangering Lazydays’ customers.
Engaging in any unsafe act or other act that may impede Lazydays’ operations or disrupt any of its facilities.
The following items are not permitted on Lazydays Property among others, which are determined at Lazydays’ sole discretion: any type of explosives, special effects, illegal drugs, clothing with offensive language or content, or clothing that represents someone as emergency personnel.
Filming/Recording by Lazydays
Lazydays may photograph, film, videotape, record or otherwise reproduce the image and/or voice of any person who enters any Lazydays Property and use the same for any purpose without payment to any person subject to all applicable laws.
Drones/Unmanned Aerial Objects
Third parties are prohibited from flying drones or other unmanned flying vehicles above or from within Lazydays Property.
Definitions
Public Area – A public area is an area open to general public access that is not otherwise posted or designated restricted by posted signs or locking devices. Signage, building design, and physical barriers, i.e., fencing, chains, bollards, etc., may also distinguish a public area from a restricted area.
Restricted Area - A restricted area is any area, designated by Lazydays in its sole discretion, as not open to the public. Signage, building design, and physical barriers, i.e., fencing, chains, bollards, etc., may distinguish a restricted area from a public area.
Restricted Areas also include, but are not limited to, Lazydays administration and office areas, classrooms, kitchen and dining facilities, employee work areas, service bays, maintenance facilities, unoccupied recreational vehicles including inventory units, employee elevators.
Lazydays Property is private property. Lazydays reserves the right to refuse permission to photograph, film, videotape and/or record on Lazydays Property for any reason.
For more information, contact Richard Olszewski, Lazydays Property Manager, at extension 4724.
Revised 6/2020
Save your search
Unlock the full Lazydays experience! Login or create an account today to access special features like favorites, saved searches and more.
Add Favorite
You must be logged in to add a favorite.
Sign In
Register
Email or password was incorrect
Email or password was incorrect
Forgot Password?
Please enter your first name.
Please enter your last name.
Please enter your email address.
Please enter your password.
Please enter your password again.
By submitting, you opt in to receive email and texting communication from Lazydays RV.
×
×
Select Your Location
Filter By Zip Code:
Search
Houston, TX
Service Center
20103 Stokes Road, Waller, TX 77484
View Location
My Location
Denver, CO
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
3640 Chambers Road, Aurora, CO 80011
View Location
Make My Location
Tucson, AZ
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
3200 East Irvington Road, Tucson, AZ 85714
View Location
Make My Location
Loveland, CO
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
4777 Marketplace Drive, Johnstown, CO 80534
View Location
Make My Location
Phoenix-Mesa, AZ
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
2260 E Main Street, Mesa, AZ 85213
View Location
Make My Location
Knoxville, TN
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
835 Huckleberry Springs Rd., Knoxville, TN 37924
View Location
Make My Location
Tampa, FL
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
6130 Lazy Days Boulevard, Seffner, FL 33584
View Location
Make My Location
The Villages, FL
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
4505 Monaco Way, Wildwood, FL 34785
View Location
Make My Location
Chicagoland, IN
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
1171 Lions Drive, Burns Harbor, IN 46304
View Location
Make My Location
Elkhart, IN
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
25610 Co Rd 4, Elkhart, IN 46514
View Location
Make My Location
Minneapolis, MN
RV Dealership | Accessories Store | Service Center
8390 Highway 10 NW, Ramsey, MN 55303
View Location
Make My Location
Video
×