http://www.nilorn.com/site-services/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
The pages on this website (the “Website”) are published by Nilörngruppen AB (“Nilörngruppen”, “us” or “we”).Nilörgruppen will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided by them.
When you visit Nilörngruppen’s website, the web server collects some basic information such as your internet service provider’s domain name and IP-address, what pages you accessed on the site, and when.
We use this information only to analyse the use of our website to help guide improvements. We do not collect any personally identifiable information.
Cookies
When you visit Nilörngruppen’s website, it uses cookies, which are small pieces of information that allow them to maintain your connection to the website. This website may use cookies for detecting what kind of device you have in order to present content in the best way, for a language switch and/or for other purposes. These cookies do not collect or store any personally identifiable information. You can refuse the use of cookies, please see more information below.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses cookies (text files placed on your computer) to help the website operators analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Social media
This website uses integrations with various social media platforms to present our shared content with the visitors. These social media platforms – including but not limited to – Facebook, Instagram, Twitter may place cookies on your browser to track and deliver an optimal experience. If you have any questions about the use of these third-party cookies, you should check the relevant social networking site’s cookie policy.
How to refuse the use of cookies
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. However, if you do this you may lose some useful functionality such as personalisation and ‘keep me signed in’ and ‘remember me’ features.
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close