http://www.ellepot.dk/privacy-policy/
Welcome to the Ellepot Privacy Policy
Ellepot does not collect personal data without your knowledge.
When you use Ellepot services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Ellepot captures your personal data (e.g. as name, email, etc.) for the sole purpose for which you provided your data.Your data will only be used within Ellepot as well as by our business partners to whom we delegate the fulfilment of your requests. No further transmission of your data occurs.
Collection and Use of Personal Information Personal information means any information that may be used to identify you, such as, your name, phone number, email address, or mailing address.
In general, you can browse our web site without giving us any personal information. However, there are additional activities on our site that require you to be registered. For example, to receive our newsletter or our contact form. As part of the registration process, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and if you subscribed to our newsletter - to send our our news, event and offers.
Cookies and similar technologiesEllepot uses Internet technologies (e.g. cookies, Java script) exclusively for the purpose of making the operation of Internet applications easier for you. For this purpose, the website uses Google Analytics.Google Analytics (web analysis service) are used to analyse the use of this website. To accomplish this, reports about your website activities are compiled for Ellepot, so that Ellepot can tailor its Internet offerings to your requirements.The collected data is only analysed for statistical purposes and in anonymised form. Google Analytics accomplishes this by shortening the IP address. Under no circumstances will Google link your shortened IP address with any other Google data.
SafetyEllepot guarantees that your personal data is protected from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation, unauthorised access and unauthorised disclosure. All collected data are accountable for and transparent. we process all personal data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
Access to Your Personal Information You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold on. Email your request to us.
Updating Your Personal Information and Unsubscribing You can unsubscribe to general mailings at anytime of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing info@ellepot.dk
Questions regarding data privacyIf you have questions, comments or complaints concerning Ellepot data protection, please CONTACT US.
Links to other websitesLinks that are present on the Ellepot pages may lead to the websites of other companies. Ellepot is not responsible for their content and data privacy strategies.
Trademarks Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks, trade names and/or logos displayed on the web site are subject to the trademark rights of Ellepot a/s (or its subsidiaries), including - but not limited to - all of Ellepot's corporate marks (e.g., Ellepot Machines, Ellepot Paper, ACT and Ellepot Trays) and its product marks.
COPYRIGHT NOTICEYou should assume that the contents of this web site are copyright © 2018 Ellepot a/s, Danish Company CVR-no. 16881686 , Esbjerg, Denmark. All Rights Reserved.Information on this web site, including but not limited to, text, images and sound, may not, except where otherwise explicitly indicated, be reproduced, copied, inserted on websites, transferred, distributed or stored without prior written permission by Ellepot. Modifications to the contents of the web site are expressly prohibited.Parts of the web site may contain images that are subject to its providers copyright.
NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONSInformation on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information contained on the web site may be changed at any time without prior notification or obligation.