https://www.eidap.com/privacy-policy-2/
Francais
Francais
English
HomePet Owner
Sign Up / Log InWhy Microchip?FAQ
Pet Professional
Sign Up / Log InISO StandardsProducts
Breeder / RescueMicrochip LookupAbout Us
EIDAPTROVANContact us
Privacy Policy
Using personal information responsibly:
At EIDAP Inc., we understand the importance of individual privacy. We know that earning the trust of our clients and employees is a permanent and ongoing endeavor. With the growth of electronic media it is necessary to take further steps in protecting the privacy of the individual. We fully support the new Canadian legislation, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, «the Privacy Act», in its role to protect the privacy of the individual. Our role in protecting an individual’s privacy does not stop with this Act. We are continually looking for additional ways to ensure that the personal information we hold is secure, accurate and used in a responsible and respectful manner.
Upgrade Registration Service:
If you chose to upgrade your registration, the information you provide will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
The Upgrade Registration Service is billed at the time of registration and is non-refundable.
It is our goal to post upgrade registration in 3 to 5 business days from the time of your form submission.
Privacy Principles:
Privacy Legislation and EIDAP Inc. support the following nine privacy principles:
Accountability
EIDAP Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer will serve as its Chief Privacy Officer.
Identifying Purposes
When personal information is collected by EIDAP Inc., the purpose for its collection will be;
To facilitate recovery of lost animals with their owners
To offer an accessible database for retrieving information by owners, Breeders, Veterinary Professionals, Rescues and Humane Societies.
To offer products and information that pertains to microchipping
If the purpose changes, the organization will obtain “fresh” consent before the information will be used for the new purpose.
Consent
The knowledge and consent of customers and clients is required for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. The consent of the client is assumed when the animal is microchipped and registered in the Eidap Animal Registry (EAR)
Limiting Collection
Personal information will only be collected by EIDAP Inc. for the purposes that were identified at the time of collection. See Section B.
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
The personal information collected will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than for what it was collected: the return of the animal to its rightful owner.
Accuracy
EIDAP Inc. will endeavor to ensure that the information it collects is accurate in all regards.
Safeguards
Personal information will be protected, by appropriate security safeguards, against loss, theft, unauthorized access, copying etc. including maintaining files in locked drawers and offices, the use of computer passwords, etc.
Openness
A full set of policies and procedures relating to privacy and the management of personal information are to be readily available to individuals upon request.
Individual Access
Clients or customers of EIDAP Inc., who wish to view the records pertaining to them in the EAR database, may do so by contacting the Company’s Chief Privacy Officer. Clients or customers may obtain a copy of their record. A client or customer may provide a written request to the Chief Privacy Officer for correction related to any data contained in their own file or record. Response to an individual’s request should be made within 30 days.
Complaints regarding this policy should be directed in writing to the Chief Privacy Officerof EIDAP Inc.
Email
info@eidap.com
Social pages
© 2020 EIDAP Inc.
Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions
×
HomePet Owner
Sign Up / Log InWhy Microchip?FAQ
Pet Professional
Sign Up / Log InISO StandardsProducts
Breeder / RescueMicrochip LookupAbout Us
EIDAPTROVANContact us
Pet Owner Log In
Pet Professional Log In