http://www.littlelife.co.uk/ll-terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Free UK Delivery
Receive 10% Off Code
Shop Offers
Our Brands
Luggage & Travel AccessoriesVisit LifeventureTravel Health & Outdoor SurvivalVisit LifesystemsAccessories for dogsVisit Mountain PawsSHOP ON LIFESYSTEMS, LIFEVENTURE, LITTLELIFE & MOUNTAIN PAWS. ADD PRODUCTS TO THE SAME BASKET CHECKOUT ONCE
Luggage & Travel AccessoriesVisit LifeventureTravel Health & Outdoor SurvivalVisit LifesystemsAccessories for dogsVisit Mountain PawsSHOP ON LIFESYSTEMS, LIFEVENTURE, LITTLELIFE & MOUNTAIN PAWS. ADD PRODUCTS TO THE SAME BASKET CHECKOUT ONCE Home/Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.littlelife.com (our "Site"). Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the Site. By using our Site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them.
Information about us
www.littlelife.com is a site operated by Lifemarque Limited ("we", "us", or "our"). We are a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 02531239 and have our registered office at Units 1 & 8, Bacchus House, Calleva Park, Aldermaston, Berkshire, RG7 8EN. Our VAT number is 573 0142 67.
Accessing our site
Access to our Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our Site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our Site, or our entire Site, to users who have registered with us.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
Privacy and cookies
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy to tell you how we collect, store and handle your personal data.
We may store information about you using cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device such as a tablet or mobile phone) which we can access when you visit our site in future. We do this to help identify and resolve errors, or to track pages you view and products you purchase on our website. Please note that cookies can't harm your computer. We don't store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create.
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.
Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.aboutcookies.org. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our Site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our Site must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the materials on our Site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our Site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
Reliance of any information posted
Commentary and other materials posted on our Site or provided through links from our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
Our site changes regularly
We aim to update our Site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our Site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our Site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Our Liability
The material displayed on our Site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity; and
any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our Site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our Site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for:
loss of income or revenue;
loss of business;
loss of profits or contracts;
loss of anticipated savings;
loss of data;
loss of goodwill;
wasted management or office time; and
for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Transactions concluded through our site
Contracts for the supply of goods formed through our Site or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our terms and conditions of supply. If you make a payment through Sagepay, such payment is subject to Sagepay's terms and conditions and Sagepay's privacy policy, which can be found on their website www.sagepay.co.uk
Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Viruses hacking and other offences
You must not misuse our Site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Site, the server on which our Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Site. You must not attack our Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
You access the site and download material from it at your own risk and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material.
Linking to our site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our Site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
If you wish to make any use of material on our Site other than that set out above, please address your request to customer.services@littlelife.com
Links from our site
Where our Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our Site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our Site.
Your Concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our Site, please contact customer.services@littlelife.com
Receive 10% Off Code:
Subscribe Inline
First name
Last name
Follow Us
Embrace family life, your greatest adventure yet - with confidence and freedom.For Life's Little Adventures
About Us
Our Story Awards Blog Animals
Customer Service
Delivery & Returns Contact Us FAQs Warranty
Useful Links
My Account / Register Compare Carriers Spares Terms & Conditions
Location: UK UK
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Czech
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
© LittleLife 2020 All Rights Reserved. | Privacy & Cookies