https://www.iowaegg.org/privacy-policy/
About Us
Events
News
Eggsaminer
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Overview
This privacy notice applies to the personal data of consumers that is collected or used on this website and any of its products or services owned and operated.
This privacy notice applies to all the personal data that we collect when you interact with us, such as:
fill in forms on our Website, including any information you provide when you register, create or modify an online account with us;
communicate with us, such as by mail, telephone, in writing or through our Website [or social medial]
use or access our Website (including traffic data and data in relation to the resources you access)
respond to surveys or questionnaires we ask you to complete.
This includes, without limitation, all online collections of all types of personal data.
In this privacy policy we explain why and how we process your personal data. In our organization there’s no Data Protection Officer (DPO). If you have any questions about this document, please contact us via the information below.
Type of Personal Data we may collect
When you interact with us, for instance by registering an account or start a chat on our website, we may ask for or receive certain data, such as:
Your name
Your company name
Your address (street name, zip code, city, state, province, country)
Your payment information
Your email address
Information about the products and services that you have purchased or use.
In addition, we may collect personal data via cookies or similar techniques, including, but not limited to:
Your IP address
Your cookie ID  (read more about cookies below)
Your web browser
Your location
The web pages you visit on our websites
Etc.
To constantly improve our product, we collect log data from the users of this website] about the use of the application.
Why do we collect this Personal Data?
We process personal data for the following purposes:
Customer administration and services
In our customer administration we keep track of who our customer is, including the products or services. We keep various personal details of our customers in order to perform our services as optimally as possible. We keep contact details in order to reach you, interest areas in order to provide you with the best possible information and we process personal data for our services and products.
Newsletters and mailings
You can sign up for our (personalized) newsletter. If you do not want to receive newsletters anymore, you can unsubscribe in every e-mail. In your account settings you can easily set your preferences of newsletters and (service) mailings.
Recruitment (marketing)
We also process personal data for promotional campaigns. For example IP address, cookie ID, social ID and / or surfing behavior. We do this in order to show the most relevant advertisement in the right places. We also use ‘adapted target groups’ via social media platforms. On these platforms (personalized) advertisements can be shown.
Improvement of services
We also maintain personal data to improve our services. For example click behavior on the website to analyze which articles are read the most and open rates to see if our newsletters are relevant.
Cookies
Cookies are small files placed on your device when you visit our Website. We use cookies to recognise you and your preferences, improve the performance of our Website and to create statistical data.
Cookies generally fall into one of the following categories:
strictly necessary cookies which are cookies that are required to allow you to use a website and its features
performance cookies which recognise and collect information about how visitors use a website to create aggregated, anonymous information that does not identify the visitor
functionality cookies which allow the website to remember you and provide a more personalised service to you
targeting or advertising cookies which are used to deliver adverts relevant to you.
Our Website uses the following types of cookies: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, functionality cookies, analytical cookies and targeting or advertising cookies.
Some of our cookies remain on your device between your browsing sessions.
You can disable our cookies by changing the settings on your browser but doing so might mean you are unable to use certain features of our Website.
Third party links
For the execution of our services we use service providers. For example, we use Google Analytics. These parties process personal data in accordance with our instructions.
We have appropriate data processing agreements with the third parties we share data with. We will only provide information to third parties if we have received your permission.
However, we never store or disclose your financial account log-in information (such as your credit card numbers) to anyone.
External links
This website may link to third-party sites not controlled by us and which do not operate under our privacy practices. When you link to third-party sites, our privacy practices no longer apply. We encourage you to review each third-party site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Billing and payments
We use third party payment processors to assist us in processing your payment information securely. These processors process the data independently. We suggest you to review their respective privacy policies.
Children’s privacy protection
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. This Website is not designed for or intentionally targeted at children 16 years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 16.
Access to information
You have a right under the DPA to access information we hold about you by contacting us using the information below. Please include your name and address and any other information which may identify you. We will not charge you to access this information.
Storage period
We do not store personal data longer than necessary for our agreement, product and/or service.
How we protect your personal data
We recognize and take seriously our responsibility to protect the personal data you entrust to us from loss, misuse or unauthorized access. We use a variety of security technologies and organizational procedures to help protect your personal data. For example, we implement access controls, use firewalls and secure servers, and we encrypt certain types of data, such as financial information and other sensitive data.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this privacy policy or the way your personal information is processed on the websites, or would like to exercise one of your rights set out above, please contact us by one of the following means:
Address:
Douglas Avenue, Suite 9
Urbandale IA 50322
Phone: 515.727.4701
E-Mail Info@IowaEgg.org