https://www.gobfw.com/privacy-policy/
bfw Advertising Website Privacy Notice Effective Date:  March 1, 2018This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for bfw Advertising and our website; https://www.gobfw.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following:• What information we collect; • With whom it is shared; • How it can be corrected; • How it is secured; • How policy changes will be communicated; and • How to address concerns over misuse of personal data.Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number provided on our website:• See what data we have about you, if any. • Change/correct any data we have about you. • Have us delete any data we have about you. • Express any concern you have about our use of your dataSharing We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.Security We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the personal information was obtained, designed to protect against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of, or access to, the personal information provided to us through the website.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Cookies We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Do we use Google Analytics Yes. We use Google Analytics and other web analytics tools to helps us understand how visitors engage with our website. Google Analytics allows us to view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with our website so we can improve the user experience. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. To learn more about Google Analytics privacy policy, click here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.htmlContacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by:Writing us at:bfw Advertising 2500 North Military Trail Suite #400 Boca Raton, Florida 33431 United StatesCalling us at: +1 561-962-3300 © 2018 BFW Advertising. All rights reserved.Privacy Close ()HomeCapabilitiesWorkLife Sciences WorkClientsCultureBlogContactClient Login