https://www.franmara.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Home
My Account
My Wishlist
Checkout
Log In
×
Log In
Email:
Password:
Register
Forgot Your Password?
Login
×
Register
Existing Wholesale Customers with Registered Account Only
Please Submit This Form to Activate your Registered Website Account.
You will receive an email from us to confirm your Website Account shortly. Thank You.
Personal Information
*First Name
*Last Name
*Email Address
Additional Information
Company
* Required Fields
« Back
Submit
Your Cart:
0 item(s)
Search
What's New
Welcome to our online store !
The Leader in High Quality Wine and Bar Accessories
CORKSCREWS
WINE ACCESSORIES
WINE COOLERS / BUCKETS
WINE BAGS
DRINKWARE / DECANTERS
WINE RACKS
BARWARE
FLASKS
CHEESE / BOARD ACCESSORIES
PEPPERMILLS
CIGAR TOOLS
RETAIL CARDED LINE
ON SALE
MENU
Home
CORKSCREWS
WINE ACCESSORIES
CellarDine
Monopol
Boxes
BARWARE
CHEESE/BOARD ACCESSORIES
PEPPERMILLS
CIGAR TOOLS
NEW PRODUCTS
RETAIL CARDED LINE
All Boxed Retail
Web Exclusives
ON SALE
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 12/22/2019
Franmara Inc. operates http://www.franmara.com  this page informs you of our policies regarding
the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We
use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you
agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information
that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is
not limited to your name.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site.
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address,
browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit,
the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such
as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this data.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional
materials and other information that may contact users via email (email newsletters) or other methods.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all
cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may
not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to
use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of (add date) and will remain in effect except with respect to any
changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this
page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this
Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the
Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your
consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this
Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a
prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Franmara Inc.
560 Work St.
Salinas, Ca. 93901
800-423-5855   831-422-4000 fax 831-422-7000
websupport@franmara.com
quick links
On Sale
Web Exclusives
6-Ways-To-Order
Wholesalers
Artwork Requirements
company information
About Franmara
Contact Us
Social Media
Facebook
Privacy Policy
& terms
Privacy Policy
Home
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us