http://www.rexsoft.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement sets out how Rex Software Ltd. uses and protects any information that you provide us.
While using our services we may collect personal information about you. This policy explains what information we collect, and why we collect it. It also explains your rights. Rex is committed to protecting your privacy and safe guarding your personal information. This policy explains how we live up to that promise.
What information we gather
Access and use of websites or other online services
When entering one of our websites, or using an online service, we will record information necessary to provide you with access, for the operation of the website and for us to comply with security and legal requirements in relation to operating our site, such as passwords, IP address and browser settings. We also collect information about your activities during your visit in order to personalise your website experience, such as recording your preferences and settings, and to collect statistics to help us improve and further develop our websites, products and services.
Responding to your request for information, order, or support
When you contact us (online or offline) in connection with a request for information, to order a product or service, to provide you with support, or to participate in a forum or other social computing tool, we collect information necessary to fulfill your request, to grant you access to the product or service, to provide you with support and to be able to contact you. For instance, we collect your name and contact information, details about your request and your agreement with us and the fulfillment, delivery and invoicing of your order and we may include client satisfaction survey information. We retain such information for administrative purposes, defending our rights, and in connection with our relationship with you.
When you provide your name and contact information to register in connection with such a request, the registration may serve to identify you when you visit our websites.
Contacting employees of our clients, prospects, partners and suppliers
In our relationship with clients or prospects, partners and suppliers, they also provide us with business contact information (such as name, business contact details, position or title of their employees, contractors, advisors and authorised users) for purposes such as contract management, fulfillment, delivery of products and services, provision of support, invoicing and management of the services or the relationship.
Visitor information
We register individuals visiting our sites and locations (name, identification and business contact information) and use camera supervision for reasons of security and safety of persons and belongings, as well as for regulatory purposes.
Marketing
Most information we collect about you comes from our direct interactions with you. When you register for an event we may collect information (online or offline) in relation to the event organisation, and during an event, such as participation in sessions and survey results. We combine the personal information we collect to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence for conducting our business and for marketing purposes. You can choose to receive information by email, telephone or postal mail about our products and services, or sign-up for subscriptions. When visiting our websites or using our services we may provide you with personalised information. You can always opt-out from receiving personalised communication by sending an e-mail to contact@rexprocess.com
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Where we reference that we use your personal information in connection with a request, order, transaction or agreement (or preparing for the same), or to provide you with services that you requested (such as a website), we do this because it is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you.
Where we reference that we use your personal information in relation to marketing, improvement or development of our products or services, for reasons of safety and security, or regulatory requirements other than in connection with your agreement or request, we do this on the basis of our or a third party’s legitimate interests, or with your consent.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. You may already have changed your browser settings to allow cookies in which case you will receive the cookie automatically. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that third party website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement of the website in question.
Retention Period
We will not retain personal information longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is processed, including the security of our processing complying with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g. audit, accounting and statutory retention terms), handling disputes, and for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims in the countries where we do business.
Your Rights
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at contact@rexprocess.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You can request to access, update or correct your personal information. You also have the right to object to direct marketing. You can access the request process here.
You may have additional rights pursuant to your local law applicable to the processing. For example, if the processing of your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and your personal information is processed based on legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing on grounds relating to your specific situation. Under GDPR you may also have the right to request to have your personal information deleted or restricted and ask for portability of your personal information.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Rex
Rex Software Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you for certain information by which you can be identified when using this website you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Rex Software Ltd. may change this statement from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This statement is effective from 25th May 2018.