http://www.happyworker.com/privacy-terms-copyright#Copyright
Skip to main content
Site Policies
Legalese aka Privacy Policy, Terms of Use & Copyright Notice
Ah... now it's time for some legalese fun! :)  Here's some things our lawyer thought we needed to include on our web site... and over the years we've learned not to mess with lawyers.
We believe in treating people fairly and honestly, and ask the same in return. Towards these ends, our general policies regarding our on-line presence are outlined in super-legal-detail below:
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright Notice
Privacy Policy
Happy Worker respects the privacy of our Web site visitors and our customers. We use information we collect from our Web site to develop the best products and provide the best customer service possible. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you about the information we gather and how it is used and disclosed.
The primary purpose of this web site is to provide information on Happy Worker and our products to prospective customers and partners. In the course of doing business through this Web site with you, Happy Worker may collect and use the information you provide to better serve you and your clients.
Through our web site we collect personal and non-personal information. Non-personal information is collected to track the total number of guests visiting our site and to guide our efforts to improve our Internet presence. The non-personal information we monitor includes information such as the browser type and operating system being used by our visitors, areas of the sites visited, date and time of access, host or service-provider information and identification of the referring site.
Personal information that can identify a visitor, such as name or address, is collected only when voluntarily offered. We may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, including your e-mail address, postal address, home or work telephone number for purposes such as correspondence. If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we or our business partners may need - to correspond with you for example - it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information.
Like many other sites, our site may utilize a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our site is used. Cookies were designed to help a web site recognize a user's browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. Our web site may use cookies to enhance your visit and subsequent visits. Cookies can securely store information such as a user's password, personalize web pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections. Our cookies may collect your domain name and track your selections through our web pages. The user may delete or block these cookies. Cookies themselves do not enable us to access any personal information about our visitors. However, they do allow Happy Worker to analyze guests' use of our site and allow our visitors to more easily utilize the site. Our analysis of the information obtained through the use of cookies helps us better understand which areas of our site are most useful and popular so we can plan improvements and updates accordingly.
We use our best efforts to ensure the security of personal and business information submitted by users. When we collect information from our users, it is stored in an area where the general public does not have access to it.
Our site may contain links to other web sites. We have no control over the policies, privacy practices or the content of any of the web sites to which we may provide links. We recommend that you should check the privacy and other policies of the web site sponsor when linking to other web sites.
Questions regarding our privacy policy, the accuracy of your personal information or the use of the information collected should be directed via e-mail to info@happyworker.com.
Terms of Use
Happy Worker Inc. ("Happy Worker")" provides this Web site and related Internet services subject to your agreement with the conditions below. And now, without further ado, the legalese:
Happy Worker retains the title to and ownership of all information, images, materials, data, and intellectual property provided on this web site (collectively, the "Material"), including, without limitations, all copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other proprietary rights in the Material. You agree not to remove from the Material any copyright notice, trademark notice, or other notice on the Material. In no event shall you create any derivative works of any Material.
The materials made available, including materials in linked sites directly or indirectly accessible from here, are provided "as is ". We do not warrant that the materials will be error free, nor free of viruses, defamatory, offensive, or other harmful matter. You assume the entire cost of any necessary service, repair, or correction.
Copyright Notice
The Material contained within the http://www.happyworker.com/ web site, including but not limited to information, images and text are copyright © 2002-2014 by Happy Worker Inc. All Rights Reserved. We're pretty easy going types, but if you wish to reproduce anything from this site, please drop us a line and ask us first.
All open source code and free software used in the site are copyright © their respective authors. For more information on free software and open source copyrights, please visit the GNU GPL.
p.s. you get 10 extra legal brownie points if you actually read all this! Just give this page to your (or any) lawyer and tell 'em we said you deserve something special.
Newsletter signup
Monthly e-news, chockfull of toys, design, and things worth looking at.
Email:
Be a happy worker! :)