http://www.imergentinc.com/terms-and-conditions
Sales: 602.714.8500
Support: 602.903.7271
Products & Services.hold
Hosted Cloud Communications
Support.hold
Support Information
Credit Card Authorization Form
Dealers.hold
Where to Buy
Company.hold
About Us
Executive Leadership
Community Outreach
Partners
Careers
Investors.hold
Corporate Overview
Corporate Governance
Officers and Directors
Stock Quote
SEC Filings
Press Releases
Request Materials
Financial Tearsheet (PDF)
Contact Us
Blogs.hold
Telecom Blog
SEO Blog
Login
Terms of Service
Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions apply to Crexendo, Inc., its subsidiaries, divisions and related entities which are billed herein, which are collectively referred to below as the Company.
By submitting this form, you agree to the individual privacy policies and usage agreements for each respective site for the billed service. Links to complete versions of each privacy policy and usage agreement are located at the bottom of this page.
If you choose to sign up for telecommunications, web hosting, or any other service provided by the Company and pay the recurring monthly charges using a credit or debit card you hereby provide pre-authorization and consent that the Company may charge the applicable fees on a monthly basis. You may stop payment on any pre-authorized charge by notifying the Company at least three business days prior to the scheduled charge date. You agree your pre-authorization and written consent to charge your credit or debit card is given by submitting this request form. You further agree that these terms and conditions shall be your copy of your pre-authorization for the debit card.
The Company grants no other warranties, expressed or implied, by statute or otherwise, regarding the products, their fitness for any other purpose, their quality, their merchantability, or otherwise. The warranty and remedies set forth above are exclusive and in lieu of all other, oral or written, expressed or implied. No company employee or agent is authorized to make any modifications or additions to this warranty. Some States do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or limitation of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Domain Name Registration
By submitting a request for a Domain Name registration, you agree to abide by these terms and conditions during the period of registration (the "Registration Period") for the Domain Name. You hereby authorize the Company to reserve the requested Domain(s) on your behalf for the Registration Period you choose at the point of purchase, and agree that once Domain(s) are purchased, the purchase price is not refundable.
After the initial Registration Period has elapsed, unless you have previously opted out of the automatic renewal of your domain name, the Company will attempt to renew the Domain on your behalf for on the Registration Period you choose at the point of purchase. Automatic renewals will continue until you notify the Company’s Customer Service with a request to terminate your Domain Name subscription or you request a transfer of the Domain Name to a different registrar. The Company will attempt to bill your payment method approximately two (2) weeks in advance of your Domain Name expiration date. The Company offers the automatic renewal process as a courtesy. You are responsible to make sure your domains renew prior to their expiration. If you elect not to have your domains automatically renew, you must manually renew them prior to their expiration date, or you risk losing the domain.
If your Domain subscription lapses, it may be renewed within approximately 35 days of the expiration date by updating your payment method and notifying the Company of your desire to retain the Domain. However, the Domain may be released at any time during this 35 day period by the registrar. If your Domain is released, it is no longer under the control of the Company and the disposition of the Domain will be at the discretion of the Registrar in accordance with the Registrar's Domain Name deletion policy. Although the Company will make the best effort possible to recover expired Domains, no guarantee exists for the retention of the Domain beyond the expiration date.
Once your Domain is registered, please allow up to 24 hours before the Domain Name propagates and you are able to browse to your website.
Crexendo General Privacy Statement
Crexendo Telecom Terms of Service
Crexendo Telecom Privacy Policy
StoresOnline Privacy Policy
StoresOnline Usage Agreement
About Us  ·  Privacy Statement  ·  Terms of Service  ·  Cloud Phone System
Copyright © 2012 Crexendo, Inc. All rights reserved.