https://www.grandyoats.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
***** NEW smaller NUTS & TRAILS SIZES! *****ALWAYS FREE SHIPPING on orders over $50
Privacy policy
Last Revised: November 5, 2018
Bountiful Berry Inc. dba GrandyOats (“GrandyOats”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you when you visit www.grandyoats.com (the “Website”) and purchase our products and/or use services offered via the Website (the “Services”), how we use the information we collect, with whom we share it, how we protect it, and the choices we offer you regarding our collection and use of such information.
This Privacy Policy has been compiled to better serve Website visitors who are concerned with how their personally identifiable information (“PII”) is being used online. PII, as such term is used under applicable United States privacy law, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect and/or otherwise handle your PII in connection with the Website. What PII do we collect from the people that visit the Website?
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not collect information from visitors of the Website.
When do we collect PII? We collect PII from you when you fill out a form, or otherwise enter PII, on the Website.
How do we use your PII? We may use the PII we collect from you in the following ways when you register / sign-up with us, make a purchase from us, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, use certain Website features or otherwise visit the Website:
To provide you the Services, including, without limitation, newsletter subscriptions, and to send periodic emails to you regarding your applicable order(s) and/or the information or materials you request from us; and
To communicate with you about our products, Services, offers, and promotions and third-party products and services that may be of interest to you;
To enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements with you and to protect other users of the Services and/or Website;
To comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards; and
For use in connection with our internal business purposes (e.g., to operate, evaluate, and improve the Website, our business, and the products and Services we offer or to develop new products or services; to analyze trends and statistics regarding use of the Services, product purchases and/or transactions conducted using the Services; etc.).
We may combine the information we collect with publicly available information and information we may receive from our parent, affiliate, or subsidiary companies, business partners, and other third parties. We may use that combined information to enhance and personalize your experience with us, to communicate with you about products, services, and events that may be of interest to you, for promotional purposes, and for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
How do we protect PII? GrandyOats does not itself store or maintain PII, though the third-party email and other vendors we use to facilitate the hosting and provision of the Website / Services may do so. Please note that the electronic transmission of information is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee that the security measures such third party vendors have in place to safeguard PII will never be defeated or fail, or that such measures will always be sufficient or effective. Any transmission of PII is at your own risk.
IN ADDITION TO, AND WITHOUT IN ANY WAY LIMITING, THE FOREGOING, (A) YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE / SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK; (B) To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, GrandyOats, AND ITS AFFILIATES, THIRD PARTY VENDORS AND SUPPLIERS disclaim all Warranties, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE / SERVICES; AND (C) GRANDYOATS MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE WEBSITE / SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE.
What is a “cookie” and how do we use them? A “cookie” is a text file that the Website sends to a Website visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. You have the following choices in connection with the Website’s use of cookies: you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (e.g., Google Chrome, Internet Explorer) settings. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify cookies. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove Flash cookies. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the features of the Website / Services.
Third-party disclosure
Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to third parties your PII. We may disclose aggregated information about our users (i.e., information that does not identify any individual user) without restriction. We may disclose PII about you:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are obligated to keep PII confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of GrandyOats, users of the Website / Services or others;
With your consent;
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements with you; and/or
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
We also reserve the right to transfer your PII to a buyer or other transferee in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, sale, or other transfer of some or all of our assets. Should such a sale, merger, or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use your PII in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Use of Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications available through the Website and/or Services, including advertisements, may be served by third parties. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Website and/or Services, such as your IP address, pages you visit, and when you view a page or open an email in which a tag is embedded. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content and for other purposes. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. The information practices of these third parties are governed by their own privacy policies and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
California Online Privacy Protection Act (“CalOPPA”)
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy.
Pursuant to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit the Website anonymously.
We will include a link to this Privacy Policy on the home page of the Website and/or on the first significant page a user sees after visiting the Website. Such Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy” and can be easily be found on the page(s) specified above.
GrandyOats reserves the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will inform you (by posting notice on the Website) that our privacy practices have changed. In the event we make a material change to how we use your PII, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of such new or different use. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is at the top of this page. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to check for any updates or changes. A Website user is able to change his / her PII by emailing us at info@grandyoats.com.*
*We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any applicable law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 may permit users of our Website / Services who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@grandyoats.com or write us at: Bountiful Berry Inc. dba GrandyOats 34 Schoolhouse Rd. Hiram, ME 04041 Attn: California Resident Personal Information Disclosure Request
Children under the age of 13
The Website / Services are not directed to, and GrandyOats does not knowingly collect or solicit PII from, children under the age of 13. If we learn we have collected or received PII from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at info@grandyoats.com.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and details penalties for violations. We collect your email address:
For the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, above; In order to provide you the Website / Services, including, without limitation, newsletter subscriptions; and For use in connection with our internal business purposes. To be in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails from GrandyOats, you may opt-out by clicking the relevant “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of all such emails, and/or email us at info@grandyoats.com, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly remove you from ALL GrandyOats correspondence. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below: www.grandyoats.com Bountiful Berry Inc. dba GrandyOats 34 Schoolhouse Rd. Hiram, ME 04041 info@grandyoats.com (207) 935-7415
Invalid Password
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection