http://www.alarm.org/privacy-policy
About Us
Privacy & Policy
Contact
Friday, December 11, 2020
Home Safety
Business Safety
Your Safety
Local Impact
Find a Professional
No Result
View All Result
Home Safety
Business Safety
Your Safety
Local Impact
Find a Professional
No Result
View All Result
No Result
View All Result
Privacy Policy
Alarm.org is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Alarm.org Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Alarm.org website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Alarm.org collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Alarm.org also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Alarm.org. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Alarm.org for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Alarm.org Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Alarm.org public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Alarm.org does not read any of your private online communications.
Alarm.org encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Alarm.org so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Alarm.org is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Alarm.org and Alarm.org family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Alarm.org collects and uses your personal information to operate the Alarm.org Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Alarm.org also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Alarm.org and its affiliates. Alarm.org may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Alarm.org does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Alarm.org may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Alarm.org may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Alarm.org, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Alarm.org does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Alarm.org keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Alarm.org, in order to determine what Alarm.org services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Alarm.org to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Alarm.org Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Alarm.org or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Alarm.org; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Alarm.org, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Alarm.org Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Alarm.org pages, or register with Alarm.org site or services, a cookie helps Alarm.org to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Alarm.org Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Alarm.org features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Alarm.org services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Alarm.org secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Alarm.org secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Alarm.org will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Alarm.org encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Alarm.org is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Alarm.org welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Alarm.org has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Alarm.org at Communications@ESAweb.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Recommended.
Crime Prevention for the Workplace
August 23, 2019
How to Recover Stolen Items After a Burglary
March 5, 2020
Facebook
Through Alarm.org, The Electronic Security Association (ESA) provides a wide range of information that will help consumers and businesses make smart security and life safety decisions.
© ESA 2018
Tagsalarm system
Awareness
burglar
burglars
business owners
Business safety
business security
Camera
college safety
community
community safety
Crime
crime prevention
cybersecurity
cyber security
electronic secuirty
Family
Fire Safety
home safety
home security
inspect
Intrusion
kid safety
Local
pets safety
police
police safety
Preparedness
prosecurity
remodeling
resale
restaurant
safety
School Safety
Seasonal
security
Smart Home
social media
Study
technology
tips
veterans
video
video surveillance
witness
Categories
Business Safety
Home Safety
Local Impact
News
Your Safety
Established in 1948, ESA is the largest trade association in the United States representing the electronic life safety and security industry. Together, ESA member companies employ more than 500,000 industry professionals and serve more than 34 million residential and commercial clients.
No Result
View All Result
Home Safety
Business Safety
Your Safety
Local Impact
Find a Professional
© 2018 ESA.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Visit our Privacy and Cookie Policy. I Agree