http://www.hayley-group.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content Cookies and IP AddressesA cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to identify users returning to a website.Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.Essential Cookies These cookies are essential for the running of our websites. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function, these are typically used within contact forms or the secure login section of our site.Analytical CookiesWe use these types of cookies to monitor the usage of our website. These cookies provide us with information that helps us provide a better service / product to our customer, they also identify any areas that may need maintenance.Third Party CookiesWe may also track IP addresses. An IP Address is a number that can identify an Internet Service Provider and country location. It cannot provide personal information.How to control the use of cookiesYou are not obliged to accept cookies and may modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies. The browser you use allows you to see cookies and control their use.You can control them by allowing them, deleting them individually or deleting all of them. You can also set your browser to not accept cookies altogether. If this option is selected, you should be aware that many websites will not function properly or at all. It may be possible to set your browser to not accept cookies and ask for your consent before each cookie is set on your device. This gives you control over what is set on your device, however has the drawback of slowing down your browsing experience.There are different levels of control too. You are able to prevent just third party cookies being deployed, effectively opting out of behavioural advertising, and some even allow you to block specific companies you do not wish to deploy a cookie, instead of selecting all companies.In order to manage your cookies, please select your browser from the list below and follow the instructions:ChromeFirefoxInternet ExplorerOperaSafariThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Scroll To Top