https://www.fiberscope.net/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Choose Currency
CAD
USD
Privacy Policy
1. Sites covered by this Policy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to all Medit Inc. owned websites and domains (including http://www.fiberscope.net/), and our wholly owned subsidiaries.
The Medit Inc. websites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Medit Inc. website. Medit Inc. does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Medit's. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered by the present Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with Medit Inc.; that sharing is governed by that third-party company's privacy policy.
2. Types of information we collect
This Privacy Statement covers personal information, non-personal data collection and aggregate reporting.
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Medit Inc. uses personal information to understand better your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship with Medit Inc. We take seriously the trust you place in us. Medit Inc. will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.
On some Medit Inc. websites, you can order products or services, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register yourself or your Medit Inc. products, or apply for a job at Medit Inc. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data.
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity. Medit Inc. collects and analyzes non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the Medit Inc. websites.
Non-personal data we collect may include the pages visited on the Medit Inc. websites, unique URLs1 visited within our website, browser type and IP address. Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
For security purposes Medit Inc sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account, or makes purchases under your name.
3. Children’s Privacy
Medit Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. Medit Inc. does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and Medit Inc. does not target its websites to children under 13.
4. How we use your information
Medit Inc. uses your personal information to provide you with services and to help us better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and benefits, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize some Medit Inc. websites. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding Medit Inc. products or services. We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding such communications.  You may, at any point, contact us to request an opt-on on future communication. Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. This information is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or Medit Inc. and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services, unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases.
Personal data collected online may also be combined with information you provide Medit Inc. through other sources such as product registration, call centers or public events such as trade shows or seminars.
Personal data given to Medit Inc. may be transferred across state, provincial and/or country borders for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management.
Non-personal data is aggregated for reporting about Medit Inc. website usability, performance and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
5. Who we share your information with
Medit Inc. will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. Medit Inc. will not share your personal information with third parties except in responding to your requests for products or services. Your permission will be requested when you submit your information. Medit Inc. shares customer information across Medit-owned business entities and companies working on our behalf, but only as required to meet your product or service requirements.
Medit Inc. occasionally may contract with third-party service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions. Suppliers and service providers are required to keep confidential the information received on behalf of Medit Inc. and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Medit Inc. These service providers may change or we may contract with additional service providers to better accommodate our customers. Medit Inc. will not share personal information with any other third parties without your permission, unless required by law enforcement action, subpoena, or local law.
Medit Inc. or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or some or all of their respective assets could be acquired. If such a combination or acquisition occurs, Medit Inc. will make every reasonable effort to notify you in the event we share with the merging or acquiring entity some or all of your personal information to continue serving you.
6. Placing an order
When you decide to place an order, you are asked to complete an order form. The order form requires your name, billing and shipping address, credit card number, expiration date and CID#. You should also include other information fields such as your telephone number, to allow us to contact you regarding your order if necessary. This information is collected to make your shopping experience with us as smooth and pleasant as possible. It is used only for the benefit of our customers and Medit Inc..
7. Your Choices
Medit Inc. gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product- and service-specific information and Medit-wide marketing communications. Medit-wide communications may include new product information, special offers, or an invitation to participate in market research. We give you a choice regarding delivery of Medit-wide communications by postal mail, e-mail and telephone. You can make or change your choices at the data collection point. We will make every effort to honour your preferences. This option does not apply to communications for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings or driver updates.
8. Your information and third-party companies
Certain Medit Inc. services are linked with those from unrelated third-party companies, some which offer you the option to share with both Medit Inc. and the third party personal data you provide. We will not share your personal information with those third-party companies unless you make that choice.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
9. Access to and accuracy of your information
Medit Inc. strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of Medit Inc.’s websites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us via "Contact Us" page
10. Keeping your information secure
Medit Inc. is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Medit Inc. has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use a valid 128 SSL digital certificate from RSA Data Security Inc. and Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us. This security measure is working when you see either the symbol of an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser) on the bottom of your browser window.
The SSL (secure socket layer) protocol is the web standard for encrypting communications between users and web sites. Data sent via an SSL connection is protected by encryption, a mechanism that prevents eavesdropping and tampering with any transmitted data. SSL provides businesses and consumers with the confidence that private data sent to a web site, such as credit card numbers, are kept confidential. Web server certificates are required to initialize an SSL session.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. As part of real-time payment processing, Medit Inc. subscribes to a fraud management service. This service gives you and Medit Inc. an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud to protect your financial data.
11. Contacting us
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please use our contact page to send them to us.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to: Phillip Gavalov at 96 Sherbrook Street Winnipeg, Manitoba R3C2B3 Canada.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
This Privacy Policy follows the current guidelines set out by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), the Federal legislation that controls the collection of personal information in Canada. For more information on PIPEDA please refer to the following website: https://www.priv.gc.ca/leg_c/r_o_p_e.asp
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Please wait...
Qty
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Price:
Continue shopping
or
View Cart