http://www.stcloudwindow.com/privacy-policy/
MenuProductsSearch our ProductsAcoustic Aluminum ProductsHistoric Aluminum Products CloseProjectsAboutAbout St. Cloud WindowTestimonialsAIA Continuing Education CloseNewsLatest News
Advantages of Triple Pane Glass for Commercial Windows
Why Are Accurate Acoustic Performance Standards Important
Why Adaptive Reuse of Historical Buildings is More Sustainable and Benefits Immeasurable
Read All Our News Close CloseContactContact Info Phone: 320.251.9311
Toll Free: 800.383.9311
Fax: 320.255.1513
info@stcloudwindow.com
Contact Form
Our Location St. Cloud Window, INC.
390 Industrial Blvd.
Sauk Rapids, MN 56379
Map
Contact Us General Inquiries
Media Inquiries
Careers
Lunch and Learn Request
Quote/Budget Request
Upload Drawings
Close
Close
Owner and Data Controller
St Cloud Window Inc. 390 Industrial Blvd. Sauk Rapids, MN 56379
Owner contact email: info@stcloudwindow.com
Types of Data Collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: email address, Cookies, Usage Data, first name, last name, phone number, address, password, company name, country, and ZIP/Postal code.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Website.
All Data requested by this Website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Website to provide its services. In cases where this Website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Website or by the owners of third-party services used by this Website serves the purpose of providing the service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Website and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner. By accessing this Website, Users agree to indemnify Owner for any third-party claims relating to or arising from Users’ possession, publication, sharing, posting or other use of third-party Personal Data.
Our Website is not designed for children, and we do not knowingly collect information from any person under the age of 13.
Information St. Cloud Window collects via their website is used for its own purposes, and will not be sold to third parties for marketing purposes.
Mode and Place of Processing the Data
Methods of Processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time by going to the Data Report Request page located at https://stcloudwindow.com/privacy-policy/data-report-request/.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention Time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data by going to the Right to be Forgotten page located at https://stcloudwindow.com/privacy-policy/gdpr-right-to-be-forgotten-request/.
The Use of the Collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Handling payments, User database management, Interaction with live chat platforms, Analytics, Content performance and features testing (A/B testing), Managing contacts and sending messages and Registration and authentication.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Analytics and Marketing
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics with Anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users’ IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data Collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Lucky Orange with Anonymized IP
Lucky Orange is a set of tools including dynamic heat maps, live chat software, conversion funnels, and user tracking. Lucky Orange utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on activities and share them with the Owner of the Website. This integration of Lucky Orange anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users’ IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Personal Data Collected: Cookies and Usage Data
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Registration and Authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Website will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Gravity Forms
Gravity Forms is a WordPress plugin that allows the Owner to create forms to collect information. Gravity Forms can be used for contact forms, WordPress post creation, calculators, employment applications, event registrations and general information gathering.
Personal Data Collected: address, company name, country, email address, first name, last name, password, phone number, picture, various types of Data as specified in the individual form and ZIP/Postal code.
Place of Processing: US
WooCommerce
WooCommerce is a WordPress plugin that allows the Owner to create a storefront, online catalog, request a quote form and other ecommerce related activities.
Personal Data Collected: address, company name, country, email address, first name, last name, password, phone number, picture, various types of Data as specified in the individual stores and ZIP/Postal code.
Place of Processing: US
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal Action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Website or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities. By accessing this Website, the User authorizes such disclosure of Personal Data.
Additional Information About User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Website (System logs) and use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information Not Contained in This Policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The Rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Website Does Not Support “Do Not Track” Requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Website and can request that the Data Controller remove the User’s Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information About This Privacy Policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by LiquidWeb and hosted on LiquidWeb’s servers.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Website) and the details about the path followed within the Website with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual, company, group or organization using this Website, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, company, association, or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.
This Website
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Last Modified: 23 May 2018
Request a Quote Today!
Get Started Now
Contact
St. Cloud Window, Inc.390 Industrial Blvd.Sauk Rapids, MN 56379
800.383.9311
info@stcloudwindow.com
Links
AIA – American Institute of Architects
CMMA – Central Minnesota Mfg. Assoc.
CSI –
Construction Specifications Institute
NFRC – National Fenestration Rating Council
National Trust for Historic Preservation
Historic Preservation
Latest News
Advantages of Triple Pane Glass for Commercial WindowsDecember 8, 2020Whether beginning a new commercial construction project or replacing windows in an existing … READ MORE
See All Our Latest News
Proud Member Of
AMERICAN ARCHITECTURAL MANUFACTURERS ASSOCIATION
Continuing Education
Learn More