http://www.sureguard.com.au/page/privacy
Privacy Policy
4.1 Personal Information
Personal information supplied by the purchaser is used by Sureguard Pty Ltd or its authorised distributors to supply products and services, and to ensure warranty and service coverage of products. Sureguard Pty Ltd does not give your personal information to anyone else unless it is necessary to do so in order to provide the service requested by the user and it has made a full disclosure to the user or it has good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations or to detect and prevent fraud, security, or technical issues. Any personal information submitted will not be sold, traded, or rented under any circumstances.
4.2 E-mail Address
The e-mail address that you supply when creating an account on this website will be used to contact you regarding: your account, Sureguard’s products or services and shipping notifications.
4.3 Cookies
Cookies are used to remember preferences that are chosen by the user when using the website. For example, the preferred language in which to view the website is stored in a cookie so that this language is selected when the user returns to the website. No personal information is collected by or stored in cookies.
4.4 Active Scripting or JavaScript
Scripting is used to improve the functionality of the website. Using scripting technology allows the website to return information more quickly to the user. Scripting is never used by the website to install software on the user’s computer or to collect unauthorized information from the user.
Active scripting or JavaScript must be enabled in the browser for some portions of the website to work correctly. Most browsers allow this feature to be enabled or disabled for specific websites. Consult the browser help documentation to learn how to enable scripting for selected websites.
If ever it proves necessary to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
4.5 Change of Policy
If ever it proves necessary to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Copyright © Sureguard Pty Ltd