https://www.faberonline.com/privacy-policy/
Trade Resources
News
Purchase Parts
Hood Closeouts
Search Faber
Search Hoods
Hood Categories >
Wall Chimney Hoods
Bella
Camino Pro
Classica Plus
Dama
Diamante
Glassy
Nova Pro
Stilo
Tender
Tratto
Island Hoods
Bella Isola
Cylindra Isola
Dama Isola
Glassy Isola
High-Light Stainless Steel
High-Light White Matte
Stratus Stainless Steel
Stratus White Glass
Tratto Isola
Built-In Hoods
Inca HC
Inca In-Light
Inca Lux
Inca Pro Plus
Inca SD
Inca Smart Gray
Inca Smart Stainless Steel
Pro & Under Cabinet Hoods
Camino Pro
Levante I
Levante II
Levante 2 Plus
Maestrale 10
Maestrale 18
Ostro
Integrated Hoods
Cristal 24 SS
Cristal SS
Jewel
Scirocco Lux
Scirocco Plus
Velvet
Iconic Hoods
Chloe
Cocktail
Cylindra
Cylindra Isola
High-Light Stainless Steel
High-Light White Matte
Orizzonte
Stratus White Glass
Stratus Stainless Steel
Zoom
TECHNICAL SPECS
Dealer Locator
Support>
Contact
Company
Hood Closeouts
Purchase Parts
Service Locator
Technologies
Trade Resources
Warranty Form
CONTACT
Home / Privacy Policy
Faber Privacy Policy
DISCLOSURE REGARDING PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
Disclosure pursuant to Art. 13 of Legislative Decree 196/03 and subsequent amendments and integrations. “Code for the Protection of Personal data” (hereinafter “Code”). Consent for data processing and disclosure.
Information regarding on-line data collection.
The Legislative Decree no. 196 dated 30th June 2003, called “Personal Data Protection Code” (hereinafter referred to as “code”), provides for protection of individuals and other subjects with regards to the processing of personal data. As data controller (hereinafter referred to as “data controller”), Faber S.p.A. uses the website as a means for providing information about its services and as an instrument for collecting personal data. In compliance with the above mentioned provisions, processing of such data will be carried out according to the principles of honesty, lawfulness and clarity and protection of the confidentiality and rights of website users.
During the time that visitors spend on the website, the data controller’s computer system will collect a series of technical data such as the IP address, browser type, operating system, host and source URL. The data controller may use this data, in aggregate and anonymous form, for statistical purposes regarding website access. Such data will not however be communicated or disclosed to third parties.
With regards to e-mail messages the data controller will, in full respect of the code, collect personal data (including the e-mail address) spontaneously transmitted, handling its subsequent filing for purposes that comply with the interactions manifested by the user and for the period of time necessary for checking and assessing the indications provided, in order to exchange information or contacts.
Processing will concern only ordinary data. The presence of any data that qualifies as “sensitive” (as per art. 4 of the code) will imply the immediate destruction of the relevant message, announcement or communication provided by users.
The data collected in the special website sections may be communicated to other subjects in order to fulfil any requests made. In such cases, authorisation will always be requested beforehand and can be provided on line by ticking a box.
Website users should be aware of the fact that the transmission of data via Internet cannot be considered bound to perform anything other than the correct application of the security standards imposed by current provisions.
Faber uses cookies to track Google Analytics for statistics on visits on the website.
Google Analytics uses first-party cookies primarily to generate reports on user interactions with the Web sites. These cookies are used to store non-personal information. Browsers do not share first-party cookies across domains. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser (Chrome, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, Safari, etc.). This could unable the use of some features of this website.
By using Faber website, you agree with the processing of your data by Google.
For more information on Analytics cookies: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=it&ref_topic=2919631
The data controller is FABER SPA with Headquarters in viale XIII Luglio, 160 – 60044 Fabriano (AN); Tel. (+39) 0732 6911 – Fax (+39) 0732 691233
Users who send their personal data via the special sections present on the data controller’s website and/or e-mail can at any time exercise their rights against the data controller, in compliance with art. 7 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 that for clarity is hereby reproduced in full.
Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, Article 7
Right to access personal data and other rights.
The data subject has the right to obtain confirmation as to the existence or otherwise of personal data concerning him or her, even if this has yet to be registered, and communication of such data in intelligible form.
The data subject has the right to information regarding:
a) the source of personal data.
b) the purposes and methods of processing.
c) the logic applied if processing is carried out using electronic instruments.
d) identification data concerning the data controller, data processors and the representative designated in compliance with article 5, comma 2.
e) the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be communicated or who could learn about it in their capacity as designated representative on the State territory, data processor or other person(s) in charge of data processing.
The data subject has the right to obtain:
a) the updating, modification or, when there is a vested interest, integration of data.
b) the cancellation, anonymization or blocking of any data processed in breach of the law, including data that does not necessarily have to be kept for the purposes for which it was collected and subsequently processed.
c) demonstration that the operations provided for by letters a) and b) have been notified, including regarding their content, of those to whom the data was communicated or disclosed except where this proves impossible or entails the use of means that are manifestly disproportionate to the right being protected.
The data subject has the right to object, either in whole or in part:
a) on legitimate grounds, to the processing of personal data concerning him or her even if pertinent to the purposes of data collection.
b) to the processing of personal data concerning him or her carried out for the purpose of sending advertising, publicity or direct sales information or for carrying out market research or commercial information surveys.
To exercise the rights provided for by art. 7 of the above mentioned law, the data subject concerned should address his or her request to the data controller: Faber S.p.A.
© 2020 Faber US and Canada • 2 Cabot Road • Hudson, MA 01749 • (508) 358-5353 | Faber US and Canada Copyright
| Faber Privacy Policy - P.IVA 02038920423
×