https://www.jesters-pies.co.nz/privacy-statement
Our Story
Become a Franchisee
Fundraising
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
You are not required to provide personal information to us, although in some cases if you choose not to do so then we will be unable to make certain sections of the Website available to you. For example, we may need to have your contact information in order to provide you with updates from our Website.
When you provide personal information to us, we will comply with the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993.
The personal information you provide to us (including any information provided if you register for a VIPie account) is collected and may be used for communicating with you, statistical analysis, the marketing by us of products and services to you, and research and development.
We may also collect technical information whenever you log on to, or visit our Website. This may include information about the way users arrive at, browse through and interact with our Website. We may collect this type of technical information through the use of cookies and other means. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive to enable our systems to recognise your browser. If you want to disable cookies, you may do so by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use all of the functions on the Website. We use the technical information we collect to have a better understanding of the way people use our Website, to improve the way it works and to personalise it to be more relevant and useful to your particular needs. We may also use this information to assist in making any advertising we display on the Website more personalised and applicable to your interests.
Generally, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for them to use for their own purposes. However, some of the circumstances in which we may do this are:
a) to service providers and other persons working with us to make the Website available or improve or develop its functionality (e.g. we may use a third-party supplier to host the Website);
b) in relation to the proposed purchase or acquisition of our business or assets; or
c) where required by applicable law or any court, or in response to a legitimate request by a law enforcement agency.
You have the right to request access to and correction of any of the personal information we hold about you. If you would like to exercise these rights, please email us at enquires@jesters-pies.co.nz.
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement