https://www.nagraaudio.com/privacy-policies/
Privacy policiesYOUR PRIVACY & SECURITYThis Privacy Notice will help you understand what personal information Audio Technology Switzerland SA. and its affiliates collect and use when providing Services to you and your privacy rights associated with that personal information.For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, “Services” refers to marketing, promotional, and customer relationship management activities carried out by Audio Technology Switzerland SA. on its corporate website www.nagra.com and unless expressly specified herein, does not include personal information collected by products and solutions commercialized by the Audio Technology Switzerland SA, which are governed by privacy terms made available with such specific products and solutions.Contact – Privacy CommitteeAudio Technology Switzerland SA has appointed a Privacy Committee to contact if you have any question or concerns about personal data handling policies and practices. Please send your inquiry to privacy@nagra.com. In your email, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Notice has not been complied with.Changes and updates to the Privacy NoticeAs our Services to you may change from time to time, this Privacy Notice may need to be updated accordingly. Audio Technology Switzerland SA. reserves the right to amend this Privacy Notice at any time at its sole discretion and will provide notice of material changes on this website. We may email you (provided you have an email address registered with us) about material changes therein, prior to them becoming effective but we invite you to consult this page on a regular basis to get information on our latest privacy practices. By continuing to use the Services after changes to the Privacy Notice have become effective, you are giving your agreement to the revised Notice with the following exception: if at the time you provide personal information to Audio Technology Switzerland SA. or to one of its affiliates you are given the opportunity to limit how such information will be used to communicate with you, either by Audio Technology Switzerland SA, by one of its affiliates or by third parties, Audio Technology Switzerland SA will not change your preference in this regard without your express consent. However, if Audio Technology Switzerland SA. sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or Audio Technology Switzerland SA. (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by, or merged with, another entity, Audio Technology Switzerland SA. may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to, or merged with, the other entity without your consent.If, as the result of such changes, you want to alter the ways in which Audio Technology Switzerland SA. is allowed to use your personal information, you can do so by following the procedure described below in the section titled “Access and Control over your Personal Information”.Personal information we collectAudio Technology Switzerland SA. collects personal information about its customers and other individuals for the purpose of providing the Services to them. This information falls into several categories, including:Publicly-available information on Audio Technology Switzerland SAAs a visitor to our public website and landing pages, you can engage in various activities, such as downloading publications, requesting additional information or subscribing to mailing lists (via online forms, or email addresses, including: info@nagraaudio.comOnline subscriptionsTo sign up to our news, you will need to provide your personal email. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link provided in the email, by contacting us directly at info@nagraaudio.com or by writing to us at Audio Technology Switzerland SA., Chemin de l’Orio 30A, 1032 Romanel-sur-Lausanne, Switzerland.Information collected from third partiesWe may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases. We may also share information between our affiliated companies. This helps us keep records up-to-date.Cookies and website trackingOur website use cookies and other technologies to provide enhanced functionality on the site, track data traffic and aggregate traffic movement (e.g. what pages are popular, what sequence of webpages are visited) for analysis, website optimization and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.These technologies record information about your use of our website, including:Browser and device data, such as IP address, region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, device type, operating system and Internet browser type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, plug-ins, add-ons and the language version of the sites you are visiting.Usage data, such as time spent on the site, pages visited, links clicked, language preferences, and the pages that led or referred you to our sites.To learn more about the cookies that may be served through our websites and how you can control our use of cookies and third-party analytics, please see below.Information on cookie useA cookie is a small text file placed on your computer, to help us analyze how you use our websites. When you visit the website again, the cookie enables the website to recognize your browser and deliver an improved user experience (saving time or retrieving pieces of information for a customized experience).We use first-party cookies (set by us) and third-party cookies (set by our marketing and analytics partners) that enable features such as advertising, interactive content and analytics to be provided.The types of cookies we use are:Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website, subscription services and mobile apps and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.Analytics cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website and subscription services are being used or how effective our email campaigns are, or to help us customize our website for you.In particular, our website use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) that uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your anonymized IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website. By using the Audio Technology Switzerland SA corporate website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.How you can control cookiesYou can typically manage cookies via our “Cookie Preferences” link provided at the bottom of each page of the site or via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings,” “help” “tools” or “edit” facility). Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.youronlinechoices.com.If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our website. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our website.Do Not Track signalsSome Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to do not track signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.Third party websites.Please note that Audio Technology Switzerland SA is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-Audio Technology Switzerland SA. websites to which the website may link. You should review the privacy notice of such websites before using the sites.Sharing of your personal information to third partiesWe will on occasion share your information with third parties as described in the notice. We may share your personal information with affiliated companies within our corporate structure and as needed for legal purposes.Legal basis for processing personal informationThe legal basis for the processing of your personal Information as described above is your consent or our need for processing your personal information in order to be able to provide you with the requested information. You have the right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.Security of your personal informationAudio Technology Switzerland SA and its affiliates have put in place appropriate physical, technical measures and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. We update and test such security measures on an ongoing basis and restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information to provide Services to you. Our employees receive training about privacy matters, including confidentiality and security of your personal information.Retention of your personal informationOur policy is to retain your data for a reasonable period of time, taking into consideration our need to provide information that you have requested on company, service and product development and comply with legal requirements.We retain information from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date the information was created.Access and control over your personal informationAudio Technology Switzerland SA makes it possible for you to access your personal Information and more particularly to:Review, correct, update or delete the personal information you have supplied us with (to the extent Audio Technology Switzerland SA is not otherwise permitted or required to keep such data);Object to certain data processing operations or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information;If we have collected and processed your personal information based on your consent, withdraw such consent at any time; orReceive a copy of your personal information processed by us.To exercise any of those rights, you may unsubscribe at any given time using the link provided in the email or contact us directly at info@nagraaudio.com or by mail to:Audio Technology Switzerland SA Chemin de l’Orio 30A, 1032 Romanel-sur-Lausanne Switzerland Attn. Privacy CommitteeEditorThis site has been produced by Audio Technology Switzerland SA., Chemin de l’Orio 30A, 1032 Romanel-sur-Lausanne, Switzerland. NAGRA NEWSLETTER: Stay in The knowGet the latest news from Nagra plus some exclusive content directly in your inbox. Email Address
Up
UP
XGet the latest news from Nagra plus some exclusive content directly in your inbox. Email Address
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok