http://www.tiltedkilt.com/privacy-policy/
Our Menu
Home
Kilt Girls
About
Casting & Careers
Franchising
Locations
Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery
Change Location
Hours
Find Your Local Pub
ZIP Code, or City and State
Radius (Miles)
5 Miles
10 Miles
25 Miles
Choose a Location
Cancel
Sorry, we couldn't find a Tilted Kilt pub near you. Check out your nearest locations:
Cancel
Please read the Privacy Policy of Tilted Kilt (“we,” “our,” or “us”) carefully to learn about our information practices on our websites tiltedkilt.com, and other websites operated by us (together, “Websites”) and the choices you can make about the collection, use and disclosure of your information. The terms of our Privacy Policy apply to all users of our Websites. If you do not agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy, you should immediately stop using our Websites.
Information we collect about you
You may voluntarily provide us with your personal information, including the following information: name, physical address, email address, phone number, birth date as well as any other information you voluntarily provide. If you make a purchase on our Websites, we also will ask you for additional information, including the credit card number and expiration date, billing address, shipping address, name on the account and telephone numbers for the billing and shipping addresses.
Our Web servers automatically identify the Internet Protocol addresses of each visitor, the type of browser used, the pages viewed and the website last visited before visiting our Websites.
How we use your information
We may use your personal information for any of the following purposes: (1) to understand the use of our Websites and make improvements; (2) to fulfill prizes; (3) to register visitors for online activities, including online ordering, sweepstakes, contests, surveys, employment applications, comment forms or any other online interactive activities; (4) to respond to specific requests from visitors; (5) to obtain parental consent from visitors under 18 years of age, when necessary; (6) to provide any necessary notices to visitors or their parent or legal guardians if situations prompt such notification; (7) to protect the security or integrity of our Websites if necessary; (8) to send newsletters and notices of special promotions, offers or solicitations through your selected opt-in methods and (9) in general, to promote and market our business and various products.
In addition, from time to time, we may market certain third party services through our Websites. Should you choose to accept an offer from a third party, we will pass your relevant personal information, which may include your name, address and credit card information, to that third party.
How we disclose your information
We will not sell, rent, loan, transfer or otherwise disclose any personal information to third parties except as set forth in our Privacy Policy. We may share personal information with third parties under the following circumstances: (1) in connection with a court order, subpoena, government investigation or when otherwise required by law; (2) in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or similar event; (3) working with third party companies to support the technical operation of our Websites or execute a specific promotion or program (such as providing responses to the Contact Us page, conduct surveys, or maintain a database of visitor information, etc.); (4) in connection with marketing certain third party services through our Websites or (5) working with third parties that provide services on our behalf and that may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide for us, including handling e-mail, processing credit card payments, administering sweepstakes, deploying surveys and handling guest complaints.
Some of these third parties may be involved in administering or supplementing our databases and will need to have access to the information in order to do so. For example, we may retain a third party to verify the accuracy of information within our databases or to gather additional information about individuals within our databases from commercially available sources.
Personal information we may receive from third party social networking services
If you choose to access or make use of third party social networking services (for example, Facebook or other services), we may receive personal information about you that you have made available to those services, including the geographic location of your mobile device and information about your contacts on those services. Some social networking services allow you to push content from our Websites to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on our Websites. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Websites or enhance or personalize your experience on our Websites. Your decision to use a social networking service will always be voluntary. However, you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Websites by visiting those services’ privacy policies and by modifying your privacy settings directly on those services. Any personal information we receive through third party social networking services may be used as described above.
Access
Our Websites may allow you to choose to receive or stop receiving communications from us. You may opt out of email programs at any time by following the opt-out instructions provided in the email you receive.
Cookies
We may use cookies, which are small files placed on your hard drive to identify you when you visit our Websites. We use this technology to provide you with a more customized browsing experience. You may set your browser to refuse the cookies, but there may be pages on our Websites that you will not be able to access if you do.
Cookies also enable us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Websites. Together with our ad management partner(s), we use this information to help us manage online advertising. The information collected by cookies does not contain personal information (for example, name, physical address or email address).
We also utilize a third party to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from the customers of our Websites to improve the quality of our Websites. No data collected by a third party on our behalf may be owned or used by that third party.
Security
We take reasonable security measures to protect personal information submitted by users from loss and misuse, but cannot guarantee that these measures will prevent a third party from circumventing them and unlawfully intercepting or accessing transmissions or private communications or where an error may occur in the administration of our Websites. Some emails sent to or from our Websites may not be secure. Please consider this when sending information to us by email. Accordingly, we recommend that you use caution whenever submitting personal information online.
Links to other websites
Our Websites may contain links to other websites that we may not own or operate. We neither can control nor are responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website that collects personally identifiable information. Our Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected on our Websites.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under age 13 from our Websites.
Policy changes
We may modify, alter or update our Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review our Privacy Policy frequently. We will not provide individual notice to you of changes to our Privacy Policy, but when we make updates to our Privacy Policy, we will update the date at the top of our Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If you have questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or regarding your privacy, please contact us at guestcomment@tiltedkiltcorporate.com or by mail at:
ARC Group Inc1409 Kingsley AvenueSuite 2Orange Park, FL. 32073Symbol: RLLY
480.456.KILT (5458)
KILT REWARDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This Kilt Rewards (the “App”) is offered by Tilted Kilt Franchise Operating, LLC and/or its [subsidiaries, licensees, franchisees and affiliated companies] (“TKFO”, “we”, or “us”). These Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) apply only to this App and the Rewards Program (as defined below) offered herein, and not to any other website, mobile app, product, service, or program offered by us. These Terms of Use are a legal and binding agreement between you and TKFO governing your use of this App, which includes its content, information, services, and features.
Please read these Terms and Conditions, which apply to your use of this App and enrollment and participation in our Rewards Program. If you do not agree to these terms, then do not use this App or participate in the Regards Program.
Modifications
We may modify these Terms and Conditions from time to time. When we do, we will notify you by email or otherwise as required under applicable law. It is therefore very important that you update your account information or notify us when your email address changes. Any changes to this Terms and Conditions will also be posted here. Your continued use of the App or participation in the Rewards Program after any modification confirms your acceptance to the modifications.
Additionally, TKFO may at any time, for any reason, and without notice or liability: (1) modify, suspend, or terminate operation of or access to this App or any portion thereof; (2) change, revise, or modify this App or any portion thereof; (3) interrupt the operation of this App or any portion thereof for maintenance and support; (4) impose limits on certain features and services, or restrict access to the App; and/or (5) terminate the authorization, rights, and license given above. Upon any termination, the rights and licenses granted to you herein shall terminate, and you must cease all use of the App.
Content & Use
This App and all content, information, and other materials featured, displayed, contained, and available on this App (collectively, the “Content”) are owned by or licensed to TKFO and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, and/or other intellectual property rights. Subject to your compliance with these Terms and Conditions, TKFO grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access, use, display, and download this App for noncommercial purposes only. You may not, in any way, otherwise copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, create derivative works from, sell, or exploit, in whole or in part, this App or its Content. You agree to use this App and the Content in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and all applicable laws and regulations. TKFO may prohibit access, use, conduct, communications, or content that we, in our sole discretion, deem to be harmful to this App, the Content, users, us, our brand, or any other person or entity, or that violates these Terms and Conditions and/or applicable law.
Rewards Program
TKFO offers the Kilt Rewards Program (the “Rewards Program”) to reward and thank our loyal restaurant customers. The Rewards Program is available to enrolled members at participating TKFO restaurants in the United States. Rewards accumulated under the Rewards Program are promotional and have no cash value. There are no membership fees associated with the Rewards Program. All references to points “awarded” and rewards “awarded” is referring to any points and rewards “earned” within the app and loyalty program. In this instance, anything “awarded” refers to anything “earned” as a part of the entire loyalty program.
Eligibility: You may enroll in the Rewards Program if you: (1) are a legal resident of the United States; (2) at least 21 years of age at the time you enroll; (3) have an active, valid e-mail address; and (4) are a human being. No corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies, or other legal entities can participate in the Rewards Program.
The Rewards Program is not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 21. Enrollment/Rewards Account: You can enroll in the Rewards Program and create a Rewards account (“Rewards Account”) by:
Visiting the TKFO website located at http://tiltedkilt.com/
Your Kilt Rewards Account and Rewards (as defined below) from your Rewards Account are personal to
you and may not be sold, transferred or assigned to, or shared with family, friends or others. You may have only one (1) Rewards Account.
As a part of the Rewards Program, TKFO may send you transactional, informational, and promotional messages and/or offers from time to time. These communications may happen in the form of push notifications through the App, email, and/or any other ways you may have selected when you enrolled in the Rewards Program. If your contact information changes, or if you wish to change your contact information or the method by which we send you messages, please log into your Rewards Account and update your contact information or preferences.
Rewards: You will be awarded 4.5 points per $1 (as defined below) toward Rewards (as defined below) as follows:
Qualifying Purchases: Members will be awarded 4.5 points per $1 toward Rewards by making qualified
purchases at participating TKFO restaurants and scanning the bar code on the receipt from your purchase
with the built in scanner in the App or uploading a photo of your receipt within [24] hours of your purchase.
You will be awarded 4.5 points per purchase of $1 or more (each “Visit]”). You will not be awarded any
points if your purchase is less than $1. Please note that even if your purchase is more than $1, you will be
awarded 4.5 points for each dollar spent, rounding down to the last full dollar amount. Further, you may
only redeem one reward in a 24 hour period.
To be awarded points for a qualified purchase, scan the bar code on the receipt or use a QR code scanner at the register from your purchase with the built in scanner in the App or upload a photo of your receipt within [24] hours of your purchase to verify the minimum purchase requirement of $1. After this verification, the points which you may be awarded will be applied to your Rewards Account. You can track the points and Rewards you have already been awarded and that you may be awarded in the future by logging into your Rewards Account History.
Social Media Sharing & Referrals: You can also be awarded extra points for linking your Facebook account to your Kilt Rewards Program account and referring Facebook friends to sign up for the Kilt Rewards Program using your invite code. Your extra points will not be awarded until the referred member enrolls in the Rewards Program using your invite code.
You can also share your TKFO experience on your personal Facebook page through the App. You have the option to make your comment public, but please note that by making your comment public, you grant us the right to use your comment on the TKFO website, Facebook page, and/or other social media outlets.
Rewards: By accumulating 300 points in your Kilt Rewards Account, you will be awarded $5 in Kilt Rewards, which you may redeem at participating TKFO restaurants. Points will be valid for 365 days from the date the points are awarded. Once points are redeemed for Kilt Rewards money back, the value the value must be used within the designated time. Once you receive a Reward, you may start accumulating points towards another Reward. You may only receive one Reward per visit regardless of the number of Rewards you have been awarded in your Rewards Account. A Reward may not be combined with any other offer or coupon. Birthday Rewards are valid for the month in which the Birthday Awards are awarded.
Anniversary Rewards are valid for a month. Sign-Up rewards are valid during the month of signing up for the Kilt Rewards Program.
Points are awarded per each dollar spent during one visit. For every $1 spent, you will be awarded 4.5 points towards Kilt Rewards. Once 300 points are awarded, a $5 Kilt Reward will be awarded to you. Once 500 points are been awarded to you, a $10 Kilt Reward will be awarded to you. Once you have been awarded 1000 points from TFKO, a $20 Kilt Reward will be awarded to you.
Additional Rewards Program Terms: TKFO reserves the right to terminate and invalidate your Rewards Account, Points and Rewards and/or your participation in the Rewards Program if we determine in our sole discretion that you have violated these Terms and Conditions and/or if you have more than one (1) account and/or that the use of your account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful.
TKFO may, in its sole discretion, suspend, cancel, or combine Rewards Accounts that appear to be duplicative, and may refuse to allow you to re-enroll in the Rewards Program. TKFO also reserves the right to “unregister” and make ineligible for the Rewards Program any Rewards Account that has been inactive for a year. Inactive is defined as no Rewards awarded.
TKFO has the right at any time, with or without giving you prior notice, to:
• end or cancel the Rewards Program and/or any specific Reward;
• change any Reward or other Rewards Program benefit we offer;
• change the requirements for awarding a particular Reward;
• change the time you have in which to award a particular Reward; and/or
• change any other feature of the Rewards Program.
If we end the Rewards Program, Rewards you have been awarded but not used will expire on the end date, and you may not redeem any Rewards or use any credits after the end date.
Login and Registration
Certain features or services offered on or through this App may require you to complete a registration process and/or setup an account or login. In connection therewith, you agree to (1) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and (2) maintain and promptly update your information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your login, including your password. You agree to notify TKFO immediately of any unauthorized use of your login, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by TKFO or any other App user or visitor due to someone else using your login as a result of your failing to keep your login information secure and confidential.
You may not use anyone else’s account or login information. TKFO shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
No Warranties
THIS APP, THE CONTENT, AND THE REWARDS PROGRAMS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, AND
“AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, AND TKFO HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY,
OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING,
TKFO DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE APP OR CONTENT WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED,
OR FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS
WILL BE CORRECTED.
Limitations of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL TKFO BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES
(DIRECT OR INDIRECT) WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS APP (INCLUDING ITS MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION),
THE CONTENT, THE REWARDS PROGRAM, OR THESE TERMS OF USE, WHETHER
OR NOT TKFO MAY HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT ANY SUCH DAMAGES MIGHT OR COULD OCCUR
AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. BECAUSE
SOME STATES DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, IN
SUCH JURISDICTIONS, LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY SUCH
STATE LAW.
Electronic Communications
When you visit this App or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this App. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing You further agree that any notices provided by us electronically are deemed to be given and be received on the date we transmit any such electronic communication as described in these Terms and Conditions.
International Users
This App is controlled, operated, and administered by TKFO from offices within the United States of America. We make no representation regarding use of this App outside of the United States. You may not use this App or export any portion of it in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. If you access this App from locations outside of the United States of America, you are responsible for compliance with all local
laws.
Governing Law/Venue
This App is governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Arizona, USA and, where applicable, U.S. federal law, without regard to conflict of law principles. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona for any disputes arising out of these Terms and Conditions, the App, or the Rewards Program. Notwithstanding this provision, you agree that TKFO may apply for injunctive or other equitable relief in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy located at http://tiltedkilt.com/privacy-policy/ (the “Privacy Policy”), which is incorporated herein and also governs your use of this App, to understand TKFO privacy practices.
General Provisions
All or any of TKFO rights and obligations hereunder may be assigned to a subsequent owner or operator of this App in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of TKFO assets. If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines any provision of these Terms and Conditions or any portion thereof to be unenforceable, such provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give the intended effect thereof, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions will continue in full force and effect. TKFO failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive TKFO’s right to act with respect to that breach or subsequent or similar breaches.
Questions
If you have any questions regarding the App, the Rewards Program, and/or these Terms and Conditions, you can contact us at: guestcomments@tiltedkilt.com
Last Updated
Terms and Conditions last updated on 01/22/2019.
Copyright © 2019 TKFO. All rights reserved.
Find A Location Near You