http://www.logicpd.com/privacy-policy/
Home IntroductionThe purpose of our policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather when you visit our website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of the information. The following is the privacy policy for the website Compass Electronics Solutions. For information on GDPR and CCPA compliance click here.Terms of ServiceBy visiting the website, users agree that they will not use the website for any unlawful activity or in a way that would violate the following terms and conditions. This website is governed and construed by the laws of the State of Minnesota. Any use of the website shall comply with all State of Minnesota laws and regulations as well as with all federal laws and regulations.Collection of InformationNo personally identifiable information is collected about visitors who simply browse this website or who download information from it. If you participate in a survey, sign up for a Newsletter, purchase something or send an e-mail, your e-mail address, name, account information and the contents of the e-mail and information volunteered in response to the survey or newsletter will be collected. Submitting voluntary information constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the stated purpose. Visitors who request services available through this website may be required to furnish additional information which may be required by law or which is necessary to provide the service requested. We use the personal information we collect about you on our site to provide you with the services you request and to process the transactions you authorize. We may use the information about your use of the site to improve the site itself and its functionality. We do not sell any of the information we collect for any purpose. If you purchase merchandise, we collect the personal information that you are prompted to enter when completing user registrations, financial transactions, and other forms. This personal information may include your name, company affiliation, mailing address, telephone, e-mail address, and credit card information.We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit: The Internet domain and IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web) from which you access our website; the type of browser and operating system used to access our site; the date and time you access our site; the pages you visit; if you linked to our website from another website, and the address of that website.We will disclose your information, without notice, only as follows:1) To obey orders of the law or comply with legal process served on us.2) To protect and defend the rights of property of Beacon Compass Electronics Solutions and its websites.3) To act in urgent circumstances to protect Compass Electronics Solutions websites, its employees or the public.4) When you have an open account with us, information could be shared with credit agencies.You can request removal of your personally identifiable information from our databases by contacting us at the phone number or e-mail address listed below. To honor your request, we will need the exact information you want removed and sufficient information for us to identify the type of communication you received from us.You may access or update the personal information you provided at any time by sending a request by email or by postal mail to the contact information listed below.ChildrenWe recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of children and we comply fully with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a child has provided our website with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us, and we will delete that information.DisclaimerAlthough this Site provides links to third-party websites, they are not covered by this Privacy Policy. When you link to any other website, you are subject to the privacy policy of that website. Visitors linking to another website are encouraged to examine the privacy policy of that website.We do not warrant the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published on the website, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this website, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this website does so at his or her own risk.Changes to the PolicyWe reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check the Policy when you use our Site to ensure that you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated.Contact6201 Bury DriveEden Prairie, MN 55346Phone: 952.941.8071If you have a technical problem, please contact us.Last updated 2/3/2020 Home