http://www.supportchannel.co.uk/htdocs/legal/privacy.htm
Support Channel
Home
About us
Services
Contact us
Privacy policy
Support Channel respects the privacy of every individual who visits our
web site(s). This Privacy Policy outlines the information Support Channel
Limited may collect and how we may use that information.
Support Channel will not collect any personally identifiable information
about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or email address
("personal data")) through our web site(s) unless you have provided it to us
voluntarily. If you do not want your personal data collected, please do not
submit it to us.
When you do provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the
following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that
information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products
and services; we (or a fulfilment house or other third party on our behalf in
connection with a promotion) may use that information to contact you; and/or
we may provide other third parties with aggregate - but not individual -
information about visitors to or users of our sites. We do not now or intend to
sell, rent or market personal data about you to third parties.
In some cases, we may automatically (i.e., not via registration) collect
technical information when you connect to our site that is not
personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the
type of internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system
you are using and the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our site.
When you view our web site(s), we may store some information on your computer.
This information will be in the form of a "Cookie" or similar file and can help
us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor a web site to better
match your interests and preferences. With most internet browsers, you can erase
cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning
before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help
screen to learn more about these functions.
Any information that Support Channel needs to store and process will be carried
out on databases located in the U.K.
About us |
Site map |
Privacy policy |
Terms of use |
Contact us |
Copyright © 2004
Support Channel. All rights reserved.