http://www.jacksoncoles.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Cookies
We use cookies. By continuing to browse our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.
OK
Home
Portfolio
People
About Us
Join Us
Contact
Privacy noticeIn this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.How we use your informationThis privacy notice tells you what to expect when Jackson Coles LLP collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:Visitors to our website;Individuals who use our services or who request quotes for services from us;People who make a complaint to us;Job applicantsAt Jackson Coles, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of visitors to our website. In particular, we do not sell, rent or trade email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.When someone visits our website, we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out information such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.CookiesOur website uses Cookies to help us provide you with a useful and reliable browsing experience and to help us improve our site. Cookies are small files of letters and numbers that are stored on your device. When someone visits our website, we collect  standard Internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We collect this information in a way which does not personally identify anyone. Cookies ares stored on your individual device and you have full control over their use. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time. To find out more information about cookies and how to manage or delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org.ukChildren’s InformationThe Services are intended to be used by adults and corporate entities interested in Jackson Coles. They are not intended for children, and Jackson Coles does not knowingly collect or store personal information about children under the age of 13.Links to/from other websitesThis website may contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to Jackson Coles, and not to  any other website that we link to. Those websites should have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies in place.If you go to another website from this one, please read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information.If you come to Jackson Coles from another website, we may receive information from the other website. We don’t use this data. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.People who contact us via social mediaIf you send us a private or direct message via social media, we may keep a record of that correspondence. It will not be shared with any other organisations outside of Jackson Coles.People who email usWe use Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt and protect email traffic in line with best practice. If your email service does not support TLS, you should be aware that any emails we send or receive may not be protected in transit. We will monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send is within the bounds of the law.People who use Jackson Coles’ professional servicesWe have to hold the details of the private individuals or organisations who have requested our services in order to quote for and/or to provide these services. In some instances, such as party wall related matters, this may include the details of adjoining owners. However, we only use these details to provide the quote and/or service(s) and for other closely related purposes.We may disclose your personal information to third partiesIn the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If Jackson Coles, or substantially all of its assets, are acquired by a third party, personal data held by it about its clients will be one of the transferred assets.We may disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Jackson Coles, our clients, or others. This includes exchanging information which other companies and organisation may use for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.People who make a complaint to usOn the rare occasion when we receive a complaint from a person or company, we make up a file containing the details of the complaint. This normally contains the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint. We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide. We usually have to disclose the complainant’s identity to whoever the complaint is about. This is inevitable where, for example, the accuracy of a person’s record is in dispute. If a complainant doesn’t want information identifying him or her to be disclosed, we will try to respect that. However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis. We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for two years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the ‘need to know’ principle. RecruitmentJackson Coles is the data controller for the information you provide during the recruitment process unless otherwise stated. If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information please contact us at recruitment@jacksoncoles.co.ukFor the majority of our recruitment, we use third party recruitment agents to assist us in sourcing suitable candidates. These agents will usually collect information from you to assess your suitability for vacancies at Jackson Coles, the results of which may then be passed on to us. Your express consent should have been given to the recruitment agent concerned before they send ANY of your details to us. If you are being represented by a recruitment agent, please refer directly to their privacy and data protection policies. When we receive your personal details from a recruitment agent, we assume they have sent them to us with your express consent. We do not accept responsibility for personal details sent to us by a recruitment agent without your consent, and you should address any complaints of this nature directly with the party in question. It is our policy not to keep speculative CVs sent to us either directly or by a recruitment agent who we do not have terms agreed with. If you send us a speculative CV direct that is of interest to us, we will contact you to let you know in which case your data will be handled in the same manner as other job applicants, as outlined in this privacy notice. What will we do with the information you provide to us?All of the information you provide to us directly, or that is provided to us by a recruitment agent with your consent during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your job application, or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.We will not share your information with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information we receive about you will be held securely by us whether the information is in electronic or physical format.We may use the contact details provided to us to contact you to progress your application. We may also use the other information provided about you to assess your suitability for any relevant current vacancies we have open. What information do we ask for, and why?We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary. The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don’t.Application stageWe may ask you for your personal details including name and contact details. We will also ask you about your previous experience, education, referees and for answers to questions relevant to the role you have applied for. Only those at Jackson Coles who are involved in recruitment will have access to all of this information, which is held securely.AssessmentsWe might ask you to participate in assessment days, complete tests and/or to attend an interview – or a combination of these. Information will be generated by you and by us. For example, you might complete a written test or we might take interview notes. This information is held by Jackson Coles.If you are unsuccessful following assessment for the position you have applied for, or you decide to decline an offer of employment, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained for a period of twelve months. If you say yes, we may proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise. How we make decisions about recruitment?Final recruitment decisions are made by the Partners. All of the information gathered during the application process is taken into account. If you undertake an online test as part of this process, this is marked and a result is generated automatically. However, if you wish to challenge the mark you have received, the result can be checked manually. We ensure that any online testing undertaken is always relevant to the role that’s being recruited for. You are able to ask about decisions made about your application by speaking to the HR Manager. Diversity MonitoringEither during the recruitment process, or upon the acceptance of a job offer, you may also be asked to provide equal opportunities information. This relates to your gender and ethnic origin. This is not mandatory information – if you don’t provide it, it will not affect your application or employment with us. This information will not be made available to any staff outside of our recruitment team, including Partners, in a way which can identify you. Any information you do provide will be used only to produce and monitor equal opportunities statistics.Your rightsUnder the Data Protection Act 1998, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.You can read more about these rights here – https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/is-my-information-being-handled-correctly/Complaints or queriesWe try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of Jackson Coles collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.Access to personal informationWe try to be as open as we can be in terms of giving people access to their personal information. Individuals can find out if we hold any personal information by making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 1998. If we do hold information about you, we will:give you a description of it;tell you why we are holding it;tell you who it could be disclosed to; andlet you have a copy of the information in an intelligible form.To make a request to Jackson Coles for any personal information we may hold you need to put the request in writing, addressing it to our Data Protection Manager, Clare Goggin. If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by, once again, contacting the Data Protection Manager (as below).Changes to this privacy noticeWe keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 15 May 2018.How to contact usIf you want to request information about our privacy policy you can write to:Data Protection ManagerJackson Coles LLPMorelands5-23 Old StreetLondon, EC1V 9HL