http://www.fedequip.com/privacy-policy
Federal Equipment Company uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. We have updated our Privacy Policy and Terms.
Accept
We are OPEN for scheduled inspections Monday through Friday 8:30AM - 5:30PM (Eastern). Contact us at 800-652-2466 to schedule your appointment.
Federal Equipment Company – Site Privacy Policy
Updated 19 November 2019
Federal Equipment Company ("Federal") welcomes you to our website, application, or mobile site (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy describes how Federal collects and receives information about you through the Site, Services, Content and external parties. The Privacy Policy together with the Site Agreement and Terms of Use ("Agreement") govern your use of the Site and Federal’s collection and use of your information. Should this Privacy Policy be revised, Federal will post the changes on the Site which will be effective immediately upon posting. Any material changes to the terms of the Privacy Policy will apply only to information collected thereafter. You can determine when the Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "Updated" legend at the top of this page.
Who we are:
Federal Machinery & Equipment Company (d.b.a.
"Federal Equipment Company").
8200 Bessemer Ave.
Cleveland, Ohio 44127
+1-216-271-3500
marketing@fedequip.com
This contact information can be used as the contact for "Controller" in terms of data protection laws and to contact the responsible person for data protection at Federal.
Why Does Federal Collect Information?
Federal collects your personal information to deliver services to you, to establish a business relationship with you, consummate transactions with you, facilitate doing business with you, to respond to an enquiry by you, to understand our user and customer preferences and needs, for marketing Federal’s services and products to you, and/or to monitor and improve the Site and services
Basis for Processing
Data protection laws require that there is a specific lawful basis for processing. Federal processes your personal information when Federal’s interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
Where you provide personal information for the purposes of an enquiry, Federal has legitimate business interest as a legal basis for processing to respond to your enquiry.
Where Federal enters into a business relationship with you, Federal relies on the legal basis of performance of a contract with you for processing your personal information to complete a contract or transaction with you.
Where Federal processes your personal information for the purposes of sending you marketing communications (such as newsletters or other information emails about Federal’s products, services or sales events), we will rely upon the legal basis of legitimate interests and/or consent (if required and obtained) for processing your personal information for those purposes. You have the right to withdraw consent at any time. Where consent is the only legal basis for processing, we will cease to process data after consent is withdrawn
Where Federal uses your personal information to enhance or develop features, products and services we rely on the legal basis of legitimate interest as it is necessary for as a legitimate interest in providing a responsive service to users and customers to keep them satisfied.
Where Federal processes your personal information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations, Federal relies on the legal basis that such processing is required in order to fulfil a legal obligation.
Before Federal alters the reason for using any personal information you have provided, you will be notified of the intended change in the use of that information, ensuring such use complies with applicable data protection law and, where necessary, obtain your consent prior to using your personal information in a new way.
Information Collected by Federal
Federal only collects information necessary to provide the services offered via our Website, to comply with our legal obligations, to facilitate transactions with you, and to gather information about general Website traffic on our various Websites. Among the information we collect there will be personal information. This means information that identifies you personally such as your name or contact details or data that can be linked with such information in order to identify you.
Federal collects personal information from you which you provide voluntarily including, but not limited to, the following:
Your name (first and last)
Your company’s name
Email address
Phone Number
Address information (shipping and billing)
Tax IDs or personal identification (when applicable to complete transactions)
Industry and market alignment
Preferences and items of interest
This information is collectively referred to as "Personal Information."
We also collect information automatically about your use of the Site such as your IP address; usage statistics; browsing history; types of computer and/or devices accessing the Site, Content, or Services; type of operating system you use, the browser you sue, and the domain name of your internet service provider (collectively "Traffic Data").
How Federal Uses Personal Information and Traffic Data
Generally, Federal will use your Personal Information to communicate with you and facilitate doing business with you. For example, Federal collects and processes Personal Information to:
Respond to inquiries;
Administer Content or Services;
Enable performance of Contract;
Meet requirements of various laws and regulations (e.g. DEA, import and export laws and regulations);
Alert you to new products, services, terms or content;
Send you emails or newsletters and/or provide you with personalized content in the newsletters; and
Enforce the Site’s Agreement.
We use Traffic Data to:
Monitor and analyze information regarding your browsing and viewing preferences;
Analyze our user’s demographics and interests;
Provide personalized content and advertising about the Site or Federal’s products and services;
Track and report website traffic;
Monitor performance of Site;
Diagnose potential problems with our server or applications; and
Improve the Site for you and other users.
How Federal Collects Information
Federal collects Personal Information where (i) you voluntarily provide the information; (ii) we generate or collect it automatically; or (iii) we receive it from third parties.
Federal collects Personal Information when you engage with a representative of the company (in any form, online or offline, including personal interaction, telephone, email or other), use the Site, register for access, or use the Services that may be offered on the Site including, but not limited to, "Sell to Us" forms, "Contact Us" forms and "Request Specific Equipment" forms.
You may also provide your Personal Information to one of Federal’s business partners who then provides that information to us as part of your request or inquiry. In such cases, your relationship with that business partner is governed by the terms and conditions of use and privacy policy on their site. Once you request or use any of Federal’s Site, Content or Services, your use and Personal Information are governed by Federal’s Agreement and this Privacy Policy.
Federal may request additional information from you depending on certain transactions, contractual or regulatory requirements. We will notify you of what information we need, and how it will be used.
Federal may also receive Traffic Data and non-personal information on our server logs from your browser as well as through other analysis of the Site including third-party service providers. We also may collect information using Cookies or similar technologies, or through third-parties using similar technologies. Some of this information is available to us when you click on any Site and is collected electronically via the web may automatically receive and record non-personal information on server logs from your browser as well as through other analysis of our Website. We also may collect information using "Cookies," web beacons or similar technologies, or through third parties using similar technologies. Please see "Do we use Cookies?" below for more information regarding Cookies.
How Federal May Share Your Information
Your Personal Information is generally kept confidential to Federal. Federal does not sell or release your Personal Information to any third party (except as set out in this Privacy Policy) without your consent, unless we are required to by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with an official investigation by a law enforcement organization.
Federal may provide Personal Information to vendors, service providers and partners as necessary and required in order to provide services to you or to complete contracts and transactions.
Federal may share your Personal Information internally within our group of Sites or business entities.
Federal may share your Personal Information in the case of a subpoena, court order, official request from a governmental agency or office, or as required by law or regulation, to report, investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, fraud or potential threats, or exercise legal rights or defend against claims, when Federal believes that doing so may protect your safety or the safety of us or others, or as otherwise permitted or required by law or regulation.
Federal may provide transaction-related information to government or private auditors to inspect or validate business practices, accounting records, or financial reports. Any release of information for such a purpose will be done under standard confidentiality restrictions.
Federal may share your Personal Information with external third-party service providers such as Oracle NetSuite, Microsoft, and Google whose services we may use from time to time to provide services to you and to assist us in carrying out our business activities. Additionally, Federal may share your information with third-party partners, subcontractors, or service providers with whom Federal will jointly provide or alternatively outsource the provision of the services requested by you. Federal will only share your information where it is lawful and required for the provision of services to you.
We may share anonymized traffic data: (i) to third parties to provide analytics for advertising purposes or to confirm or update information provided by you; (ii) to suppliers, vendors and others contracted by Federal to provide services to you, such as outsourcing one or more of the functions described in this Privacy Policy; or (iii) as otherwise authorized by you. We also use and share anonymized or aggregate information with third parties including advertisers, business partners, and/or third parties in order to analyze Site usage, perform services on our Sites, improve our services, improve user experience, carryout or complete transactions, or for similar purposes.
Place of Processing and Storage and Transfer of Personal Information
Your Personal Information shall generally be stored and processed in the United States of America. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we or our affiliates or approved partners have facilities or operations, including but not limited to the Canada, India, and The Netherlands. From time to time there may be transfers between members of our group of business entities into and/or out of the European Economic Area (EEA). For all cross-border transfers of personal information we ensure appropriate security measures and legal safeguards are in place.
Retention of Personal Information
Federal retains Personal Information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the information is collected according to this Privacy Policy. When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including (i) contractual obligations, (ii) legal obgliations under applicable law to retain data and information for a certain period of time, (iii) disputes or potential disputes, (iv) compliance for regulatory and auditing purposes, and (v) guidelines issued by relevant data protection regulations. Otherwise, we securely anonymize or erase your Personal Information once it is no longer required.
What are your rights?
Notice to California Residents
Under California Civil Code §§ 1798.80-1798.85 and California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575 – 22579, California residents are entitled to the following rights pertaining to protecting their personal information. Residents have the right to reasonable security of their Personal Information, and to destruction of any Personal Information that is no longer to be retained by the company via shredding, erasing or otherwise modifying the Personal Information in the records to make them indecipherable. Residents may expect that a business that discloses Personal Information about a California resident under a contract with a non-affiliated third party shall require by contract that the third party implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the Personal Information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. Residents have a right to timely notification by us if we learn of an unauthorized disclosure or acquisition of your Personal Information. Residents have the right to be informed of how they can inquire about our privacy practices or compliance with the above-referenced California laws. Residents have the right to be provided contact information for inquiring about the company’s privacy practices at every location in California where we do business, if any. Residents have a right to a response to any enquiry regarding our privacy practices or compliance with California law within 30 days of receipt of the enquiry by us. We may not request you waive any of your rights under the above-referenced California laws.
Notice to European Union Residents
Under EU Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and the Council; the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal information. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country of residence within the EU. You can exercise any of these rights by writing to us on the email address below in the contact us section above.
The right to be informed. You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why Federal provides you with the information in this Privacy Policy.
The right of access. You have the right to obtain access to your information (if Federal is processing it), and certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Policy). This is so you are aware and can check that Federal uses your information in accordance with data protection law. You can do this by writing us on the email address above.
The right to rectification. You are entitled to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You can request that Federal rectify any errors in your Personal Information that Federal holds by writing to the email address below.
The right to erasure. This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there is no compelling reason for Federal to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing. You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, Federal can still store your information, but may not use it further.
The right to data portability. You have rights to obtain and reuse your Personal Information for your own purposes across different services. This is not a general right however and there are exceptions.
The right to object to processing. You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct marketing (i.e. receiving Federal’s emails notifying you about other services or products we provide which we think may be of interest to you or being contacted with varying potential opportunities). You may change your preferences regarding email communications by contacting us.
The right to lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way Federal handles or processes your Personal Information with your national data protection regulator.
The right to withdraw consent. If you have given your consent to anything Federal does with your Personal Information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful). You can withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Information at any time.
We usually act on requests and provide information free of charge but may charge a reasonable fee to cover administrative costs of providing the information for baseless or excessive/repeated requests, or further copies of the same information. Alternatively, we may be entitled to refuse to act on the request.
Please consider your request responsibly before submitting it. Your request will be processed as soon as we have the ability to do so. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive the request but. You will be notified if the request will take longer than 30 days.
Our communications with you
Upon registration, our Site provides users the opportunity to elect to receive email communications. To opt-out of receiving marketing email communications from us please contact us at the details provided in the contact us section below or follow the opt-out/ unsubscribe instructions included in marketing emails. We may use third-party providers to assist us with the sending of marketing emails to you.
What steps do we take to secure your personal information?
Federal is committed to keeping your Personal Information safe and secure. Federal uses appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information.
Employees having access to Personal Information must undergo data privacy training and are monitored by management to ensure that adequate safeguards are used to protect the Private Information of our customers. Our Sites have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Our Websites use SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption for all sensitive data transmitted over the Internet. This includes customers adding data to the to a Site, and employees transmitting data off the Site. No information, including the passwords that would give access to sensitive information, ever flows over the Internet un-encrypted.
Do we return your personal information?
A user may request that Federal discontinues the use of that person’s Personal Information. If you would like to know what information we have collected, would like any information purged, or would like for us to discontinue using Personal Information, please use the contact information above to make such request. The return of certain Personal Information by us may prevent you from accessing all or certain portions of our Sites.
How can you protect your personal information?
Please note no transmission of data over the internet is completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of us to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. Any such transmission of your information is at your own risk. For any transmission of data over the internet we recommend improving data protection such as firewalls, antivirus software and similar technologies.
Never send credit card information via email. Do not release information about your account to anyone who is not authorized by you to transact business with us on your behalf. Do not tell your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password to verify your identity.
Do we use Cookies?
Cookies are small computer files that are transferred to your hard drive and contain information such as your username, user preferences, the web pages you’ve visited and the activities you’ve performed while using the Website.
Federal uses Cookies to customize your experience with the Site, Content and Services, to provide you with relevant information regarding Federal and the Services or Content, and to store your information for your convenience in using the Site, Content or Services. Federal uses cookies on its Sites to deliver content specific to your interests, customize your experience with the Website, to store your information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site, and for other purposes. Enable cookies to have the Site to function as effectively as possible and to provide you with the best user experience.
Some of our business partners also use cookies to provide us with anonymous, aggregate data and information regarding our users. We do not have access or control over these cookies, and our Website Privacy Policy does not cover the use of third-party cookies.
We will use two types of cookies:
Session cookies - these expire when you close your browser and leave your computer.
Persistent cookies - these are stored in the longer term on your computer. They are normally used to make sure the site remembers your preferences.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, preventing cookies is likely to impact the functionality or performance of our Sites. Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept cookies. You may block or delete Cookies from your device; however, by disabling, blocking or refusing Cookies you may not have access to all of the Services or Content. You can change the settings to block cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device. If you use different devices to view and access the Site (e.g. your computer, smartphone, tablet etc) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
Some of Federal’s business partners also use cookies to provide us with anonymous, aggregate data and information regarding our users. We do not have access or control over these Cookies and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of these Cookies including any Cookies or similar technologies that your employer, operating system, browser or any service provider may use.
Click here for more information on Cookies and how to manage them.
Do we use Web Beacons?
Federal or third-party analytics providers engaged by Federal may also use "web beacons" to collect information about your use of our Sites. Web beacons are tiny graphic image files embedded in a web page or email that provide a presence on the web page or email and send back to its home server information from the user’s browser. The information collected by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our Site and services and for what purposes.
Children
Federal’s Sites are not directed toward children under 16 years of age and we do not knowingly collect information from children under age 16 on the Sites or offline. If you are under 16, you are not permitted to register for emails or newsletters or to otherwise submit any personal information to us. If a child under the age of 16 submits personal information to the Sites, we delete the information as soon as we discover it was provided by a child under 16 years of age and do not use it for any purpose
How can you Contact us about your personal information?
If you believe that your Personal Information has been improperly released by us to a third party or if you have questions about how we collect, store, use, or destroy your Personal Information, or how to exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information you may contact us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address listed above. Please do not include your account password, credit card number, date of birth, driver license number, or social security number in any email to us.
If you experience difficulty in correcting Personal Information or have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact using the contact information first provided above.
If you wish to file a complaint about Federal’s collection, use, disclosure, or protection of your Personal Information or if you have specific questions about our policies or practices regarding collection, retention, use, or disclosure of Personal Information, please contact using the information first provided above.
You also have the right to complain to a data protection authority about the collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Revised November 19, 2019