http://www.bridgwater-electronics.co.uk/terms-conditions
Precision Electronic Systems
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
General
These terms and conditions will apply to all transactions placed online or by and/or with Bridgwater Electronics. Please read carefully before placing any order. All contracts shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England and Wales. Nothing in these terms and conditions will be deemed to affect your statutory rights.
By using this site you are agreeing to these terms and conditions.
Orders
We are pleased to accept orders by any of the following methods. Online transaction via secure server . All credit / debit card transactions are subject to validation checks and are authorised by the card issuer. We accept MasterCard, Visa and Maestro.  If the issuer of your card refuses to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay and / or non-delivery of your order. No orders will be accepted or processed without a valid card payment in the name of the registered cardholder.
The web price includes VAT at the current rate.
Delivery, Returns and exchanges
These Terms and Conditions can be viewed upon accessing the Delivery and Returns page.
Products, prices and content
Whilst every effort is made to ensure the pictures and colours depicted on the site match as closely as possible those of the actual product due to technical limitations, some colours may vary.
All prices are shown in pound sterling (£) and are inclusive of UK VAT  at the current rate unless clearly stated.
Prices, product descriptions and specifications are checked to the best of our ability, and whilst every effort has been made to make them accurate, no responsibility will be accepted for errors and omissions.
Any information displayed on our web site(s) or other printed matter by the company is not regarded to be authoritative or certified as the best practice and is only considered to be useful supplementary advice to other certified codes of practice. All information on our web site is updated regularly.
We reserve the right to alter our prices and specifications without notice.
Ownership of goods
All items supplied to the customer remain the property of Bridgwater Electronics until final payment of all sums owing in respect of those goods has been received in full by us.
Comments and complaints
If you wish to comment or complain about any aspect of your dealings with us please write to Bridgwater Electronics, Unit 9, Westmans Industrial Estate, Love Lane, Burnham-On-Sea, Somerset, TA8 1EY. Or Call/Email; +44 (0)1278 789552, sales@bridgwater-electronics.co.uk. We will reply within five working days of receipt.
Privacy policy
We will collect and store any personal data that you may volunteer whist using our services, e.g. placing an order or joining our e-mail newsletter.
The type of information that we will collect will include - Your title and name, known address, contact telephone numbers, e-mail address, order and payment details. Details may be forwarded securely to other parties in order to fulfil this order only. These will include delivery and payment partners.
We will collect and store information about you to allow us to firstly, process and fulfil any order requirements and secondly to provide you with information to keep you up to date on products, services or promotions we run from time to time. We may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes by email, phone or mail. You can opt out of this at any time, either by writing or emailing us.
Individuals registering their details or subscribing to the newsletter online may do so on the understanding that they are aware of the intended purpose for the collection of data. An opt-out option is available by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the newsletter we may send you.
In addition to the Information that you supply to us, information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files stored within your web browser from our website. Cookies do not collect personal information about you nor do they allow us to access your computer in any way. All information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
We use tracking cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and no personally identifiable information is stored.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. All web browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can modify your browser security settings to block Cookies although you should be warned that changing Cookie settings can adversely effect the performance of our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites or services. You should note that we are in no way responsible for the content or privacy policies these websites / services may have in place and advise that you use caution and refer to these websites own Privacy statements and terms.
Security
We would like you to be confident about ordering online, we use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your details are safe and information you provide is fully encrypted so that it cannot be read by third parties. Your browser will confirm that you are shopping in a secure environment by showing a locked padlock icon or an image of a key in the bar at the base of your screen.
Copyright ©
The contents of this site and other publications from Bridgwater Electronics are owned or licensed to Bridgwater Electronics or are used with permission by the owner. Reproduction strictly by permission only.
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
I have read & accept the Privacy Policy
Submit
© 2020 Bridgwater Electronics Limited Unit 9 Westmans Industrial Estate, Love Lane, Burnham On Sea, Somerset TA8 1EY
VAT Reg No. 736654901