http://www.genxnow.com/why-genx/privacy-policy
Give us a call 847-433-6314Have a question? Contact us!Pay your bill online
You are hereHome » Why GenX » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
This website, in and of itself, does not collect any information in any way, shape or form about you. Our website hosting company however does provide us with statistics as to the number of visitors, what browser was being used to view the page(s), what pages were visited, and how much time was spent on each web page.
When making an online payment for an invoice received by GenX™, our banking institution will collect only the information that you have provided.
What do we use your information for?
When you use the Contact Us link to send us an email, we will use your personal information in order to contact you.
When you use the Pay My Bill section, our banking institution forwards us a notice that the payment has been made by you, the amount that you paid, and what invoice you have requested that it be applied towards, so that the payment can be applied to your balance.
How do we protect your information?
Your credit card information is never sent to GenX™ when using the Pay My Bill section of the website. If you need to make another payment, you will need to re-enter all of your information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last updated on 08/15/2012
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at info@genxnow.com or by mail: GenX Generator, 3250 Skokie Valley Rd, Highland Park, IL 60035.
Home
Why GenXTestimonials
Photo Gallery
Privacy Policy
Products
Our ServicesHome Generators
Service & Maintenance
Remote Monitoring
Commercial
Terms and Conditions
FAQs
Tools & TipsHow Much Power Do I Need?
Natural Gas Meter Upgrade
Video Library
Contact Us
Testimonials
Photo Gallery
Privacy Policy
Website Designed by Chicago's ePageCity.com