http://www.rides.com/privacy/policy
Log in
Privacy Policy
Last modified: October 30, 2018
As a user of services offered by NameSilo, LLC. d/b/a “Namesilo” under license by Namesilo, LLC., or any of its subsidiaries or authorized affiliates (“We”, “Us”, “Our”) or a visitor to thenamesilo.comwebsite, you provide us with information about you and the way you use our website. As we use the term in this Privacy Policy, the information that we collect about you is called “Personal Data.”
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what Personal Data we collect so you can decide whether or how you will use our services or the tools you use to access our website. This Privacy Policy affects your rights in and to your Personal Data. It does not provide you with privacy in data which is falsified, stolen, or misappropriated from other persons. When you provide us with Personal Data, you warrant that it is accurate, reasonably current, or expressly authorized by any other party for whom you are acting as an expressly authorized agent.
This Privacy Policy explains: what Personal Data we collect and why that Personal Data is collected; how we use and/or retain the Personal Data we collect; and, how you may update, keep current, and limit the distribution of Personal Data in our possession. Our primary location is in the Cayman Islands, but we use servers and third-party services outside the Cayman Islands to store, serve and transfer information and manage our services, including services that rely on the use of your Personal Data. In providing services to you, your Personal Data necessarily crosses international boundaries.
We work hard to protect our systems and you from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Data we hold. Specifically, we encrypt many of our services to provide you secure access to our site and your information. We also offer you the ability to enable two-step verification for access to your account. We review our Personal Data collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. We restrict access to Personal Data to our employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
We intend to maintain our services in a manner that protects Personal Data from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete Personal Data from our services, we may retain your Personal Data for a period of time sufficient to investigate suspected incidents of unauthorized access to your account, malicious destruction of data, legal disputes or instances of abuse.
Information We Collect In Providing Our Services To You
We collect Personal Data we need in order to provide you the services you have purchased from us. Many of our services require you to sign up for an account using your real name and accurate contact information. When you sign up for an account, we will ask for personal information, including your name, postal mailing address, email address, and telephone number. To make purchases, we will ask you for your payment information, such as your credit card information required by payment processing services to transact your payments to us.
Within your account, we provide you with access to your Personal Data used to conduct transactions through the account. For the Personal Data we have for you, we provide tools for you to use to update your information quickly or to delete it from further use. When updating your Personal Data, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
General Web Access
We may collect Personal Data about our services that you use and how you use them. We automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This server log data may include: your Internet protocol (“IP”) address; details of how you used our service, such as your search queries; device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL; cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account; device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, and mobile network information including phone number);
We also use various technologies to collect and store Personal Data when you visit our web site or use our services, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your computer or device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or features that may appear on other sites.
Other Contact With Us and Abuse Procedures
When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. In the event your account has been subject to identity fraud or abuse, we will retain all such reports and account information necessary to investigate such circumstances.
We do not share Personal Data with companies, organizations and individuals outside of our organization unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With your consent: We will share Personal Data with companies, organizations or individuals outside of our company when we have your express consent to do so.
For external processing: We provide Personal Data to our partners and other trusted businesses, such as credit card processing companies, to process your Personal Data for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons: We will share Personal Data with other companies, organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We will retain all contact information and data associated with any threat of legal action against us, and we will use such information to initiate or defend against any legal action associated with such threats. Likewise, if you we cancel your services for violations of our Terms of Service or for any abusive or unlawful activity, we will retain such information as may be necessary to prevent or block your use of our services in the future.
Legitimate Access
We will comply with applicable law and domain dispute policies concerning the disclosure of your information to third parties who may request it for legitimate purposes.
If you are a third party requester of personal data of one of the users of our service, we cannot provide you with such data absent lawful process for access to that data. The Cayman Islands is a signatory to several relevant multi-lateral and bi-lateral international agreements concerning the service of legal process in civil disputes (such as the Hague Service Convention), and the service of warrants and investigative requests in criminal matters. If you are unfamiliar with the procedure for obtaining legal assistance in civil or criminal matters, you may consult such Cayman Islands Government publications as the Cayman Director of Public Prosecutions guide, "Seeking Assistance In Criminal And Civil Matters From The Cayman Islands" here or the Cayman Islands' Handbook on International Cooperation & Information Exchange here. We will comply with any duly-served document under the relevant civil or criminal procedure established in the Cayman Islands for such purposes.
The provisions of this section on Legitimate Access shall not prevent us from our own investigation and/or reporting of violations of our terms of service, abuse of our services, attacks on our systems, identify fraud, theft of services, or other unlawful or abusive activity, whether we become aware of such circumstances on our own, or whether it is reported to us by a third party. We will forward third party abuse reports to you to address claims of unlawful or abusive activity associated with your account except in circumstances where it is clear to us that doing so would further advance or promote such activity.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. In order to do so, we must necessarily retain sufficient information concerning the complaint in order to address and resolve the complaint.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes).
Contact for more information
To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please use the tools provided in your account, or contact us atprivacy@namelot.com.