http://www.bluesteps.com/information/privacy.aspx
Skip to main content
Member Benefits Career Insider Success Stories Become a Member Login
BlueSteps Terms & Conditions
BlueSteps Terms and Conditions and Refund PolicyLast updated: October 23rd, 2019 1. Overview These Terms and Conditions apply to the website available at www.bluesteps.com(the “Website”), operated by the Association of Executive Search and Leadership Consultants (together, the “AESC”, “we”, “us” and “our”), and related websites and services operated by BlueSteps. Certain provisions of these Terms and Conditions only apply to you if you register as a member of BlueSteps (“Member”). BlueSteps is a service provided to Members (“BlueSteps”) that is managed by the AESC, with its registered office at 425 Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor, New York NY 10016. It is a career management tool offered to senior executives, which makes their information accessible to AESC member executive search and leadership consulting firms, and provides other executive-level career management tools. These Terms and Conditions refer to the following terms, which also apply to Members and/or your use of our Websites or other services, as applicable. (a) Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process personal data. By using this Website and/or by registering as a Member, you warrant that all personal data provided by you to us is accurate. (b) Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on this Site.By using the Website, you agree to the terms of use described in this statement. 2. Personal Information  BlueSteps stores up to three separate elements of personal information for all Executive Registrants, which are: (1) Personal Details; (2) Short Profile; and (3) Resume/CV. As a core benefit of BlueSteps, this information is made accessible to AESC member executive search and leadership consulting professionals. Details about the personal information that we collect from and about you when you use this Website and/or register as a Member, including how such information is processed, are set out in our Privacy Policy. 3. Data Retention Always subject to applicable law and in compliance with our Privacy Policy, if you are a Member and log in to your BlueSteps account on at least a yearly basis, your details will remain available on the BlueSteps system to be accessed by AESC member executive search and leadership consulting professionals. If you do not log in and review your information on at least a yearly basis, you may be notified by email that your information is subject to removal from the system within one month of the date of the email. If you receive such notice, removal can be avoided by logging in to your account at any point during that one-month period. 4. Removing Your Personal Data  As a Member, you can remove your Career Profile and resume/CV and terminate your membership at any time, via the “My Account” interface when logged into BlueSteps. Since your BlueSteps membership is valid throughout your entire career, we recommend you keep your account even if you are not actively using it right now. By keeping your account open, you will remain in our database, accessible to AESC member executive search and leadership consulting professionals (always subject to applicable law and in compliance with our Privacy Policy. Please note that once your account is deleted, reopening the account will require repaying the career-long membership fee. You will also need to fill in your information again as it will have been removed from our database in accordance with our Privacy Policy. 5. Information and Data from AESC Member Firms Published in the Executive Search Firm Directory (Online Directory of AESC members) and Information provided by other Third Parties and Published on BlueSteps.com We make every effort to ensure that the information available on the Website is current and accurate. We are not, however, responsible for the accuracy and integrity of data entered by, or referring to, third parties. This includes, but is not limited to, the Executive Search Firm Directory (Online AESC Directory), job opportunity postings, external weblinks, resources, articles or secondary information. 6. Changes in Terms and Conditions We reserve the right to modify or amend the Terms and Conditions at any time or for any reason. If these Terms and Conditions are amended for any reason, we will post the changes clearly on the Website. If you have any queries about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at aesc@aesc.org. 7. Technical Safeguards 7.1 How Your Personal Details Are Safeguarded Information about how we keep your personal details secure is provided in our Privacy Policy. 7.2 Uploading/Downloading files from BlueSteps.com We do not accept responsibility for any damage incurred as a result of a registered user’s decision to upload or download an attached document from the BlueSteps service. Documents include, but are not limited to, job descriptions and articles. In the event that you upload any content to this Website (such as your CV or résumé) you: (a) warrant that you have all necessary rights, permissions and authorisations to disclose that content to the AESC in the context of the Website; and (b) grant the AESC a worldwide, royalty-free, sub-licensable, perpetual, irrevocable licence to use, re-use, copy, reproduce, revise, publish, disclose, transmit and transfer all, or any portion, of such content. 8. Refund Policy 8.1 Career Profile Refund Policy If you register as a Member, you may request a refund during the first 10 days following your registration and payment. Following the initial 10 day period, no refunds will be provided. Career Profile is exclusively for senior level executives (currently defined by BlueSteps as individuals earning in excess of US$100,000 or regional equivalent). If your profile is rejected by the AESC because you are not eligible for the service, you will be notified and provided a refund. Falsification of any aspect of your profile may serve as a basis for us to terminate your BlueSteps membership WITHOUT refund. 8.2 Auto Renewal Refund Policy Always subject to applicable law and in compliance with the our Privacy Policy, a Member’s resume/CV and career profile will continue to remain available within the BlueSteps.com database as further set out in clause 3 (Data Retention), and can be accessed by AESC member executive search and leadership consulting professionals. After the first six months of access to BlueSteps Premium Services, membership will automatically renew annually at the rate of $89 (or regional equivalent) to preserve continuity and access to these Premium Services. We reserve the right to modify pricing at any time upon advance notice. A Member can shut off auto-renewal of Premium Services at any time by contacting BlueSteps Customer Support at info@BlueSteps.comor via the “My Account” interface when logged into BlueSteps. This will cancel the next and future scheduled renewals of Premium Services. To cancel a subscription to BlueSteps Premium Services and avoid renewal charges for the next renewal period, a Member must cancel before the renewal date, or the subscription will be renewed. Upon receipt of a written request to BlueSteps Customer Support at info@BlueSteps.com, we will provide a full refund of the renewal fee within 60 days of the auto-renewal transaction. No refunds for Premium Services are offered past the first 10 days of Re-subscribing to Premium Services. No refunds are provided for the Career-long Premium Services package after the first 10 days of purchase. 8.3 Storing Credit Card Information For information about how your credit card information provided to us will be processed, please read our Privacy Policy. 8.4 Promotional Activities Promotional offers cannot be combined with existing partner codes. In cases where a user has a partner code, and we are running a membership promotion, the greater discount may be taken. 9. BlueSteps Executive Career Services BlueSteps offers incremental executive career services to members via a third-party network of professionals. 9.1 Satisfaction If you are Member and purchase these incremental services a career consultant will work with you to deliver the service that you purchased. You will have the opportunity to review a proof of each document and/or your coaching schedule in order to discuss any changes or comments to facilitate your complete satisfaction. We make no guarantees that any service will deliver specific career-related results. 9.2 Accuracy and Timeliness As a Member, you agree to review all engagement schedules, drafts, and final documents within the deadlines set by your advisor. Carefully proofread all content, as you understand that ultimately the accuracy of your career materials is your responsibility. You agree that any inaccurate, incorrect, or misleading information in the final resume or other materials provided to BlueSteps or any agent of BlueSteps is not the responsibility of BlueSteps or our services or agents/advisors. Any pre-purchased services, such as bundled services, coaching time, etc. must be used and expire within two (2) months after purchase, unless clearly agreed otherwise in writing with your advisor. All written services (resumes/CVs, Bios, LinkedIn profiles, etc.) are considered finalized after two (2) months unless otherwise agreed upon in writing with your advisor. 9.3 Communication Our advisors use ecareerservices.com email accounts. As a Member, please ensure that the ecareerservices domain is added to your contacts to avoid communication disruptions. 9.4 Cancellations/Refunds All sales are final 24 hours after purchase. If you have any concerns regarding quality of service, please contact BlueSteps Customer Service immediately at: info@BlueSteps.comUnited States: 1 (800) 363-1207International: + (1) 212 398-2159 9.5 Confidentiality We will keep your information confidential. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy. 10. Acceptable Use Policy Information accessed via the Executive Search Firm Directory service is for personal use only. Information in the Executive Search Firm Directory is not to be used for any commercial purposes, including, but not limited to corporate mass marketing/solicitation. 11. Modifications, Interruption or Termination of Service We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Website with or without notice to you. We shall not be liable to you or any third party should we exercise our right to modify or discontinue the Website. In entering into these Terms and Conditions, you acknowledge that we do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the operation of the Website. There are numerous circumstances outside of our control that may adversely affect BlueSteps.com. 12. Your Account and Password If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, password or any other information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any username or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if we, in our sole discretion, determine or believe that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your username or password, you must promptly notify us at info@BlueSteps.com. 13. Intellectual Property Rights We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in this Website and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from this Website for your personal use. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed or downloaded in any way, and you may not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text without our prior written consent. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on this Website must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on this Website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print, copy or download any part of this Website in breach of these Terms and Conditions, your right to use this Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies you have made of the materials. 14. Linking to this Website You may link to the home page of the Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take unfair advantage of the Website. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists without our prior consent. You must not establish a link to this Website in any website that is not owned by you. This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. If you wish to make any use of content on the Website other than that set out above, please contact us at info@BlueSteps.com. 15. Disclaimer and Liability Limitations The materials and information contained in this Website are provided “as is” without any warranty, representation, or undertaking of any kind. We make no representations or warranties regarding the use or the results obtained through use of the Website in terms of its accuracy, completeness, reliability or otherwise, of any materials, resumes or other information posted by users. We shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the Website or the information it contains. As a Member, you agree that any inaccurate, incorrect, or misleading information in the final resume, profile or other materials provided to us or any of our agents is not our responsibility. In any event, the maximum liability arising out of the Website and any information or services provided therein, will not exceed the total amount the user has paid us in the twelve month period preceding the date the claim first arose. 16. Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, our officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees and costs arising or resulting from your use of the Website, from the content of any document posted by you, or from your breach of these Terms and Conditions, or infringement by you, or other users of the Website using your account of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity. We shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall reasonably assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding. 17. Governing Law The Terms, their subject matter and their formation are governed by United States law and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States of America.