https://www.keppiedesign.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Commitment to You.
We, Keppie Design Limited, are committed to safeguarding your privacy and ensuring that you continue to trust us with your personal information (“personal data”).
This privacy policy applies to personal data that we collect about you for the purposes of providing you with details of our products and services.
By using our website or providing us with your personal data, you agree to accept our practices performed in accordance with this privacy policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use our website or provide us with any personal data.
What this Privacy Policy will tell you:-
The information we collect;
How we will use it;
Where we collect it from;
How long we retain it;
Our legal basis for processing your personal data;
Your rights and how you can see, update or delete your personal data; and
How we will secure your data.
What information do we collect?
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify you. For example, it can include information such as your name, date of birth, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number.
How will we use your information?
We may use any personal data we receive from you:-
to provide you with the services, products or information you have asked for;
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you;
[to provide you with marketing communications;]
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; and
to keep a record of your relationship with us
Where do we collect your information from?
We collect personal data from a variety of sources, including the following ways:-
Enquires made through our website, via e-mail communication, telephone contact or postal communication; and
When you give the information to us directly i.e. you may give us your information in order to communicate with us via the contact web form or e-mail, telephone and postal communication.
Retention of Information
Your personal data is stored with us only and will not be shared with any third parties unless such is required to fulfil our contract terms with you.  We will ensure any such third parties are likewise compliant with prevailing Data Protection legislation.
We will never share or sell your personal data with any third party that intends to use the same for direct marketing purposes.
We will never transfer or store any of your personal data outside of the European Economic Area.
Taking into account our need to answer queries or resolve issues, to provide improved and new products and services and to comply with legal requirements under relevant laws, we will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve these purposes.  This means that we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period after your last interaction with us on the basis that we have a legitimate business reason for retaining it.
When the personal data that we have collected is no longer required in this way, we will destroy or delete it in a secure manner.
Right of Access
Under the prevailing Data Protection legislation (including the General Data Protection Regulation), you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the personal data we hold about you.
Individuals can find out if we hold any personal data by making a ‘right of access’ request.  More information on this area can be found at https://ico.org.uk.
If we do hold personal data about you, on your request we will:-
Give you a description of it;
Tell you why we are holding it;
Tell how long we keep in for and the lawful basis for doing so;
Tell you who it could be disclosed to; and
Let you have a copy of the information we hold in an a commonly used electronic format, unless you request otherwise.
Cookies
When delivering services over the internet, it is common practice to store small amounts of information on your computer or phone.  This information is stored by your web browser in small files called cookies. Cookies serve a number of possible purposes:-
to speed up websites by avoiding sending the same information every time;
to measure general usage of the website to help us improve; and
to recognise returning visitors so we can highlight new/changed information since your last visit.
You can block/remove cookies using your browser.
There are two main types of cookies, first party and third party.
First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled directly by us and used to provide information about general usage of our website.
Third party cookies: these are cookies used by other companies’ tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Google Analytics and Facebook Like buttons have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
Data Security
We act as “data controller” for the personal data we hold in terms of this privacy notice.  We take the security of your personal data very seriously and have internal controls in place to try and ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed and is not accessed except by our employees and third-party providers in the legitimate performance of their duties.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.  In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.  They will only process your personal data on our instructions and where they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on our website.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you at glasgow@keppiedesign.co.uk or contact us on 0141 204 0066 or write to us at:
Keppie Design Limited
160 West Regent Street
Glasgow
G2 4RL
This site uses cookies Find out moreOkay, thank you