https://www.poland.co.uk/privacy.html
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Poland
Peter Poland Design Ltd is a company which specialises in the development of database software and is registered in England and Wales with number 4502568.
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website or use our services.
What information is collected?
We collect information about you when you place an order for our products or services. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete contact forms via this website. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
How do we use your information?
We collect information about you to provide you with the services you use and to manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you.
We use your information collected from the website to improve the website for you and other visitors.
Your information is never shared with anyone for any purpose except if required to do so by law enforcement authorities.
Marketing
We may occasionally send you information about products and services of ours which we think may be of interest to you, if you have consented to receive marketing - you may opt out at any point.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact us.
Access to your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the address at the bottom of this notice. We may make a small charge for this service.
Accuracy of information
We strive to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit:www.allaboutcookies.org.uk
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above website explains how to remove cookies from your browser. However you may find that some of our website features may change behaviour or not function as a result.
External websites
We sometimes link to external websites. We cannot be responsible for the content of any external site. Our privacy policy only applies to our website and you should read their own privacy policies.
Updates to the privacy policy
The privacy policy is regularly reviewed and updates will appear on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated on 19th of June 2018.
Contacting us
If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy policy or the data we hold about you, we can be contacted via email or you can write to us at our address (see the Contact Us page) or phone us on the telephone number shown in the website header.