https://www.thebarbourgroup.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Practices
To provide valuable products and services that respond to your insurance needs, The Barbour Group, LLC (BG) collects certain personal information about you, which is described below in The Personal Information We Collect.  At BG, we respect the privacy of our customers.  BG’s personal information handling practices are regulated by law, and this Privacy Policy describes those practices.
BG’s Privacy Policy
The Personal Information We Collect.  BG collects personal information about you and the members of your household to conduct business operations, provide customer service, offer new products, and satisfy legal and regulatory requirements.  We may collect the following categories of information about you from these sources:
Information from you directly including information from applications, worksheets, questionnaires, claim forms or other documents (such as name, address and Social Security number).
Information about your transactions with us or others (such as products or services purchased, claims made, account balances and payment history).
Information from a consumer reporting agency (such as credit reports).
Information from other non-BG sources (such as prior loss information).
The Personal Information We Share.  BG may disclose the personal information we collect to service, process or administer your business, and for other purposes such as the marketing of products or services, regulatory compliance, the detection or prevention of fraud, or as otherwise required or allowed by law.  These disclosures may be made without prior authorization from you, as permitted by law.
BG may disclose the personal information we collect to nonaffiliated parties in order to serve your bonding and insurance needs.  For example, as an independent agent representing many surety and insurance companies (markets), BG may disclose personal information to a market other than your present market in order to compare the benefits for you.  If you do not want us to disclose your personal information to nonaffiliated parties you can tell BG not to make these disclosures (“opt-out”), other than those disclosures permitted by law.  To opt-out of disclosures you may:
Call us at 410-876-9610 | E-mail us at info@thebarbourgroup.com
Your Right to Access Your Personal Information.  You have the right to request access to the personal information that we record about you.  Your right includes the right to know the source of the information and the identity of the persons, institutions or types of institutions to whom we have disclosed such information within 2 years prior to your request.  Your right includes the right to view such information and copy it in person, or request that a copy of it be sent to you by mail (for which we may charge you a reasonable fee to cover our costs). Your right also includes the right to request corrections, amendments or deletions of any information in our possession.  The procedures that you must follow to request access to or an amendment of your information are as follows:
To obtain access to your information:  You should submit a request in writing to:
Privacy Policy Officer
The Barbour Group, LLC
909 Baltimore Boulevard
Westminster, MD 21157
The request should include your name, address, social security number, telephone number, and the recorded information to which you would like access.  The request should state whether you would like access in person or a copy of the information sent to you by mail.  Upon receipt of your request, we will contact you within 30 business days to arrange providing you with access in person or the copies that you have requested.
To correct, amend, or delete any of your information:  You should submit a request in writing to:
Privacy Policy Officer
The Barbour Group, LLC
909 Baltimore Boulevard
Westminster, MD 21157
The request should include your name, address, social security number, telephone number, the specific information in dispute, and the identity of the document or record that contains the disputed information.  Upon receipt of your request, we will contact you within 30 business days to notify you either that we have made the correction, amendment or deletion, or that we refuse to do so and the reasons for the refusal, which you will have an opportunity to challenge.
Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information.  Access to personal information by BG employees is allowed for business purposes only.  The people who may have access to personal information are under obligations to safeguard such information.  BG maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.
Personal Information of Former Customers.  BG’s personal information privacy policy also applies to former customers.
Changes in Privacy Policy.  BG may choose to modify this policy at any time.  At least annually we will notify customers of any modifications.
909 Baltimore Blvd, Suite 144Westminster MD 21157
E-mail: info@thebarbourgroup.com
Telephone: (410) 876-9610
Toll Free: (866) 876-9610
FAX: (410) 876-9954
Customer Payment Portal
© 2016 The Barbour Group, LLCWEB SUPPORT: Bigdad Evolution
Home
Contacts
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Fast Track Bond