http://www.cafespice.com/pages/privacy
Cafe Spice
Find in Stores
Story
Mission
Products
Explore Meals
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Cafe Spice will only use the information you share with us to address your communication, question and/or request. We do not rent, trade, or sell your personal information to others.
When we ask for your e-mail address it is to forward any information you request to your e-mail account. When you post a customer comment on social media, we ask for your name and email address so we can respond. When you enter one of our contests or promotions, we may ask for your name, phone number, e-mail and mailing addresses. We use this information to administer the contest and notify you if you win. If you have provided us with an e-mail address, we may use it occasionally to notify you about important changes to our web sites, new services, or special offers. If you prefer not to receive these updates, we respect your wishes. Simply contact us with your request. Make sure to let us know if you have given us more than one e-mail account. We may make use of “cookies” (a small piece of information your browser stores on our behalf) to remember your registration information when you return to our site and keep track of your shopping cart. Additionally we may, on occasion, use these cookies to deliver content and services specific to your interests via third-party advertising companies. These third-parties are prohibited from sharing that information with anyone other than us.
All customer information within our systems is protected against unauthorized access. We do not sell or trade your personal information to advertisers, marketers, or anyone else without your consent. We will not release any information on you to anyone without your consent, [except as necessary to comply with court orders or other authorities]. We provide a high level of security for our computer systems, databases, and networks to protect all customer information in our systems. To provide you with improved services, we may use aggregated pools of data (without personal identifiers) for research and commercial purposes. We may also provide aggregate statistics about our sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics do not include any personally identifiable information.
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Cafe Spice. We are committed to keeping you informed and updated on our privacy policy. Any changes to our policy will be posted on this page, so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and how we protect it.
Any concerns you have are important to us. If you have further questions about your privacy, please contact us at info@cafespice.com.