http://www.midstaterv.com/read-our-privacy-statement--xprivacy
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV. Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV promote the use of fair information practices.
Because Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV are committed to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE:Dealer Spike, LLC is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV will not sell, share, or rent this information
to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV collect information from our users at several different points on the web site. VEHICLE QUOTE REQUESTS: In order to obtain a vehicle price quote, a user must first complete a Quote Request Form.
A user is required to give their contact information (such as name, address, telephone number and e-mail address).
This information is used to contact the user and provide the quote or other information that they have requested.
It is optional for the user to provide financial information, but can be done so that Mid-State RV
can review and pre-qualify the user for financing if they are interested. All customer information
obtained via the quote request form is encrypted for security purposes and stored on a secured server. ORDERS: Information is requested from the user on the e-Catalog order form.
Here a user must provide contact
information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number,
expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders.
If Mid-State RV has trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in
touch with the user. All customer information obtained via the order form is encrypted for security
purposes and stored on a secured server. COOKIES: A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
For example, a cookie is used
to store items during e-Catalog shopping so that a list of what you are ordering is maintained.
If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use the site.
The only drawback to this is that the
user will be limited in some areas of our site.
For example, the user, may not be able to use the
e-Catalog shopping basket function on the site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the
interests of our users to enhance the experience on the site. LOG FILES: We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad
demographic and geographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally
identifiable information. SHARING: We may share demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is generally not linked
to any personal information that can identify any individual person. However, Dealer Spike, LLC and/or Mid-State RV may send E-mails or mail about special offers at the Dealership or other offers
or information that may be of interest to the user based on the information we collect.
Mid-State RV uses an outside company (such as UPS, USPS, Fed Ex. etc.) to ship orders, and a credit card processing
company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not to our knowledge, retain, share,
store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services,
we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these
services. LINKS: This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV
are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to read the
privacy statements of every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. SURVEY AND CONTESTS: From time to time, our site requests information from users via surveys or may offer contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice
whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information
(such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code and age level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used
for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES: If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here so our
users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances,
if any, we disclose it. SECURITY: This web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive
information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our quote request or order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card
number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best
encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock
icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes
locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just "surfing".
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power
to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information
mentioned above, has restricted access at Dealer Spike, LLC and at the dealership.
Only employees
who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, order clerk, sales representative, or
a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Access to
the information is made via a password-protected site.
Each time an employee needs to access information,
they must enter their password to gain access to the information.
Furthermore, employees are kept
up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Employees are periodically notified and/or reminded
about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information
is protected. SUPPLEMENTATION OF INFORMATION: In order for this web site to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers,
it may be necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information
from third party sources.For example, to determine if customers qualify for financing, the dealership may use their
name and social security number to request a credit report or approval from a lending institution. SITE AND SERVICE UPDATES: Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV may send the user site and service announcement
updates which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user
to provide requested services and in regard to issues relating to their account via
e-mail or phone. CORRECTING / UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION: If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as address or E-mail), or if a user
no longer desires to receive information from Dealer Spike, LLC and Mid-State RV, we will
endeavor to correct, update or remove that user's personal data from our database.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 1st, 2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements and is expressly made part of the information contained in the Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and
others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
Our Websites collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information"). In particular, our Websites have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Collected
A. Identifiers
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
No
D. Commercial information.
Yes
E. Biometric information.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Yes
H. Sensory data.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Yes
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20
U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Yes
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Yes
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical
trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit
Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information
Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Dealer Spike, LLC obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories
of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Websites.
From third-party business partners such as social media sites, ad networks, and analytics providers.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and
contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will
use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to
purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate
delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Websites, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your
concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant
to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Websites, third-party sites, and via
email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Websites, products and services, databases
and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Websites,
products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental
regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale
or transfer of some or all of Dealer Spike, LLC, assets, whether as a going concern or as part of
bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Dealer Spike, LLC,
about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
Dealer Spike, LLC, will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Dealer Spike, LLC, may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we
disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and
requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose
except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Data aggregators.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Dealer Spike, LLC, has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Dealer Spike, LLC, has not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information.
This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Dealer Spike, LLC, disclose certain information to you about our
collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your
verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose
to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability
request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient
purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each
category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Dealer Spike, LLC, delete any of your personal information that we
collected from you within the last 12 months and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive
and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights),
we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records,
unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s)
to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that
you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business
relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or
prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or
exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest
that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely
render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed
consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your
relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which
you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable
consumer request to us by filling out the Consumer Privacy form.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your
behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a
verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month
period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we
collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity
or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s
identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we
require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an
account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s
receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if
applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that
is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity
without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive,
repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why
we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Websites that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to support@dealerspike.com
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Dealer Spike, LLC, reserves the right to amend this privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy Notice, we will post the updated Notice on the Websites and update the Notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Websites following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, the ways in which Dealer Spike, LLC, collects and
uses your information described above, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your
rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: +1 800.288.5917
Email: support@dealerspike.com
×
×
×
×