http://www.nationwideboiler.com/privacy-policy.html
Nationwide Boiler Inc.
As an Essential Supplier, Nationwide Boiler is operating and available 24/7 to support your process.
Contact us today.
Home
Rentals
Trailer-Mounted Boilers
Mobile Steam Plants
Skid-Mounted Boilers
Auxiliary Equipment
SCAQMD Pre-Permitted Boilers
Rental Boiler Air Permit Assistance
Worldwide Delivery
Why Rent an Industrial Boiler
Fuel Conversion Projects
Boiler MACT Compliance
Sales
Stock Inventory List
Package Watertube Boilers
Package Firetube Boilers
New and Retrofit Burners
New and Replacement Economizers
Parts for Boiler Room Equipment
What Boiler Is Best For You
Emissions Control
CataStak SCR 101
CataStak SCR for Boilers
CataStak SCR for Fired Heaters
CataStak SCR for Gas Turbines
Ammonia-Free CataStak SCR
E2Stak Emissions / Efficiency Upgrades
Best Performance Standards Boilers
Controls Integration
Pacific Combustion Engineering / PBC
System Design and Integration
UL508 Certified Panel Fabrication Facility
System Design Standards
Service Capabilities
Parts Sales
Our Manufacturer's
Contact Us
Industries
Company
Library - Press - Media
Leadership Team
24 hour Field Service And Support
Shop Capabilities
Engineering Capabilities
Storage and Maintenance Facilities
Certifications
Our Manufacturers
Our Representatives
Career Opportunities
Customer Reviews
Our Commitment to Safety
Boiler Blog
Contact
Quick Quote - Boilers
Quick Quote - SCR
Quick Quote - Controls
How did we do?
Sell Your Boiler
Privacy Policy for Nationwide Boiler
At Nationwide Boiler, accessible from www.nationwideboiler.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Nationwide Boiler and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at info@nationwideboiler.com.
lOG FILES
Nationwide Boiler follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies AND WEB BEACONS
Like any other website, Nationwide Boiler uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read the "What Are Cookies" article.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.nationwideboiler.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policies
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Nationwide Boiler, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Nationwide Boiler has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Nationwide Boiler's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Nationwide Boiler does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Nationwide Boiler. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Headquarters 42400 Christy Street, Fremont, CA 94538
Phone: 1-800-227-1966 | 1-510-490-7100
Fax: 1-510-490-0571
Email: info@nationwideboiler.com
Central Valley Sales  Office 7211 W Pershing Avenue, Visalia, CA 93291
Phone: 1-559-623-9318
Fax: 1-559-802-3929
Controls Division / Pacific Combustion Engineering
3720 South Truman Street, Washougal, WA 98671 Phone: 360-335-1443
Fax: 360-335-1663
Email: info@pce-pbc.com
Storage & Maintenance Facilities Throughout North AmericaSales Representatives Across the Globe
Decarbonization: What Does it Mean for the Rental Boiler Industry?
Decarbonization relates to the reduction or ultimately the extinction of greenhouse gas emissions re...
NBI Annual Holiday Food Drives
It’s that time of the year again! Nationwide Boiler’s Annual Holiday Food Drives have officially beg...
Innovative Leaders: Virtual FAT Testing
Nationwide Boiler is known as being an innovative leader in the rental boiler industry. Over fifty y...
Advantages of Renting a Mobile Boiler Room
Temporary steam will be necessary at some point in the lifetime of a boiler, so boiler owners should...
QUICK LINKS
Emergency Boiler Rentals
New and Reconditioned Boiler Sales
Ultra Low NOx Solutions
Combustion Control Systems
Industries Served
California Customers
Pacific Northwest Customers
About Us
© 2020 Nationwide Boiler Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Quick Quote
CALIFORNIA USERS