http://www.abaxis.com/page/abaxis-inc-privacy-policy-statement
Skip to main content
About Abaxis
Our MissionOur HistoryContact UsPatents
Sidebar Navigation
Our Mission
Our History
Contact Us
Patents
Abaxis Inc. Privacy Policy Statement
Abaxis and its subsidiaries do not provide e-mail addresses or other personal information to any third parties. Information collected on this Web site is used by Abaxis solely for internal purposes, as more fully described in the full text of the Abaxis Privacy Policy below.
Your privacy, and the privacy of all users of Abaxis.com, is important to us. Accordingly, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to information derived from your use of this site. This site is administered and maintained by Abaxis, Inc. of Union City, CA U.S.A.
Our policy is based on the principles of notice, choice, access and security in the collection and use of all information regarding our users and their activities at our site.
1. Notice
This policy tells you, among other things, what information we gather from you and how we may use or disclose that information, and describes our efforts to protect it. Please read this policy carefully, and feel free to contact us at the following addresses or numbers if you have any questions regarding its contents or concerns about our use of your information. abaxis@abaxis.com
www.abaxis.com
3240 Whipple Road
Union City, CA 94587
(800) 822-2947
Types of Information Collected
You may browse the abaxis.com site without providing any personally-identifiable information. In connection with your use of this site, we ask for and may collect a variety of information from and about you. This site recognizes the machine name that has been assigned by your Internet service provider, but this machine name does not provide us with any personally identifiable information (information that is associated with your name or identity), nor does this site recognize your individually identifiable e-mail address. Therefore, your individually identifiable e-mail address or other personally identifiable information will not be captured or stored for future use, unless you submit such information to Abaxis by voluntarily completing a registration form or posting a message to Abaxis. This registration information may include your name, address, telephone number, facsimile number, e-mail address, information about your company or organization, and other information needed for a particular Abaxis program, promotion, or service. To help Abaxis improve the experience of using this site, Abaxis may, through the use of "cookies" or other available technology, use a non-individually identifiable machine name to track how users navigate through the site. Cookies are small files that are stored on a user's computer. These files are used to measure which pages are viewed, time spent on certain pages, and determining whether a browser has visited the site before. To make our site more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your operating system.  We may also collect non-personal information [from your mobile device if you downloaded our mobile applications], including your geographic location, your mobile device model [software version and device carrier], your session duration, and the launch of the application. Information may be collected and maintained directly by Abaxis, or by a service contractor operating under our instructions and subject to this privacy policy.
In addition to the tracking technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit our site.  This includes third party analytics services, including but not limited to Google Analytics (“Analytics Services”), that we engage to help analyze how users use the site, as well as third parties that deliver content or offers.  We may receive reports based on these parties’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis.  We use the information we get from Analytics Services only to improve our site.  The information generated by the cookies or other technologies about your use of our site (the “Analytics Information”) is transmitted to the Analytics Services.  The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity.  The Analytics Services may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf. Each Analytics Services’ ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics Services’ Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  By using our site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Use of Information
Information collected by Abaxis or submitted upon registration or during your use of this site is used solely for responding to your request for products, services, or information, or for internal purposes including, without limitation, marketing, promotional, customer support, web site administration, and feedback purposes. If you supply a mailing address or telephone or facsimile number during your use of the site, you may receive periodic mailings, telephone calls or facsimiles, whichever the case may be, with information on new Abaxis products and services or upcoming events. We may also aggregate statistics that we gather about customers, sales or web site traffic and provide this information to third parties on a non-personally identifiable (aggregated) basis. All information pertaining to web site users may be processed in countries other than your country of residence, and all information may be transferred to, processed in, or redisclosed within the United States or other countries that may not meet some countries' legal standards for data protection.
Disclosure of Information
Information may be exchanged among Abaxis, and service providers as needed to fulfill users' requests. Abaxis does not sell e-mail addresses, telephone or facsimile numbers, or other personally identifiable information to other companies. We may disclose information to fulfill certain legal and regulatory requirements if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is legally required or necessary to protect others' rights or to prevent harm, or in accordance with your instructions.
2. Choice
If you object to the use by Abaxis, its subsidiaries, or service providers of information collected or submitted during your use of this site for the purposes described above, or if you do not wish to receive mail, e-mail, telephone calls, or faxes about Abaxis products or services, you may request Abaxis to stop such use, mailings or telephone calls by notifying the Webmaster at abaxis@abaxis.com or at an address or telephone or facsimile number specified above. E-mail sent on our behalf is distributed only to persons with an established business relationship with us and all such messages include instructions for unsubscribing from our e-mail distribution lists.
3. Access and Update
At any time after you have registered on this site or otherwise submitted personally identifiable information to this site, you may contact us at abaxis@abaxis.com or at an address or telephone or facsimile number specified above to request access to information we have collected regarding you or your business or to notify us of changes to such information. If you request any such changes, we will contact you by e-mail or facsimile to confirm those changes. Once confirmed, any new item or information will replace the corresponding information previously provided.
4. Security
If you provide any information to parties who operate Web sites that are linked to or from our site, different rules may apply to their collection, use or disclosure of your personal information. We encourage you to review these sites' policies before revealing any sensitive or personal information.
We use physical, procedural, and technical safeguards to prevent unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure of individually-identifiable information. We instruct our employees that information must be handled in accordance with this privacy policy, and any misuse by employees is subject to disciplinary action.
Regardless of the precautions taken by you or us, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you transmit sensitive information at your own risk.
Changes to Privacy Policy
It may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this policy to reflect changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without notice. Visitors should view this page from time to time to review the then-current policy.