https://www.familyhomeplans.com/terms.cfm
800-482-0464
CALL NOW! OPEN: 9 AM - 9 PM EST
Home
Terms, Conditions and Policies
Terms, Conditions and Policies
Reorder and Exchange Policies
Customer Service/Exchanges
If for some reason you find that the plan you have purchased from us does not meet your needs, you may exchange that plan for any other similar type plan in our collection. We allow 30 days from your original delivery date to make an exchange. You must first place a new order and the original plans have to be returned to us. We will refund you 50% of the original purchase price minus any additional fees (optional foundation, exterior wall, etc.) and shipping and handling. If you received free ground shipping on the first order, a fee of 20.00 will be charged. Limit one (1) exchange per customer.
If the returned blueprints look used, redlined or copied, we regrettably will not be able to honor your exchange due to copyright rules and regulations. Call our Customer Service Department for more information. Please Note: Reproducible Vellums can only be exchanged if they are unopened. CAD or PDF Files cannot be exchanged or returned.
To Reorder
If you find after your initial purchase that you require additional sets of plans, you may purchase them from us at special reorder prices (please call for pricing details) provided that you reorder within 90 days of your original order date. A nominal processing fee and/or additional set fee may be required. For more information on reordering plans, please contact our Sales Department. This same policy hold true for PDF or CAD file upgrades.
Copyright and Trademark Information
The Garlinghouse Company products and services are protected by United States Copyright Law and International Treaty Provisions. You may not modify, duplicate in any form, rent, lease, loan, distribute or create derivative works based on information provided in whole or in part. Any reproductions or modifications by means now known or hereafter invented, without the express written consent of The Garlinghouse Company is strictly prohibited and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
By purchasing the minimum of a full set of House Plans you are granted the right to build that home one time (Unless otherwise stated).
Only the original purchaser has the right to build one home from the plans purchased, you may not rent, lease, loan, give, transfer or sell the plans. A client may purchase plans for a builder to build a home for the client.
Because it is illegal to create derivative works without having purchased the right to do so, even if you are planning on making extensive changes to the design, copyright laws require you to purchase a copy of the plans.
Common Misconceptions
Under International Copyright Laws...
It is illegal to make copies from home blueprints. You may however make up to 12 sets of prints (build the house 1 time) when you purchase a reproducible vellum set from The Garlinghouse Company.
It is illegal to have plans drawn based in whole or in part on plans presented by The Garlinghouse Company house plans, catalogs, designs, web pages, or marketing literature without having first purchased the plans.
It is illegal to build a home more than once without purchasing additional Construction Licenses (unless otherwise noted).
It is illegal to rent, lease, loan, give, transfer or sell The Garlinghouse Company house plans. Only the original purchaser has the right to build from the building plans purchased.
Warranties and Disclaimers
The information, plans and specifications contained in these documents is provided "as is" without warranty, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The Garlinghouse Company assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in these pages or other documents which are referenced by or linked to these web pages.
References to corporations, services and products, are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. In no event shall The Garlinghouse Company be liable for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibilities of damage, and on any theory of liability arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the information.
These documents could include technical or other inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Garlinghouse Company assumes no liability for errors or omissions in these documents and reserves the right to make changes at any time.
Trademarks
The Garlinghouse Company and the The Garlinghouse Company logo are trademarks and service marks of The Garlinghouse Company. All other brand and product names are trademarks, registered trademarks or service marks of their respective holders.
Privacy Policy
Secure Online Home Plan Ordering
The Garlinghouse Company uses its own Secure Server for Online Orders and Credit Card transactions using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology provided by Authorize.Net.
What's collected and what's not?
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web pages, customize the content and/or layout of our web pages, notify consumers about updates to our website, or used to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
The email addresses of those who communicate with us via email are recorded only if they are volunteered by the consumer, such as via survey, newsletter sign-up and/or site registration. The Garlinghouse Company will not share these email addresses with other organizations for commercial purposes without your advance opt-in or permission consent.
The mailing addresses of those who communicate with us via mail are recorded only if they are volunteered by the consumer, such as via survey, newsletter sign-up and/or site registration. The Garlinghouse Company will not share these mailing addresses with other organizations for commercial purposes without your advance opt-in or permission consent.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online. They also may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending an email with your name, phone number, and mailing address to us here.
If, at any point after giving The Garlinghouse Company your personally identifying information, you do not wish to continue to receive additional information or contacted with updates about our house plans or services, please let us know by sending an email with your name, phone number, and mailing address to us here; in the case of our email newsletters, you also may follow the procedures included in the removal instructions in each newsletter, or by updating your My Page Preferences.
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites and Sponsors
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
We can be reached via email at info@garlinghouse.com, postal mail at The Garlinghouse Company, 2121 Boundary Street, Suite 208 Beaufort, SC 29902, or you can contact us by telephone at 1-800-482-0464. Please bring to our attention any instance where you feel these policies have been violated.
Currency
All pricing published on our website are in US Dollars.
Pricing
Pricing and conditions subject to change without notice.
Due to the very large number of plans and price options for those plans offered by The Garlinghouse Company, data entry and other errors inevitably may occur in the text and pricing shown on this website. Consequently, please be advised that The Garlinghouse Company reserves the right to correct such errors as they are discovered, and no order and pricing with respect to that order shall be final until confirmed by The Garlinghouse Company.
What Do Our Sets of Home Plans and Garage Plans Include?
Construction blueprints are detailed, clear and concise. All blueprints are designed by home designers and/or licensed architects and each home plan is designed to meet one of the nationally recognized building codes (the Uniform Building Code, Standard Building Code, International Residential Code, or Basic Building Code) at the time and place that particular home building plan was drawn.
The blueprints for most home designs include the following elements, but the presentation of these elements may vary depending on the size and complexity of the home and the style of the individual designer/architect:
Exterior Elevations: show the front, rear and sides of the house, including exterior materials, details and measurements.
Foundation Plans: include drawings for a standard, daylight or partial basement, crawlspace, pier, or slab foundation. All necessary notations and dimensions are included. (Foundation options will vary for each plan. If the home you want does not have the type of foundation you desire, contact the designer/architect of your plan.)
Interior Elevations: (call 1-800-482-0464 before ordering to confirm) show the specific details of cabinets (kitchen, bathroom). We suggest contacting local cabinet and fireplace distributors for sizes and styles.
Schematic Electrical Layouts: (call 1-800-482-0464 before ordering to confirm) show the suggested locations for switches, fixtures and outlets. These details may be shown on the floor plan or on a separate diagram.
Detailed House Floor Plans: show the placement of interior walls and the dimensions for rooms, doors, windows, stairways, etc., of each level of the house.
NOTE:
Due to regional variations, local availability of materials, local codes, methods of installation, and individual preferences, it is impossible to include detail on heating and plumbing work on your plans. The duct work, venting, and other details will vary depending on the type of heating and cooling system (forced air, hot water, electric, solar) and the type of energy (gas, oil, electricity, solar) that you use. These details and specifications are easily obtained from your builder, contractor, and/or local suppliers.
Home Plan Information Policy
Although The Garlinghouse Company and our affiliated house designers and architects make every effort to ensure the accuracy of our plan information, we reserve the right to make corrections on our floor plans and/or elevations if changes occur.
Note: Photographed homes may be modified from their original construction documents to suit homeowners' preferences.
Special Note:
Attention CA, OR, SC, WA, and NV residents: Our house plans do not meet Earthquake Seismic/Wind code requirements. Energy Analysis is not included.
Attention GA, SC, FL, and NC Coastal residents: Plans may have to be engineered to meet local Hurricane/Wind codes.
Attention AL, AZ, CO, CT, DE, FL, ID, LA, KY, MD, MA, MN, MI, NV, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, UT, WY, and VA residents: Plans may have to be engineered to meet local building codes. Please call your local building department before placing order.
Customer understands that plans are not stamped by a local engineer.
Shipping Policy
Damage to Home Building Plans during Transit
If you do receive a damaged item, sign the receipt and write "Damaged" next to your signature. If you suspect the package is damaged but have not yet opened it, ask the delivery person to give you an opportunity to physically inspect the package in their presence. If that is not possible, save the carton and all packing materials for inspection by the shipping company. In any case, please contact The Garlinghouse Company and we will reship your order and resolve the situation as soon as possible.
Returned Shipments
If a order is returned to us by the shipping company, either because no one was home to accept delivery, or any other reason, please be aware that we will be unable to credit shipping charges on any returned orders.
Product Availability
In the unlikely event that an item you wish to order is out of stock or temporarily unavailable, we will notify you in writing, phone, or e-mail. Unless you tell us otherwise, we will ship your ordered item as soon as possible. If we will not be able to ship an item within 10 days from receipt of your paid order, you may request a refund.
USA and General Shipping Time Information
All orders are typically fulfilled the next business day if ordered before 2:00 PM EST. A shipping day includes business days only - weekends are no included in official shipping days. Carrier may take until 7:00 PM to deliver package.
Product Tracking Information
You will receive an e-mail order confirmation immediately after placing your order. AutoCAD files may be shipped Regular US Mail (designer preference). If you have questions, e-mail us at custserv@garlinghouse.com or call our offices at 1-800-482-0464, Monday through Friday, 8:00 am to 4:00 PM EST.
Freight Terms: FOB Shipping Point
Condition of Sale
Purchaser agrees to comply with all local codes and building regulations. The house plans featured in The Garlinghouse Company web site are prepared by independent building designers and architects. All plans comply with national recognized building codes in effect at the time they were drawn. Because local and state building regulations vary from region to region and are constantly changing, absolute conformance to purchaser's specific requirements is impossible. Therefore, The Garlinghouse Company authorizes the sale and uses of these plans expressly conditioned upon the purchaser's obligation and agreement to strictly comply with all applicable codes, ordinances, regulations and requirements. Note that certain states require the services and seal of an architect or engineer registered in that state.
Purchaser agrees to check and verify all dimensions and materials before construction. Due to regional variations, The Garlinghouse Company cannot and does not guarantee the availability of any materials or products suggested or specified on plans. Any discrepancies or questions must be reported to the respectful designer/architect prior to the start of construction.
Purchaser agrees that the use of the plan is for the construction of one house only, and that the plan or any part of it will not be reproduced by any means without the written consent of the copyright owner.
Prices and conditions are subject to change without notice.
All construction plans ordered through The Garlinghouse Company are provided as-is and The Garlinghouse Company disclaims all other warranties, express or implied, including merchantability or fitness of purpose. The Garlinghouse Company is not liable for incidental, special, consequential, or indirect damages of any kind, including, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits, business opportunity, or other economic loss arising out of the use of services or any construction plans received from The Garlinghouse Company even if The Garlinghouse Company has been advised of the possibility of such damage. It is the customer's responsibility to ensure the accuracy, compliance with applicable statute or regulation, and fitness of purpose of any plans or construction information received from The Garlinghouse Company prior to use thereof. In the event any liability is imposed on The Garlinghouse Company, The Garlinghouse Company's liability to you or any third party shall not exceed the price paid for The Garlinghouse Company's product.
It is the customer's responsibility to ensure the accuracy, compliance with applicable statute or regulation, and fitness of purpose of any plans or construction information received from The Garlinghouse Company prior to use thereof. In the event any liability is imposed on The Garlinghouse Company, The Garlinghouse Company's liability to you or any third party shall not exceed the price paid for The Garlinghouse Company's product.
It is the customer's responsibility to verify the contents of an order they place with 30 days of receiving said order. In the event that an order is missing specific items or contains the wrong plan, customer must contact The Garlinghouse Company immediatly.
More Advice
Buying a set of home plans is similar to buying a car. A variety of features attracts you to it, including styling, size, design, shape, amenities, and fuel efficiency. However, after test driving the car and comparing it to your needs, you might decide that it's not the car for you after all. It's either too big, too expensive, too small, or simply not the kind of car you see yourself in.
Shopping for home plans works much the same way. The key difference is that, while you can test drive a car, you can't afford to build a house just to see if you like it. From working with homeowners for most of the last century, we've developed a few simple bits of advice that we hope will help you select just the right plan without worrying later that you made the wrong choice, or feeling that you didn't get just what you wanted.
Make sure that your building lot is large enough to accommodate the house as you want it built. If you're in doubt, contact your local zoning authority to see what kind of setbacks are required. Setbacks are required distances between your house and your neighbors on each side and in the rear, as well as the distance between your house and the street, sidewalk, or public right-of-way. Understand that the stated square footage on the plan does not include unheated spaces such as garages, porches, unfinished basements, and bonus spaces. People are sometimes surprised when they get the plans and discover that the home is actually much larger than they expected once they factor in these unheated spaces.
All plans show placement of electrical outlets, lights, switches, and plumbing fixtures, though few include actual plumbing or electrical diagrams. Understand that plumbers and electricians do not need such diagrams to install these utilities in your new home.
Know what type of foundation you want before you order. If you need a slab foundation, double check that your chosen plan is designed with a slab foundation option. Some plans come with slab, basement, or crawlspace foundation options; some plans come with only one foundation plan.
Talk to your builder and building inspection office to determine the number of plan sets you need. Most towns or counties require multiple copies. Your builder will also require a certain number of plan sets for subcontractors. You'll also want one for your records. A reproducible master, or PDF file, which allows you to make an unlimited number of reproductions, may be your most cost-effective option.
Make sure your budget will allow you to build the house you choose. Some of our customers discover after ordering a non-returnable plan that it will cost more to build than they had budgeted.
Finally, before you order, talk with your spouse about which plan is right for you. Building a house is a huge investment of money and time and the decision on which house to build should be made together to avoid problems down the road.
Plan Number
Jump to Section:
Reorder and Exchange Policies
Copyright and Trademark Information
Privacy Policy
Home Plans Include?
Home Plan Information Policy
Shipping Policy
Condition of Sale
More Advice
Designers/Architects that are interested in marketing their plans with us, please click here
: 800-482-0464