https://www.medianewsgroup.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
MediaNews Group Cookie Policy
Last Updated Feb 20, 2020
This Cookie Policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies. This Cookie Policy applies to any website that links to this policy or incorporates it by reference.
For more information on our privacy practices generally please visit our Privacy Policy. If you are a California resident, please view this Privacy Notice for additional rights under California law.
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time.  Please take a look at the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised.  Any changes in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Site. Please note that the names and functionality of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time.
Cookie Policy Navigation:
What is a cookie?
Does MediaNews Group use cookies?
When do we place cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
What is Do Not Track (DNT)?
How are cookies used for advertising purposes?
Controlling cookies.
Other helpful resources.
Contact us.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file placed onto your device that enables a variety of features and functionality. Cookies also enable you to easily share content and help us serve relevant ads to you. Cookies can do this because websites can read and write them, enabling websites to recognize you and remember important information that will make your use of a website more convenient (for example by remembering preference settings).
Does MediaNews Group use cookies?
Yes. We use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses our websites has the best possible experience and for marketing purposes. Cookies also help us keep your account safe. By continuing to visit our site or use our services, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this policy.
When do we place cookies?
We place cookies when you visit our websites or use certain mobile applications. Any web browser visiting these sites will receive cookies from us. We also place cookies in your browser when you visit non MediaNews Group sites that host our plugins or tags.
What types of cookies do we use?
We use a variety of cookie types:
Preference Cookies.Preference cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember language or other local settings and customize the websites accordingly.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.Strictly necessary cookies are necessary for the website to work and to enable you to move around it and to use its features.  Without these absolutely necessary cookies, websites will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features you request.
Social Plug-in Tracking Cookies.Such cookies are used to track members [and non-members] of social media networks for market research analytics, and product development.
Analytics Cookies.Analytics cookies collect information about your use of the websites, and enable us to improve the way they work.  For example, analytics cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on a website, help us record any difficulties you have with a website, and show us whether our advertising is effective or not.  This allows us to see the overall patterns of usage, rather than the usage of a single person.
Advertising Cookies.Advertising cookies are used for marketing purposes. This is discussed below in greater detail.
Affiliate Cookies. Some of our websites may contain promotional links to other companies’ sites. If you follow one of these links or interact with that other site, a cookie is used to tell the other site that you came from one of our websites. That other site may then pay us a small amount for the successful referral. For more information, see the Internet Advertising Bureau’s guide about how affiliate marketing works.
All of the cookies above are either persistent cookies or session cookies. A persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user, so it’s easier to return to the website or interact with our services repeatedly. A persistent cookie stays in your browser and will be read by the website when you return to one of our websites or a partner site that uses our services. Session cookies only last for as long as the session (usually the current visit to a website or a browser session).
What is Do Not Track (DNT)?
DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies, and regulators to develop a DNT technology standard. No standard has been adopted to date. As such, we do not generally respond to “do not track” signals.
How are cookies used for advertising purposes?
Cookies and other ad technology such as beacons, pixels, and tags help us serve relevant ads to you more effectively. They also help us provide aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for advertisers, understand and improve our service, and know when content has been shown to you. We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may employ cookies and clear GIFs to measure advertising effectiveness. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third party advertising companies if you have any concerns. Note: Because your web browser may request advertisements and beacons directly from third party ad network servers, these networks can view, edit, or set third party cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Ads served by us may also set third party cookies.
Unless you clear these cookies from your browser, we may use this information to:
provide more relevant, interest-based advertising
provide aggregate reports of ads activity to advertisers and websites hosting the ads
help website and app owners understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps
detect and defend against fraud and other risks to protect users and partners
improve our products
Controlling cookies
Most browsers allow you to control and erase cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you. Additionally, some features may work improperly or not at all. It may also stop you from saving customized settings. If you want to another way to clean out all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, here are links where you can download programs that clean out cookies:
http://www.webroot.com/consumer/products/spysweeper/
http://www.lavasoftusa.com/products/ad-aware_se_personal.php
http://www.spybot.info/en/download/index.html,
We are not affiliated with any of the products provided above.
If you do not want to receive cookies, you can also change your browser settings on your computer or other device you’re using to access our services. If you use our sites without changing your browser settings, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies.
Other helpful resources
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org, or www.aboutcookies.org.
To learn more about advertisers’ use of cookies the following links may be helpful:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU)
Internet Advertising Bureau (US)
Internet Advertising Bureau (EU)
Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information.
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.
We are not affiliated with any of the resources provided above.
Contact us.
You may contact us at:
mngprivacy@medianewsgroup.com
Attn: Legal
4 North Second Street, Suite 800
San Jose, CA 95113
Archives Archives
Select Month
March 2018
June 2017
April 2017
March 2017
April 2016
January 2016
November 2015
April 2015
February 2015
September 2014
July 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013
April 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012
September 2012
August 2012
July 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
October 2011
September 2011
Copyright © 2020 | MediaNews Group | Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use | Cookie Policy | Do Not Sell My Info - CA Residents
Arbitration