http://www.indiatree.com/privacy-policy/
RESOURCES
COLORING GUIDES VIDEOS PRESS ABOUT USOur StoryFAQContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience;
To process transactions;
To send periodic emails pertaining to your account.
How do we protect your information?
After a transaction, your private financial information will not be stored on our servers. Contact information will be retained in our database.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile top-level, aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools. No information gathered for this purpose can be used to identify individuals outside of that information necessary to process transactions.
We use Google Analytics to help improve the Web site. We use Google Analytics demographic and interest reports to help understand how visitors interact with the Web site so that the site can be improved. We allow Google to use only anonymous data of the type described above. You can read the privacy policy for Google Analytics. You can choose not to have your data collected by Google Analytics by downloading their opt-out browser add-on.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety, or for delivery of purchased products or services.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
European Union General Data Privacy Regulation
We comply with the EU GDPR that went into effect on May 25, 2018. We will not process personal data to contact, update or email our customers who are citizens of the EU without their permission. If you are an EU citizen who wishes to receive email of any sort from us, please let us know at india@indiatree.com.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update this Privacy Policy modification date: This policy was last modified on June 8, 2018
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy please contact us.
Search
© 2002 - 2020
Featured in