https://www.chooseby.com/page/privacy.html
Choose By
Chooseby
Archive materials
Raw materials and semi finished
Marketing Solutions
User login
Privacy Policy
Generally our future possible affiliates will adopt similar procedures relating to privacy,
as those adopted by ChooseBy, compatible with the laws of the particular country where an established affiliate is located.
We try to adopt similar privacy procedures for all of our community. Your personal dates and information are held and watched with electronic
and automatic systems in our servers and are used with the goal of permitting you use and access to our services as per the present Agreement.ù
Your privacy is very important for ChooseBy. As part of the normal operation of our service we collect and, in some cases,
with previous consent, may disclose information about you. Except for your possible libels or behavior not respecting our agreement; your personal
information will be disclosed, without any approval from your site, to the offended party, in order to give him the possibility to preserve his rights and integrity.
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs,
to customize our service to make your experience easier, and to spare your precious time. We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on our site using different devices.
We use this information to do internal research on our users. demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you and our community.
This information may include, for example the URL that you just came from and your IP address. We may use data collection devices such as cookies on certain pages of our web site.
The reason of such devices is to offer certain features that are available only through their use and also to allow you to enter your password less frequently during the session.
Cookies can also help us provide information targeted to your specific interests. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits,
although in this case you may not able to use certain features on our Website and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
Please consider also that you may encounter cookies or other similar devices on certain pages of our site that are placed by third parties; for example,
if you visit a web page created by a user, there may be a cookie placed within that web page. We do not control the use of cookies or other devices placed by third parties.
As mentioned above, we may use your information obtained from your current and past activities on our web site, to resolve disputes,
troubleshoot problems and enforce our user agreement, in order to safeguard us and the rights of third parties, with reference to our user Agreement accepted by you.
You agree that we may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements,
administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of our Website. With the goal being to offer better service to our registered users,
we have created programs named My Preferences and My Capabilities aimed at achieving the single needs and preferences of our users. By accepting the privacy policy, you expressly
agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, or if you wish to modify your preferences or eliminate some of our services, at any time you can enter in your personal User Account and modify your preferences in real time.
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we can not ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy.
By way of example, without limiting the foregoing, we may be forced to disclose information to the government, law enforcement agencies or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access
transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our website. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect,
that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private.
As a matter of our policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed:
External service providers: only after your prior approval, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to an external service provider chosen by you. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services. All users who register on a web site of our possible partner grant us permission to pass their email address to them. The use of such information by the future partner, or co-brand, or affiliated web sites is limited by their applicable privacy policies.
Internal services providers: we might use internal service providers, as for example discussion boards, search engines, surveys, and therefore we may provide some of your personally identifiable information directly to them. In some circumstances, the internal services provider may collect information directly from you. In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider, and all information disclosures you make will be strictly optional. In all cases, these internal service providers. use of information is restricted by confidentiality agreements. If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your information is governed by their applicable privacy policy.
Advertisers: we gather data across all user accounts (including personally identifiable information) and disclose such information in a NON-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for other marketing and promotional purposes. Certain information, such as your email address, street, password, User ID are never disclosed to marketing advertisers. Applying to our Availability service, if you reflect the chosen requirements of our registered users, you authorize us to display your Company or private name/surname, your category, and your country, in our Website.
Our community: on our website, you are identified by your User ID. We recommend that you do not select your email address as your User ID.
Other corporate entities: it is possible that ChooseBy, its future joint ventures, its subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service. You will receive notice of such event (to the extent it occurs) and we will require that the new combined entity follow the practices disclosed in this document.
Extraordinary inquiries: we cooperate with law enforcement inquiries relating to fraud and other serious issues. We can, and you authorized us, disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials that we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. In case of defamatory statements made against one of our specific users, the specific user, through a specific mail inquiry sent to us, will have the right to know the source of the specific libel in order to safeguard his rights. In all these cases we can, and you authorized us, disclose your User ID, name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email and company name.
Heading
Services
. Encyclopedia materials
More information
. Choose By
. Marketing Solutions
. Contact us
. User Agreement
. Privacy Policy
. Copyright
. Cookies
Choose By
ChooseBy is the best investment you can choose today to advertise yourself and your activity FREE OF CHARGE.
No matter if you are a final retailer or a producer, an architect or a consultan: ChooseBy drives Qualified Buyers To Your Company, Not Just Traffic