https://www.xenocs.com/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Home » Privacy policy
Privacy policy
During its ordinary course of business, XENOCS may collect and process contact details, which may include personal data, with the sole aim to provide you with the most adapted information associated to your field of materials research in your institution. While processing this information for our legitimate interest, we ensure to take care of your rights under data protection laws.
The following details our privacy policy in relation to such data.
Data controller
XENOCS SAS
1-3 Allée du Nanomètre
38000 Grenoble, France
Representative : Frédéric BOSSAN
Type of data
XENOCS only processes the following type of data:
– contact details, which may include personal data (first name, family name, affiliation, e-mail address, postal address, phone)
– title or position of the contact within its organization
– associated field of research
– type of documentation downloaded
– meeting, event or webinar attended
We may collect these data from you directly from our website when you enter your contact details in order to receive information about our products or services, or when you register for further emailing communication.
We may collect personal data from third parties and/or from publicly accessible sources. This information is limited to your contact details and associated fields of research. When doing so, we ensure such information is related to our field of activity and that such transfer of information complies with data protection law.
Purpose
Personal data are processed by XENOCS for the purpose of customer relationship, in particular to send prospects and customers relevant commercial information in relation to products and services, and invitations to events such as meetings or webinars.
Legal basis of data processing
Personal data are processed for the purpose of the legitimate interests of XENOCS to initiate and manage commercial business with the relevant organizations.
Recipients
Personal data are only intended for XENOCS internal departments.
Service providers (such as website host and other service providers who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business) may have access to such data. Our contractual terms provide appropriate confidential and data protection undertakings.
Transfer
Personal data are processed for the purpose of the legitimate interests of XENOCS to initiate and manage commercial business with the relevant organizations.
Storage period
Personal data in relation to prospects are stored for a period of 5 years from the dates they are collected. Personal data in relation to customers are stored for the limitation period following our business relationship.
Rights of Persons
During the period in which XENOCS retains their personal data, prospects and customers have the right to ask XENOCS to access, rectify, request the erasure of data, oppose the processing of such data or limit it, to object to the profiling for direct marketing purposes, to receive such personal data in a structured format for transmission to another data controller (data portability) under the conditions defined by General Data Protection Regulation (n° 2016/679) and law Information Technology and Liberties n° 78-17 of January 6, 1978.
These rights can be exercised by contacting the controller at the following address:
marketing@xenocs.com or XENOCS – Marketing and communication department – 1-3 Allée du Nanomètre, 38000 Grenoble, France
Supervisory authority
In accordance with the applicable law, prospects and clients have the right to file a complaint with the French supervisory authority : Commission Nationale Informatique et Libertés (CNIL).
Cookies
XENOCS may use the collected browsing data of website visitors such as to improve the operation of the website. At any time, a visitor has the right to oppose the use of cookies on his terminal and de-activate any cookies already deposited.
Useful links
– Terms and conditions
– Privacy policy
– Contact Us
© 2020 Xenocs.
Home
Applications
Nanoparticles & colloids
Structural biology
Polymer research
Oil & gas
Food science
Cosmetics & consumer care
Renewable energy
Inorganic materials
Products
BioXolver
Nano-inXider
Xeuss
XSACT software
Accessories
Components
Characterization
Size
Particle size and size distribution
Molecular weight
Pore-size and pore-size distribution
Structure
Lamellar structure
Crystalline fraction
Phase identification
Orientation analysis
Shape
Particle or macromolecular shape
Surfaces
Surface structure and patterns
Interfaces
Specific surface
Dynamic studies
Temperature
Humidity
Tensile stress
Shear stress
Support & Services
Knowledge base
SAXS
Customer publications
Application notes
White papers
User access
About us
Who we are
Customer testimonials
News & events
Newsletter
Careers
Contact us
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Request for a quote
First Name*
Last Name*
Job title
Company*
Country
E-mail*
Phone number
Product of interest
Xeuss 3.0Nano-inXiderBioXolverGenix3DOpticsAccessories
Purchasing timeframe
1-3 months3-6 months6-12 monthsmore than 1 year
Message*
How did you find us
Web searchConferenceFriend or colleagueOther
By clicking send you agree that Xenocs collects and uses personal data under its legitimate interests. For more information please access our Privacy Policy webpage.
You can at any time withdraw your consent on use of personal data or unsubscribe to our newsletter or events notices by emailing marketing@xenocs.com
Please tick this box if you wish to receive our newsletter & information on Xenocs webinars & events
CLOSE