http://www.fdsmfg.com/privacy-policy.html
Call (909) 591-1733Email: sales@fdsmfg.com
Request A Quote
HomeF-D-S HistoryF-D-S NewsProductsServicesContact F-D-SGreen F-D-S Manufacturing
ProductsAgricultural Packaging:
62/63 Series PET Fruit
Clamshell Packaging
Strawberry Clamshells
Cherry Clamshells
Grape Clamshells
Blackberry Clamshells
Blueberry Clamshells
Raspberry Clamshells
Tomato Clamshells
Fig Clamshells
Melon Clamshell and Tray Inserts
Small Parts Trays
Mango Clamshells
Pomegranate Trays
Vending Clamshell
Dust Covers
Boysenberry Clamshells
PET Fruit Tray Liners
Metric PET Fruit Tray Liners
Metric PET Fruit Half Tray Liners
Euro PET Fruit Tray Liners
Euro PET Fruit Tray Half Liners
LA PET Fruit Tray Liners
1016 PET Fruit Tray Liners
Strawberry and
Fruit Baskets
Titan Tents
Dust Covers
Food Service Packaging:
Food Service
Packaging
Industrial Packaging:
Single Face Rolls
A-Flute Rolls
B-Flute Rolls
E-Flute Rolls
Spot Seal Rolls
Wax Paper Rolls
Single Face Sheets
A-Flute Sheets
B-Flute Sheets
E-Flute Sheets
Jumbo Flute Sheets
Pizza Sheets
Grease Resistant/ Waterproof Pizza Sheets
Kraft Pizza Sheets
Single Face V-Boards
Angle Pads
Corner Pads
Frame Pads
PET Rolls
Single Face
Corrugated Die Cuts
Printable Page
Email This Page
Privacy PolicyFDS Manufacturing Co. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information CollectedIf you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via sales@fdsmfg.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only FDS Manufacturing Co.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. FDS Manufacturing Co. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.CookiesFDS Manufacturing Co.'s website does not use cookies.Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationFDS Manufacturing Co. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that FDS Manufacturing Co. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of FDS Manufacturing Co. and is effective as of Oct 08, 2012. This statement does not create an agreement between FDS Manufacturing Co. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:FDS Manufacturing Co.2200 S. Reservoir St.,Pomona, CA 91769Phone: (909) 591-1733Fax: (909) 591-1571Email: sales@fdsmfg.comWebsite: www.fdsmfg.com
Phone: (909) 591-1733|Fax: (909) 591-1571|Email: sales@fdsmfg.comF-D-S Manufacturing Company|2200 S. Reservoir Street|Pomona, CA 91769Phone: (559) 834-2571|Fax: (559) 834-5405|Email: custservice@fdsmfg.comSan Joaquin Division|9 E. Adams Avenue|Fowler, CA 93625
Privacy Policy Site MapSite created by Thomas Web Solutions and powered by Navigator Platform Copyright © 2012 - F-D-S Manufacturing Company