http://www.calligraphy.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About Manuscript Pen Company and this Privacy Policy
Manuscript Pen Company LTD has its registered offices at Main Road, Highley, Bridgnorth, Shropshire, WV16 6NN, United Kingdom. In this Privacy Policy, we use the term Manuscript Pen Company (and “we”, “us” and “our”) to refer to the head office of Manuscript Pen Company at the registered address above.
Please take a moment to read the following policy which explains how we collect, use, disclose and transfer the personal information that you provide to us on our websites, mobile applications (together the “Platforms”), when you contact Manuscript Pen Company Customer Service by telephone or when you interact with us over social media platforms. It also explains how we collect information through the use of cookies and related technologies when you use our Platforms.
From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy.  When we do we will publish the changes on this Platform.
Your Privacy
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal information is important to Manuscript Pen Company and to the way we conduct our business in compliance with laws on privacy, General Data Protection Regulation and data security. We at Manuscript are also shoppers and customers, so we understand how important privacy and security is. We hope this policy will help you understand what information we collect, how we use and safeguard that information and with whom we may share it.
Before anyone submits information they must accept that the internet is not secure and that this may pose a risk to the integrity of information they provide. Accordingly, Manuscript Pen Company accepts no legal responsibility for any loss or misuse of the data that may occur while the data is in transmission.
What we collect
Through our website, Manuscript Pen Company will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address), unless you voluntarily choose to provide it to us (e.g., by registration, or signing up for newsletters or via our “Contact Us” page).
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the use of it as set out in this policy. We usually use it to respond to your enquiry, process your order or provide you access to specific account information and also, subject to your wishes about receipt of marketing communications, to support our customer relationship with you.
We may also use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti fraud checks. Personal Information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. This is done only to confirm your identity – a credit check is not performed and your credit rating is unaffected.
We may store and process personal information to better understand your business needs and how we can improve our products and services; or
We may use personal information to contact you about any Manuscript Pen Company offers that we think you may be interested in or to conduct online surveys to understand better our customers’ needs. This is only done if you have provided consent for us to do so.
If you choose not to have your personal information used to support our customer relationship by receiving marketing communications, we will respect your choice.
You can choose to opt out of marketing communications at any time by unsubscribing from our emails.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any third parties except for the purpose of processing orders (eg. Couriers, Payment Processing) unless you give us permission to do so, or we are obliged or permitted by law to disclose them.
We do not now (and do not intend to) sell, rent or otherwise market your personal information to third parties.
Visitors who register for a Manuscript Pen Company online account are requested to log in and keep their own Personal Information, such as name, address, email, billing information etc. up to date.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
To access certain areas of our Platform, you will need to register with us.  During the registration process you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (including your name and  e-mail address and telephone number, and, if you make a purchase with us, address, phone number and payment details).  By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable Manuscript Pen Company to provide you with the services you select.
In addition, we may also collect personal information from you when you correspond with us (for example, if you contact us with a query about one of our products or services), when you provide your details when you contact the Manuscript Pen Company Customer Service Team by telephone.  Please note that calls to Manuscript Pen Company may be recorded for security, training and development purposes.
If you choose to interact with Manuscript Pen Company via a social media platform or other third party service, we will collect the information you have provided to us through that platform. We only use this information to interact with you on that platform only. We will not use your information to send you any marketing information unless you have specifically opted into receiving this information. We will not share any of your personal details with any third party. We recommended you review third party social media platform privacy polices to understand how they use personal data.
We also collect certain information automatically about visitors to our Platform, described in the section headed “Cookies and other non-personal information automatically collect”, below.
We will use the information we collect from you to:
manage and fulfil purchase and repair orders and to provide after service care;
deal with your enquiries and requests;
send service related communications, including announcements and administrative messages such as order confirmation;
send you marketing communications (including e-mails) relating to us and other third party partners in accordance with your communications preferences
send notification emails about new contact submissions. These emails are not sent via encrypted channels by default. These emails are sent to maintain contact with you in order to service the reason you made contact with us via our “Contact us” page, or via any comments on our Platform pages. Email contact via our “contact us” page are then deleted upon completion of the conversation. Comments on our Platform pages are then kept until deletion is requested
conduct market research so that we can continuously improve the services we provide to our customers, in accordance with your communication prtefernces;
prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities and as part of our efforts to keep our Platform secure; and
Understand how our Platform is used so that we can continuously improve our Platform and services and other offerings.
Your Information
We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except under the following circumstances:
to third party providers who provide services on our behalf such as online and other payments, processing credit card transactions and handling credit checks and fraud prevention;
to our third party order fulfilment company who then dispatch your order that has been placed via our Platform
to our third party email marketing service provider. This data is then used to send out marketing related emails which you have subscribed to. This data will be store for two years or up until the time you automatically unsubscribe from our mailing list, or if you contact us to have your data removed
we may disclose your personal information to any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or other third party where we believe this is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, or otherwise to protect our rights or the rights of any third party; and
we may disclose your personal information to any third party that purchases, or to which we transfer, all or substantially all of our assets and business. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the entity to which we transfer your personal information uses it in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We comply with the General Data Protection Regulation on how your personal data should be handled. This means we limit access to your personal information to Manuscript Pen Company employees who reasonably need access to it to provide you with products and services in order to complete their job. We have appropriate technical and organisational physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the personal information that you provide to us against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, damage or destruction.
In the event of any security breach of your personal data, we will endeavour to inform you of this within 72 hours of us being made aware of any such breach. We will also keep you informed of the status of the security breach until the breach has been resolved.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at manuscript@manuscriptpen.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
You have the right to ask for access to any personal information that we hold about you in our records, to correct any inaccuracies and to update any out-of-date information.  We reserve the right to charge a fee for data subject access requested (currently £20.00). You can also ask us not to send you direct marketing communications (however please note that we may continue to send you service related (i.e. non-marketing) communications, such as e-mail updates on your order status).  If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please write to us at the address listed below.
Manuscript Pen Company
Main Road
Highley
Bridgnorth
WV16 6NN
Shropshire
GDPR@Manuscriptpen.com
You may unsubscribe from e-mail marketing communications at any time by e-mailing the address below in the section headed “General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Data Lead” or clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any Manuscript Pen Company marketing e-mails.
General Data Protection Regulation Lead
Our GDPR data lead is Manuscript Pen Company Managing Director, Charlie Stockbridge. He can be contacted via the following:
Manuscript Pen Company
Main Road
Highley
Bridgnorth
WV16 6NN
Shropshire
Email: GRPR@Manuscriptpen.com
Telephone: (+44) 1746 861 236
List of Cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
ANALYTICS
Google Analytics to review how the platform is performing and how visitors use it
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Find Your Local StoreSearch our directory for a Manuscript retailer near you... Search
Useful InformationTerms of Use Privacy Policy GDPR at Manuscript Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Blog Inspiration Shop LinksDelivery Information Secure Shopping Conditions of Sale Orders & Returns Contact UsTel: +44(0) 1746 861 236Fax: +44(0) 121 615 3353Manuscript Pen Company LtdHighley Nr. Bridgnorth Shropshire WV16 6NN
© 2020 Manuscript Ltd. All Rights Reserved