https://www.hpsprocess.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & ConditionsIn General
Wally Enterprises, Inc. dba HPS Process Service & Investigations (“hpsprocess.com”) owns and operate this Website.  This document governs your relationship with hpsprocess.com (“Website”). Access to and use of this Website and the products and services available through this Website (collectively, the “Services”) are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the “Terms of Service”). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of this Website.
This Website may contain links to other websites (the “Linked Sites”), which are not operated by hpsprocess.com. Hpsprocess.com has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.
Prohibitions
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offense; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person’s proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as “spam”; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offense and hpsprocess.com will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content (including photographic images) made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of hpsprocess.com or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by hpsprocess.com and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
Private Investigators
We do not provide private investigator services outside Kansas and Missouri. For states outside Kansas and Missouri, we may contract with other outside agencies for them to provide private investigator services. We are not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting act because the information provided by us is not collected or provided, in whole or in part, for the purpose of serving as a factor in establishing a person’s eligibility for (a) credit or insurance to be used primarily for personal, family, or household purposes; (b) employment purposes; or (c) in connection with a business transaction initiated by an individual consumer for personal, family, or household purposes. We do not make any representation or warranty as to the credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living of any person. The additional protections afforded to consumers and obligations placed upon consumer reporting agencies under the FCRA are not contemplated by, nor contained within, these terms and conditions.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order you are offering to purchase a product or service on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price. Dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.
In order to contract with hpsprocess.com you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit, debit card or valid bank account by a bank acceptable to us. Hpsprocess.com retains the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by email and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be hpsprocess.com or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party hpsprocess.com is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit, debit card or bank account used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
All sales are in U.S. dollars.
(a) Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgment e-mail confirming receipt of your order: this email will only be an acknowledgment and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us will not be formed until we send you confirmation by e-mail that the goods or services which you ordered have been dispatched to you. Only those goods or services listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
(b) Pricing and Availability
Whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods or services which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or canceling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as canceled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
(c) Payment – Credit or Debit Card
Upon receiving your order we carry out a standard authorization check on your payment card or to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfill the transaction. Your card will be debited upon authorization being received. The monies received upon the debiting of your card shall be treated as a deposit against the value of the goods you wish to purchase. Once the goods or services have been dispatched and you have been sent a confirmation email the monies paid as a deposit shall be used as consideration for the value of goods or services you have purchased as listed in the confirmation email.
(d) Payment – ACH Debit Payment Authorization
I authorize my bank to debit my account as identified above to the terms stated here. This authorization shall remain in effect until the Service Provider and bank receive written notification from me of intent to terminate at such time and in such manner as to afford the Service Provider and bank reasonable opportunity to act (Minimum 30 days).
I understand that if the total amount owed to the Service Provider is increased, I authorize this plan to continue as long as the payment amount remains unchanged until the amount owed the Service Provider is paid off, or unless the plan is terminated earlier by me as above. I understand any added amounts can be applied for with a new ACH Debit Authorization Form.
All other changes such as payment amount, frequency, bank account number change, will require a new ACH Debit Payment Authorization Form to be filled out and submitted to Merchant 15 days prior to any change being implemented. I understand that this payment plan may be canceled by the Service Provider or Merchant due to NSF (Non-sufficient Funds). I will be liable to pay an NSF fee of $25.00 (or the amount allowable by law), which may be automatically debited for each NSF.
I represent and warrant that I am authorized to execute this payment authorization for the purpose of implementing this payment plan. I indemnify and hold the Service Provider, the bank, and Merchant harmless from damage, loss or claim resulting from all authorized actions hereunder.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law hpsprocess.com and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Website or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect hpsprocess.com’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the homepage. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Disclaimer as to ownership of trade marks, images of personalities and third party copyright
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trade marks and content, services and/or locations featured on this Website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with hpsprocess.com and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trade marks/names featured on this Website are owned by the respective trademark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to hpsprocess.com.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless hpsprocess.com, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this Website or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
Hpsprocess.com  shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Website.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and hpsprocess.com. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by an Officer of hpsprocess.com.
Headquarters HPS Process Service & Investigations
1669 Jefferson Street
Kansas City, MO 64108
Contact Us Local: 816-842-9800
Toll Free: 800-796-9559
Fax: 816-842-9801
Email: service@hpsprocess.com
Disclaimer The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice.
MO PI License: 2015009333
KS PI License: A-5650
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refuseing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
Check to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.
Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google reCaptcha.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Other cookies
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them:
Click to enable/disable _ga - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gid - Google Analytics Cookie.
Click to enable/disable _gat_* - Google Analytics Cookie.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification only