http://www.quotit.net/eproifp/privacy/privacystatement.asp?license_no=0B03639
Pacific Health Brokers - Privacy Policy
We collect personal
information in the normal course of business in order to process
your insurance application.
Creating an Account with
us. We collect personal information from you when you
submit an application request to us. You may submit your
application through our website by entering your email address
and, if you are creating an account, choosing your password.
Under our current process, you must create an account before
obtaining a quote for a small business plan.
Providing you with a quote
or processing your application. We may use your personal
information to contact you when necessary to process your
application or to provide you with a quote.
If you have an unresolved
privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed
satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party
dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
We do not disclose your
personal information to third parties, unless one of the
following limited exceptions applies.
Insurance Companies,
Licensed Agents and Legal Obligations. If you submit
an application for an insurance product offered by us, then we
will disclose/forward your personal information to your
selected insurance company for processing. If you submit an
application for an insurance product offered through an
insurance agent or agency with whom we are associated, then we
may disclose your personal information to that agent or agency
to process your requested quote or application. Please be
assured that the agent or agency is only allowed to use your
personal information to process your requested quote or
application and is contractually obligated to maintain strict
confidentiality.
Outside of these exceptions, we
will not share your personal information with third parties.
We gather anonymous
information about you for our internal purposes, and we may share
this anonymous information with third parties.
Anonymous information is any
information that does not personally identify you, including
demographic information, including but not limited to the
number of visitors to our website from a particular state.
We use anonymous information
primarily for marketing purposes and to improve the services
we offer you.
We may use "Cookies,"
"Internet Protocol" addresses or other numeric codes to gather
anonymous information. For a more detailed discussion on
cookies, please see below.
We continue to evaluate our
efforts to protect your personal information and make every
effort to keep your personal information accurate and up to date.
If you want to correct or
update your contact information, you may contact us by email
at
contact@pacifichealthbrokers.com
Please note that once your
application has been submitted to your chosen health insurance
company, you may have to contact the insurance company
directly to update your application.
We protect the confidentiality
and security of your personal information.
We maintain physical,
electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal
information. For a more detailed discussion of the electronic
safeguards on our website, please see below.
You may opt out of receiving
satisfaction surveys and/or information on additional products
and services from us.
We may contact you to survey
your satisfaction of our service and/or to inform you of
additional products and services.
If you want to opt out of
these surveys and/or notices, you may contact us by email at
contact@pacifichealthbrokers.com.
Important Note: You may
continue to receive communications from us regarding your
insurance quote, application or policy even if you opt out of
receiving our notices of additional products and services.
We're here to answer questions
you may have about our privacy policy or our information privacy
practices.
If you have any questions,
please email us at
contact@pacifichealthbrokers.com.
Additional
Information About Privacy and Security at Pacific Health Brokers
Please click on
a topic below to get more information about privacy and security
at Pacific Health Brokers.
Cookies
Browsers and Internet Security
Password and Security Protocols
Links to Other Websites
Cookies
The main purpose of cookies is to
identify users and possibly prepare customized Web pages for
them. When you enter a Web site using cookies, you may be asked
to fill out a form providing such information as your name and
interests. This information is packaged into a cookie and sent to
your Web browser which stores it for later use. The next time you
go to the same Web site, your browser will send the cookie to the
Web server. The server can use this information to present you
with custom Web pages. So, for example, instead of seeing just a
generic welcome page you might see a welcome page with your name
on it.
Browsers and Internet
Security
When you submit an application
request through our website, we or an affiliated insurance
company or health plan provider encrypt it using Secure Socket
Layer ("SSL") technology. SSL protects information as it crosses
the Internet. To support this technology, you need an SSL-capable
browser. Pacific Health Brokers recommends using a strong
encryption, 128-bit browser such as Microsoft's Internet Explorer
5.0 or higher or Netscape Navigator 4.06 or higher. These
browsers will activate SSL automatically whenever you begin
shopping for plan on our website and when you return to our
website to complete an application.
Password's and Security
Protocols
The password you enter when you
begin an application on our website is your private entry key
into your application. You should never share it with anyone.
Password protocols will vary with each of our affiliated
insurance companies and their security protocols will prevail
over ours.
Links to Other Websites
Linked sites
are not under our control and therefore Pacific Health Brokers is
not responsible for the contents of any linked site. We recommend
that you carefully read the privacy policies of these websites as
their information privacy practices may differ from ours.
California Consumer Privacy: Your Personal Information
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) entitles California residents
to certain disclosures before collection of their personal information. We must tell you the kinds of
information we will collect from you and the business purposes for our collection of personal information.
Categories We Collect
The National General family includes insurance companies serving general
and highly specialized markets. To a great extent, the information we collect depends on the particular
service or product you have purchased or are interested in purchasing.
We will collect what CCPA categorizes as "Identifiers" which includes things
like your name, email, address, SSN, etc. This category also includes identifiers that are associated with
internet/online activity like IP address and cookies.
We will also collect personal information that is considered "Protected
Characteristics" like your age, ancestry, national origin, marital status, medical condition, sex, and gender.
We collect “Commercial Information” about our products and services you have
purchased or considered.
In some situations, we will collect "Biometric Information," which includes
things like signatures, voice recordings, or other biological/health-related information.
As part of providing online services, we collect personal information
categorized as "Internet Activity" such as your interactions with our websites and at times our advertisements
on other websites.
Additional categories of personal information we collect include Geolocation
Data, Sensory Data, Professional Information, and Educational Information.
For more examples of what information these categories of personal information
include, please see the section Personal Information We Collect (www.nghcprivacy.com/ca-privacy-policy#personalInfoCollect) in our California Privacy Policy.
How We Use Personal Information
As with the categories of personal information we collect, the reason for our
collecting your information can vary based on the product or service, but all of the uses are included in the
business purposes permitted by CCPA. For example, much of the information we collect from you is for what is
defined as "Performing Services" in CCPA. This can include things like providing quotes for premiums, underwriting
your insurance, servicing your policies, and adjusting claims. The additional purposes with examples are detailed
in the Business Purpose (www.nghcprivacy.com/ca-privacy-policy#personalInfoUse) section of our California Privacy Policy.
In addition, a limited number of Our companies sell, rent or lease Personal
Information to non-affiliated third parties and service providers. We do this in order to make additional
products and services available that may be of interest to You.
Copyright © 1997-2020 Pacific Health Brokers.
All rights reserved.