http://www.nnndeal.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
The NNNDeal.com website and our mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”) are a service of NNNDeal.com, a California corporation. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, protect, and disclose information and data when you use the Site. This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information (defined below). By accessing or using the Site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.WE MAY REVISE THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME. WHEN WE DO, WE WILL ALSO REVISE THE “LAST UPDATED” DATE AT THE TOP OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR REGULARLY REVIEWING THE CURRENT PRIVACY POLICY. THE MOST CURRENT VERSION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY CAN BE REVIEWED BY CLICKING ON THE “PRIVACY POLICY” LINK LOCATED AT THE BOTTOM OF OUR WEB PAGES. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SITE AFTER WE POST ANY REVISIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ANY SUCH REVISIONS.What information do we collect from this Site?Personal InformationWe collect personal information that you provide to us (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is information that tells us who you are such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. We collect this information when you register to use this Site, use any of our services, update or modify information that is maintained on the Site, register for an event, and at other times. We also may receive Personal Information through the use of social media websites and services. We may receive information about you from these and other sources. How do we use the information that we collect?Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we use Personal Information for our internal purposes and the internal purposes of our affiliates only.  Internal purposes include, but are not limited to, our use of Personal Information to provide you with the Site, to establish your online account, to send you information and reports about types of properties that you may be interested in, to contact you directly about properties that you may be interested in, to provide you with any other services you request, to notify you of new products or services offered by NNNDeal.com or any of its affiliates, and to otherwise communicate with you about NNNDeal.com and any of its affiliates. We may also use Personal Information to send you marketing communications and e-mails about the Site, and our services, respond to e-mails, provide customer support, and other similar matters.How the information collected is disclosed?Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, (a) we do not sell, rent, or trade with unaffiliated third parties any Personal Information that you provide to us through the Site, and (b) we do not share such information with unaffiliated third parties.Service ProvidersWe may disclose Personal Information about you to third parties who provide services to us and who agree to maintain such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy (“Service Providers”). These Service Providers may provide a variety of services to us including, without limitation, hosting of and maintenance for this Site, processing and storing user information and data, updating your customer information records in our database (including address verification), conducting marketing and promotions, and sending or coordinating the sending of marketing communications on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. We do not authorize Service Providers to make any use of your information other than as specified by NNNDeal.com.Compliance with Laws and Law EnforcementWe may disclose Personal Information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms of Use or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of the Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may also disclose Personal Information or other information when we believe that the law requires it and when we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas).Other TransfersWe may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with NNNDeal.com. If NNNDeal.com is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, the new entity plans to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.Do you have a choice as to whether to provide information to us?You can choose not to provide Personal Information to us. However, if you do not provide such information, you may not be able to access or use certain portions of the Site or our services.How do we protect the security of your information?We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal information. However, although we employ such safeguards, information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems connected to the Internet is never 100% secure. As a result, we cannot nor do we ensure, warrant, or guarantee the security or integrity of such information.How do we protect children’s privacy?The Site is intended for users who are 18 years old or older. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.Does the Site contain links to other websites?While you are using the Site, you may be linked or directed to other third party websites outside of the Site that are beyond our control. A link to a third party’s website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from ours. Please review the privacy policies of these websites. We are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.Where is information stored?Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store information in the United States, in addition to other jurisdictions, including Canada. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using the Site, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.Contact InformationWe welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. Please send any comments to us by email at: info@nnndeal.com.
GET IN TOUCH WITH US
Toll Free:
888.NNN.DEAL
Direct:
818.907.9525
Email:
info@nnndeal.com
Corporate Office:
16830 Ventura Blvd. Suite 100,
Encino, CA 91436
© 2020 Lior Regenstreif, NNN Deal, Inc., and Marcus & Millichap, All Rights Reserved.  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer
Home
Who We Are
What We Do
Properties For Sale
Transaction Record
News & Market
1031 Exchange
Giving Back
Contact Us