http://www.cpiequipment.com/privacy-policy/
info
question
delivery
map-marker
pin
compass
pdf
external-link
plus
minus
arrow icon
error
play-circle
Search Icon
twitter
facebook
linkedin
pinterest
google-plus
youtube
instagram
Delivery & Pickup*
7 Days a Week
*Delivery & Pickup Available for Large Equipment Rentals 7 Days a Week. Minimum 1-day rental.
Rent Now
My Store
Rock Hill, SC 29730
Store #HD1114
(803) 909-2400
2815 Home Depot Blvd
Rock Hill, SC 29730
Store Details
Find Another Store
Temporary 9 p.m. Daily Store Closures, In-Store Returns & Other COVID-19 Actions. Learn more >
Home
Privacy Policy
Select a store
Zip, City, State, or Store #
Use my location
Find A Store
Can't find what you're looking for?Call 1-888-266-7228 or send us an email
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting CompactPowerRents.com (“Website” or “Site”). This Privacy Policy tells you how The Home Depot uses personal information collected in association with the operation of this Site. While this Site is powered by The Home Depot, please note that HomeDepot.com is a separate website, and its Privacy and Security Statement can be found here. Please read this Privacy Policy before using the Site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted, and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the Privacy Policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy are for this Website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
What Do We Collect?
We may collect the following categories of personal information for the business or commercial purposes listed below in the Why Do We Collect Personal Information section:
Identifiers. Information such as name, email address, phone number, username, physical address, device identifier, IP address, government-issued identification number, date of birth/age, and social media handle.
Internet Activity. Activity such as browsing history, search history, and information about your interaction with our Website and advertisements.
Commercial Information. Information such as projects requested, reviews you submit, offers and quotes made, and services purchased.
Payment Information. Information such as payment card number.
Demographic Information. Information such as gender and age.
Location Information. Information such as location based on IP address.
Audio Recordings. Recordings from support calls.
Inferences. Information regarding your preferences, interests, and other characteristics.
To review or make changes to your personal information, please contact one of our customer agents at 866.437.3682.
How Do We Collect Information?
We collect personal information directly from you.
For example, we collect personal information when you:
use the Website;
register on the Website;
use our products or services; or
participate in surveys.
We may receive personal information from and share personal information with The Home Depot and companies that are controlled by or under common control with The Home Depot.
We may collect personal information from a variety of third parties. For example, we may collect information from:
marketing companies that help us learn about interests and trends;
online advertising and analytics providers;
social media platforms;
friends or associates (such as for a refer a friend program);
companies that help us process payments;
service providers that operate on our behalf and collect information;
financial institutions and other companies that help provide or support financial products and offers; and
security and fraud prevention providers.
Why Do We Collect Personal Information?
As explained in detail above in the ‘What Do We Collect’ section, in general, we collect and use your personal information to:
deliver the products and services that you have requested;
manage your account and provide you with customer support;
register you on the Website;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, and/or mobile devices or send newsletters about products or services that may be of interest to you;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Site and other sites;
learn about trends and customer preferences;
identify devices you use to access digital content;
create anonymous data records from such information;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
fraud prevention and security;
enforce our terms and conditions;
manage our business; and
perform functions as otherwise described to you in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
In addition, we may use your personal information to market to you, and provide you with information about our products and services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
Sharing and Distribution of Personal Information
We may share your personal information for our business purposes and as legally required or permitted by law. Please see below for examples of circumstances in which we share information. We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared.
Circumstances under which we may share your personal information:
We may share all of the following categories of personal information for the business purposes identified in this section below:
Identifiers
Internet Activity
Commercial Information
Payment Information
Demographic Information
Location Information
Audio Recordings
Inferences
To Facilitate Our Use of Third Party Services. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, direct marketing campaigns and User credit card information storage. We will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
To Comply with Laws and Law Enforcement. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any personal information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of us or a third-party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
In Connection with Business Transfers. We may sell, transfer, or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personal information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your personal information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
To Provide Information to  Affiliates. We may share your personal information with a company controlled by, or under common control with, The Home Depot for any purpose permitted by this Privacy Policy.
We do not share your information with third parties in exchange for money. We do share your information with third parties to enhance your experiences with us, to improve our ability to serve you, and to keep you aware of our products, services, and offers.  California law may treat some such disclosures as sales, and the following categories of personal information are included in these disclosures:
Identifiers
Internet Activity
Commercial Information
Demographic Information
Location Information
Inferences
Commitment to Data Security
While we use industry standard means to protect our Website and your information, the Internet is not 100% secure. The measures we use are appropriate for the type of information we collect. We cannot promise that your use of our Website will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. Online access to your personal information is protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not share your password and that you use unique passwords for all of your online accounts.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you live in California and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a list of the personal information we have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We will also give you a list of the third parties that have received your information. You can make a request one time each year, by emailing or writing to us at the address below. Please mention in your letter that you are making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. We will respond within 30 days.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the following privacy rights:
Right to Know: Consumers have a right to request information about the personal information that we collect, use, disclose, and sell.
Right to Delete: Consumers have a right to request the deletion of personal information that we have collected from them, though we may be permitted to retain personal information for certain purposes.
Right to Opt out of Sales: We do not share your information with third parties in exchange for money. We do share your information with third parties to enhance your experiences with us, to improve our ability to serve you, and to keep you aware of our products, services, and offers. California law may treat some such disclosures as sales, and consumers have a right to direct us not to sell their personal information. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of children under 16.
Right to Opt out of Financial Incentive Programs that we may offer.
Non-Discrimination: We may not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We may, however, provide a different level of service or charge a different rate if the difference is reasonably related to the value of your information.
At this time, personal information collected from Business-to-Business (“B2B”) customers is largely exempted from the requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). However, the CCPA does provide B2B customers with the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information.
Some of the tracking tools used on our Website and other digital services may involve the sharing of personal information with third parties in exchange for their support in enhancing your experiences with us, improving our ability to serve you, or keeping you aware of our products, services, and offers.  Some of this sharing may qualify as a sale under the CCPA. To exercise your choices regarding those tools on this Site, please read the Controlling Our Tracking Tools section below.
If you are a California resident, excluding B2B customers as noted above, or an authorized agent acting on behalf of a California resident, and would like to exercise your Right to Know (Access) or Right to Delete, please visit our website here or call us at 1-800-394-1326. For help submitting a request in one of our stores, please visit the customer service desk. Please note that we may require additional information from you in order to honor your request, and there may be circumstances where we will not honor your request, as permitted under the CCPA. For example, if you request deletion, we may need to retain certain personal information to comply with our legal obligations.
Please note that due to this Site being a separate website from HomeDepot.com, the process provided on HomeDepot.com to opt out of the sale of your personal information will not work for this Site. Please follow the directions found below in the section below entitled “Controlling Our Tracking Tools” to help you opt out of the sale of your personal information while using this Site.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personal information, cookies may be tied to such information.
Controlling Our Tracking Tools
This section provides you with information about the options available to you to control our tracking tools for this Website.  Some of our tracking tools share information with third parties in exchange for their support in enhancing your experiences with us, improving our ability to serve you, or keeping you aware of our products, services, and offers.  Such disclosures may be considered sales under certain laws even though we do not sell your personal information to third parties for money.  The options below will help you opt out of such sales.
Disable browser cookies: Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies, some of which may enable third parties to collect data about your use of our Website.  You can adjust your browser settings to block all cookies. Certain browsers also allow you to limit the blocking of cookies to specific websites. Instructions for blocking cookies on commonly used browsers can be found at the links below. You will need to adjust the settings on each browser and on each device for which you wish to block cookies. Please note that disabling cookies may limit the functionality of our Website. If you disable cookies on your browser or device and you registered an opt out preference on HomeDepot.com (and perhaps other sites), the opt out will no longer work.
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Chrome
Instructions for blocking cookies from a specific website
Firefox
Instructions for blocking cookies from a specific website
Safari
Disable Flash cookies: Third parties may collect data about your usage of our Website via Flash cookies. To disable Flash cookies, follow these instructions. This setting will need to be adjusted on each device for which you wish to block Flash cookies.
Exercise interest-based advertising opt outs: Certain coalitions of advertisers allow consumers to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from members of the coalitions. Please follow the links below to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from members of these coalitions. You will need to exercise these opt outs on each browser on each device for which you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising.  Please note that if you disable cookies, the opt out tools below will not function properly.
Digital Alliance Advertising opt out
Network Advertising Initiative opt out
Limit mobile device interest-based advertising: You can adjust your advertising preferences on mobile devices through your device settings:
iOS Devices: Go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising (at the bottom of the screen) > Turn on Limit Ad Tracking
Android Devices: Go to Google Settings > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads
If you take the opt out steps for this Website described above, you may still see general audience advertising regarding our products and services. We may deliver advertising to a general audience or place advertising on websites and other platforms that relate to our advertisements. For example, if you take the opt out steps described above and visit an equipment rental website, you may see advertising on the website that promotes products and services related to the content.
We may update this section from time to time with information about new tools that may be available to you to register your preferences.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below:By Phone: 866.437.3682 - Ask to speak with the marketing department. You can write us at: The Home Depot, Attention: Privacy Customer Care, 2455 Paces Ferry Road, Atlanta, GA 30339-4024.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Last Revision Date: July 2020
Previous Effective Date: February 2020
Give us your feedback
Help us improve this website by providing your feedback.
Take survey
Equipment Safety Disclaimer
The documentation within this section provides general safety information and operating instructions by equipment type. Specific controls, functionality and operating instructions can vary by brand, model and year. It is up to you, the operator, to ensure your own safety. This documentation is secondary to the manufacturer’s instructions provided to you within the operations manual located on each machine. If an operations manual is not available on the machine, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care Center at 1-888-COMPACT. The manuals can also be viewed and downloaded from our website at the following address compactpowerrents.com/manuals-specifications.
Terms and Conditions
Product specifications and prices are subject to change without notice or obligation. The photographs and/or drawings in this document are for illustrative purposes only. Refer to the appropriate Operator’s Manual for instructions on the proper use of this equipment. Failure to follow the appropriate Operator's Manual when using our equipment or to otherwise act irresponsibly may result in serious injury or death.
First Name*
Last Name*
E-mail*
Phone*
I am a*
DIY
PRO
I Accept the Terms and Conditions *
Company Phone*
Submit
* Required Information
Sign Up for Email
Get the latest promotions, news, and project tips for DIYers & PROs.
First Name*
Last Name*
E-mail*
Phone
City*
State*
Expand list
AB
AK
AL
AR
AZ
BC
CA
CO
CT
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MB
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NB
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NL
NM
NS
NV
NY
OH
OK
ON
OR
PA
PE
QC
RI
SC
SD
SK
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY
I am a*
DIY
PRO
Company Phone*
Thanks for your submission!
Sorry, but we ran into a problem. Please try again.