http://www.zadwholesalejewelry.com/privacy-statement.html
The website uses cookies to allow us to better understand how the site is used. By continuing to use this site, you consent to this policy. Click to learn more.
Change settings
OK
Menu
NEW
Best Sellers
Face Masks & Bandanas
All Face Masks & Bandanas Face Masks
Mask Chain Necklaces
Children's Face Masks
Bandanas
Carded Collections
All Carded Collections Bottled Jewelry
Carded Sets
Carded Charm Necklaces
Chakra Healing Jewelry
Charm Pull Bracelets
Classic Chain Anklets
Enamel Post Earring Sets
Essential Oil Jewelry
Genuine Stone Jewelry
Minimalist Charm Jewelry
Morse Code Jewelry
Origami Animal Necklaces
Picture Perfect Jewelry
Pressed Flower Jewelry
Word Jewelry
Necklaces
All Necklaces Short Necklaces (16-23")
Long Necklaces (24"+)
Layered Necklaces
Men's Necklaces
Bracelets
All Bracelets Bangles
Bracelet Sets
Clasp Bracelets
Cuff Bracelets
Men's & Unisex Bracelets
Stretch Bracelets
Wrap & Pull Bracelets
Anklets
Earrings
All Earrings Dangle Earrings
Hoop Earrings
Post Earrings
Rings
All Rings Knuckle Rings
Ring Sets
Fashion Rings
Men's Rings
Toe Rings
Accessories
All Accessories Apparel
Bandanas
Blue Light Blocker Eyeglasses
Eyeglass Holders
Gifts
Hair Accessories
Mask Chains
Patches
Scarves
Sunglasses
Watches
Displays
All Displays Jewelry Programs
Display Fixtures
Clearance
All Clearance Newly Reduced
Bargain Basement - $1 or Less!
Sale Accessories
Sale Anklets & Toe Rings
Sale Apparel
Sale Bracelets
Sale Earrings
Sale Necklaces
Sale Programs & Displays
Sale Rings
Home'ZAD - Wholesale Fashion JewelryPRIVACY STATEMENT
PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
ZAD Fashion Inc will be what’s known as the “Controller” of the personal data you provide to us.
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
2. CONSENT
When you provide us with personal information to create an account, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, on your account page by using our contact us form or by contacting us at info@zad.com
3. DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
4. PAYMENTS
We use a third party payment processor(s) to process payments made to us.
5. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
6. SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the United States and for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the United States on a secure server behind a firewall. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so.
We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
Cookies
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
$XCART_SESSION_NAME  (xid_...), Remembers the user's shopping cart contents. Remembers the user's personal account information (name, address, orders history, etc)
eucl_cookie_access EU Cookie Law module cookie; stores the user's cookie preferences
$XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'C_remember'
$XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'B_remember'
$XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'A_remember'
$XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'P_remember'
Allow to restore the user's context (store codes that allow the site to know where to redirect the user after log-in, store some parameters for wishlist and special offers bonuses pages)
adv_campaignid
adv_campaignid_time
Remember the user's membership in an affiliate program (if any)
mailchimp_campaignid
mailchimp_landing_site
Stores MailChimp campaign ID and landing site
partner_clickid
partner
partner_time
Allow collection of statistics on the user's purchases
GreetingCookie Remembers the user's name for the greeting message
store_language Remembers the user's language preferences
RefererCookie Stores the URL of the site from which the user came to the store
7. AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
9. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Data Protection Officer at info@zad.com
×
Continue
Close