http://www.nihonkohden.com/privacy/index.html
Careers
News
Global
Select Region
Europe & CIS
Middle East & Africa
Asia Pacific
North America
Central & South America
Our Philosophy
Our Philosophy
Corporate Philosophy
History
Recent Events
Our Technology
Our Technology
Key Technologies
Business Areas and Products
Commitment to High Quality and Reliability
Safety Data Sheet
Recycling Passport
Declaration of Conformity (RE DIRECTIVE 2014/53/EU)
Safety and Performance Information
Investor Relations
Investor Relations
Philosophy & Strategy
Financial Data
Reports & Presentations
Stock Information
IR Policy
IR Calendar
Sustainability
Sustainability
Top Message
Sustainability Policy
Sustainability Management
Corporate Governance
Compliance
Environment
Community Involvement
Sustainability Data
Report Library
Company Profile
Company Profile
Philosophy & Strategy
Overview
News
History
Trade Shows and Medical Congresses
Global Top
Privacy Policy
Nihon Kohden is committed to safeguard the privacy and personal information of every web site visitor to the maximum extent possible.
When you fill out an online form for requesting information, Nihon Kohden may acquire name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and other personal information.
All personal information received through our web site shall be handled according to the following rules that have been established by Nihon Kohden to ensure protection of privacy of personal information.
When personal information is requested, Nihon Kohden shall clearly indicate the purpose in which it will be used and request only that information which is appropriate to the purpose.
Nihon Kohden shall employ strict policies to ensure appropriate handling of personal information and prevent fraudulent access, loss, damage, falsification or disclosure of personal information.
With the exception of the following situations, Nihon Kohden shall not provide or disclose personal information to any third party.
When the customer consents in advance.
When necessary for service by Nihon Kohden, some necessary, limited personal information may be supplied or disclosed to a third party which has an agreement of maintenance of confidentiality with Nihon Kohden.
When it is judged to be appropriate, such as in relation to customer inquiry or after sales service, some personal information may be supplied or disclosed to a third party upon request when the third party has an agreement of maintenance of confidentiality with Nihon Kohden.
When disclosure is required for other legal reasons.
When personal information is supplied or disclosed to other parties in cases mentioned in item 3. above, those parties shall be bound and obligated by contract or agreement to handle the personal information with the same degree of appropriateness as Nihon Kohden.
When the customer wishes to inquire about, confirm or amend personal information, Nihon Kohden shall quickly take reasonable action to comply.
Nihon Kohden shall observe laws and other standards in regard to protecting personal information.
Nihon Kohden is committed to continuous review and upgrading of its protection and handling of personal information.