https://www.woccu.org/privacy
Home > Privacy Policy
Share
Privacy Policy
Welcome to WOCCU.org. It is an informational tool provided and owned by the World Council of Credit Unions, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies (collectively, “WOCCU”). WOCCU respects the privacy of each user who visits our website. WOCCU has adopted this Web Site Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to memorialize WOCCU’s current data collection and disclosure policies and practices for this website and its related web pages (the “Site”).
Consent
By using the Site, you consent to this Policy. If you do not consent to this Policy, please refrain from use of the Site. All information gathered from the Site will be stored and processed in the United States. If you access the Site from a location other than the United States, your use of the Site constitutes consent to the transfer of your information to the United States.
Collection of Information
WOCCU may collect personally identifiable information from users at certain locations on the Site (such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or credit card information for online purchases). WOCCU also collects non-personal and anonymous information from users to be used in an aggregate fashion. For example, WOCCU may collect system-related information, such as an IP address, browser type and operating system type to be used for system administration purposes, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to monitor traffic patterns, to determine which services are used most frequently and to assess site usage. WOCCU may retain information we gather about you indefinitely.
This Site may contain links to other Websites. WOCCU is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of Websites not owned by WOCCU that you may link to or that may be linked from this Site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such Websites so that you understand how those companies collect, use and share your information. This Policy applies solely to the information that WOCCU collects on this Site and does not apply to information WOCCU may collect by any alternative means or media.
Purpose and Use of Information
Generally, WOCCU uses the information it gathers to operate and improve the Site and WOCCU’s services, to create a positive user experience and to deliver various products and services we offer. We may also use information we gather to inform you of new products or services available or under consideration, technical issues, customer satisfaction surveys or account updates and related purposes. Except as otherwise provided in this Policy, WOCCU presently does not intend to sell, rent or provide access to your personally identifiable information to third parties that are not affiliated with or providing services to WOCCU. WOCCU reserves the right to elect to disclose the information to third parties that are managing conference registrations or money transfer network connections.
If you do not wish WOCCU to sell, rent or provide access to your personally identifiable information to third parties for the purposes disclosed above, or if you would like WOCCU to use your personally identifiable information in a manner inconsistent with the purposes disclosed above, you may “opt-out” of such uses by contacting mail@woccu.org.
Disclosure of Information
WOCCU may disclose personally identifiable and aggregate anonymous information to companies and individuals hired to perform functions on our behalf. These companies and individuals may have access to your personal information to perform their functions.
If one of WOCCU’s business lines or the entire business, or a substantial portion thereof, is acquired or transferred, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase of a substantial portion of assets, or otherwise, WOCCU may disclose and transfer your personally identifiable information to such third party acquiring WOCCU. In addition, if WOCCU becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, WOCCU or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, assign, license or otherwise transfer such information in a transaction approved by the appropriate court. WOCCU may also disclose your personal information to third parties when we believe, in good faith and in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) enforce or apply the terms and conditions of this Site; (b) comply with legal or regulatory requirements; (c) protect the rights, property or safety of WOCCU, our users or other third parties; or (d) prevent a crime or protect national security.
WOCCU may disclose aggregate anonymous information to its clients, business partners, merchants, advertisers, potential advertisers, investors, potential buyers and other third parties if WOCCU deems such disclosure, in its sole discretion, to have sound business reasons or justification.
When you access or use WOCCU services or the Site through any co-branded Websites or linked Web pages, your personal information may be disclosed to and become the property of both WOCCU and the relevant co-sponsor. In that case, the use of your personally identifiable information by the co-sponsor company will be subject to the privacy policy of that company, and WOCCU is not responsible for nor subject to the co-sponsor’s policy regarding their use of your personally identifiable information. Accordingly, we encourage you to review the privacy policies and practices of any relevant co-sponsor before supplying any personal information.
Access to Information
You have the right to access your personal information held by WOCCU. You also generally have the right to correct, amend, or delete such information where it is inaccurate, except where the burden or expense of providing access is disproportionate to your privacy concerns, or where the rights of persons other than you would be violated. For access to your personal information, please contact WOCCU at mail@woccu.org.
Cookies
WOCCU uses "cookies" for the convenience of our users and to enhance your experience using the Site. A cookie is a small text file that is recorded either temporarily or persistently on your hard drive by a Web page server and is not used to deliver viruses or other harmful programs to your computer. Rather, cookies enable WOCCU to recognize a user without requiring the user to repeatedly log in when using the Site or other WOCCU websites. By relying on cookies, WOCCU is able to deliver a more efficient service that is more personalized for each user. Additionally, cookies allow WOCCU to monitor traffic patterns, Site usage, and session information, such as items that you add to a shopping cart, which help make the Site more useful.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. If you prefer, you generally have the option of setting your browser to decline cookies. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is created and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis or to accept cookies from Websites that meet certain disclosure and use specifications.
Children
The Site is not intended for children. WOCCU does not knowingly or specifically collect personal information from users under 18 years of age. In the event that WOCCU becomes aware that it has collected personal information from a user under 18 years of age, it will take steps to delete such information from its database. WOCCU does not authorize users under 18 years of age to use the Site or WOCCU services.
Security
WOCCU uses industry-based encryption technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged through this Site. We also have security measures in place at our physical facilities to help protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Site. Although we have implemented various measures to help protect your information, WOCCU does not guarantee the security of any information.
Policy Changes
WOCCU reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. In particular, WOCCU may modify this Policy to reflect changes in the way we collect, use or disclose information or to reflect changes in privacy laws, regulations and/or industry standards. We encourage you to review this Policy when accessing the Site. Continued use of the Site following changes indicates your acceptance of the changes. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary e-mail address we have on file or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Applicable Law
This Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin, without regard to conflicts of law principles, and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any dispute arising out of this Policy shall be the state courts or district federal courts of Wisconsin.
Contact Information
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your information, please contact us at:
Senior Manager, Contracts & Grants World Council of Credit Unions 5710 Mineral Point Rd Madison, WI 53705E-mail: helpdesk@woccu.org
Our website uses cookies to function correctly. If you continue or close this message, you automatically grant permission for the use of cookies. More about cookies »
Close