http://www.jacksongrills.com/about-us/privacy-policy.php
Dealer Login
Where to Buy
Where to Buy
About Us
True Quality »
Where to Buy »
Become a Dealer »
Recipes »
Reviews »
Current Warranty »
Videos »
Photo Gallery »
Contact Us »
Our Products
Supreme Series »
850 Built-in Series
700 Series
550 Series
Lux Series »
400 Series
550 Series
700 Series
Keystone Series »
400 Series
550 Series
700 Series
Versa Series »
75 Series
100 Series
Outdoor Kitchens »
2 Drawer System
3 Drawer System
10" by 10" access door
14" by 20" access door
15" Outdoor Beverage Center
15" Outdoor Ice Maker
15" Outdoor Refrigerator
17" by 24" Access Door
30" Combo Door Drawer
30" Double Doors
Cocktail Center
Double Side Burner System
Ice Chest
Island Grillstone
Paper Towel Holder
Searing Burner System
Single Side Burner System
Stainless Steel Vent
Trash Bin
Zero Clearance Kit
Fire Features »
Customer Care
Product Registration »
Replacement Parts »
Troubleshooting »
Grilling Tips »
Care & Maintenance »
Documentation »
Technical Bulletins »
Warranty »
Reviews
Contact
outdoor grills
outdoor barbecues
outdoor bbqs
portable grills
gas barbecues
gas grills
About Us
True Quality »
Where to Buy »
Become a Dealer »
Recipes »
Reviews »
Current Warranty »
Videos »
Photo Gallery »
Contact Us »
True Quality Play Video
Privacy Policy
Jackson Grills Privacy Policy
Below is the privacy policy for www.jacksongrills.com. This policy information is only collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Our Commitment to You
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
On some pages you may contact us by email and we collect no personal information other than what is provided to us. We use the information you provide about yourself to contact you in follow up with your inquiry/order/comment.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-888-287-3333 or send us an email at info@jacksongrills.com
Discover Jackson Grills
»  Supreme Series Grills
»  Lux Series Grills
»  Versa Series Grills
»  Outdoor Kitchens
»  Fire Features
»  Current Warranty
Customer Care
»  Product Registration
»  Replacement Parts
»  Maintenance Tips
»  Manuals & Brochures
»  Technical Bulletins
»  Warranty - My Grill
Find us Elsewhere
Like us on Facebook
Find us on Youtube
Follow us on Houzz
Newsletter Signup
Interested in staying up to date with what's going on at Jackson Grills?
Your e-mail is safe with us!
info@jacksongrills.com
1-888-287-3333
#106-2480 Mt. Lehman Rd.
Abbotsford, BC V4X 2N3
Canada
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 Jackson Grills™.
All Rights Reserved
Website By: FirstPage Marketing
Jackson Grills Inc is Located in Abbotsford, British Columbia and offers a diverse family of products. Their luxurious products include: outdoor barbecue, outdoor grills, gas barbecues, gas grills, portable barbecues, portable grills, outdoor fire features, camping barbecues, camping grills, outdoor kitchen appliances, bbq, bbqs, barbecue, barbecues, grill, grills, outdoor barbecue, gas barbecue, gas grill, outdoor fire pit, gas fire features, premier series, custom outdoor kitchen, outdoor kitchen, outdoor grills, 3 burner, 4 burner, three burner, four burner, btu, btu's, electronic ignition, double wall, rotisserie kit, stainless steel, smoker recipe, in Canada and the USA.