http://www.turktrans.net/privacy.html
welcome
to turktrans.net
home
|
sitemap
|
contact us
translators |
services
| portfolio
| tools
| get
a quote | blog
menu
home
translators
services
portfolio
tools
cost estimator
get a quote
resources
snippets
cost estimator
Our simple to use
cost estimator enables you to estimate the cost of your Turkish translation / localization projects easily.
get a
quote now!
Please
use this simple form to get a quote. It is free and takes no
time.
snippet
CAT Analysis
Repeats Count: How should we analyze and how much
should we charge for repeat counts? Click above to read.
Privacy
Policy
All members of our Turkish translation team are deeply committed to the privacy of our clients and visitors.
We despise
spam, and ascribe paramount importance to maintaining the privacy of our clients and visitors.
Turktrans does not participate in or tolerate sending
unsolicited commercial emails (SPAM).
Turktrans.net respects the privacy and rights of its visitors. No effort is made to identify visitors without their knowledge and explicit consent.
When a visitor visits any page from the Turktrans.net, our Web server automatically logs the browser's domain name and IP address. This data is collected solely for statistical purposes and is not used to identify individuals.
To enable Turktrans.net to track any returning visits, we may send a cookie to visitors' computer. This information is collected solely to improve the services that we currently offer to you and statistical purposes.
Turktrans.net maintains a strict "no-spam" policy. E-mail addresses of any clients and visitors will not be sold or disclosed to third parties.
Turktrans.net has implemented measures to prevent any unauthorized access to online data.
Confidentiality
Turktrans.net is fully aware of the needs of its esteemed clients for privacy and confidentiality. All inquiries, information, as well as all orders submitted are kept strictly confidential. We do not disclose the names of or any other information supplied by our clients to third parties unless a prior and explicit permission is obtained, for example, in the form of a letter of reference or a testimonial.
All translation projects, as well as contents thereof are treated with outmost confidentiality. We would be happy to sign a confidentiality agreement if you require. If you do not have your own, you may use the template Non-Disclosure Agreement supplied here.
Furthermore, you may require encryption and secure delivery for sensitive documents. Sensitive documents are encrypted with archiving tools and passwords and delivered through special channels accessible only by the relevant
person(s).
Please note that all completed projects shall be kept on electronic medium for 2 years for archiving purposes unless instructed otherwise. Therefore, please specify in your orders if you require destruction of all materials after the delivery of translated projects.
Turktrans takes reasonable measures to keep all information from our online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. However, Turktrans may contain links to other sites, and although we make every effort to link to sites that are relevant, reliable, and of high standard, we hereby disclaim any warranties whatsoever with respect to such external links. We may not be held responsible for the contents thereof, or any losses, incidental or otherwise, arising from or in connection with using any services offered by such external sites.
what is
new
We
are redesigning Turktrans.  Meanwhile, please feel free to contact us for any
queries you may have.
blog
hot bloopers
freelancer
thinking out loud
internet
privacy
policy | terms
| disclaimer
Copyright (c) 2004-2005 turktrans.net
design by S.B.