https://www.cosmosbank.com/general/privacy/
Internet Banking
At Cosmos Bank, we are committed to helping you meet all your banking needs to the best of our ability. You can access internet banking portal of our website at any hour of the day. There are no fixed timings to use the facilities.
Moreover, enjoy the luxury of getting all the work accomplished at the comfort of your home or office, at any hour that is preferable for you
Login
Plot No-6, S.No-132/B, ICS Colony, Ganeshkhind Road, Pune
+91-20-67086708
customercare@cosmosbank.in
Weekdays 10 AM to 6 PM Sunday : Closed
Privacy
HomeGeneralPrivacy
Privacy
1. Who are covered under this statement?
All persons (natural & artificial) i.e. covered persons whose personal information is either collected/ received/ possessed/ stored/ dealt in/ handled by The Cosmos Co-operative Bank Ltd (the Bank) or who visit the site (http://www.cosmosbank.com) and provide information to the Bank in online mode, are covered under this statement.
2. Information covered by this statement
This statement seeks to cover personal information of the covered persons provided to the Bank as also any information collected by the Bank’s server from the visitor’s browser, it means any of the following:
Personal/ private information of the covered person
Sensitive personal data or information
3. Definitions used under this statement
“Personal information” means any information that relates to a covered person, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with a body corporate, is capable of identifying such person.
“Sensitive personal data or information” of a person means such personal information which consists of information relating to:
Password
Financial information such as Bank account/ credit card/ debit card/ other payment instrument details.
Features of the statement:
1. When you visit this website, the Bank may collect personal information about you, either directly (where you are asked to provide the information) or indirectly. While information is the cornerstone of our ability to provide superior services, our most important asset is our customers’ ‘Trust’. The Bank will only use personal information in accordance with the purposes set forth in this Privacy Statement and is committed to safeguarding the personal information collected following strict standards of security and confidentiality.
2. We will limit the collection and use of customers’ personal/ sensitive information to the minimum required to deliver superior services to our customers, which includes advising the Bank’s customers about our products, services and other opportunities, and to administer our business.
3. The Bank agrees to safeguard and ensure the security of the information provided by the customer. The Bank uses 256-bit encryption, for the transmission of the information.
4. We will permit only authorised users, who are trained in proper handling of customer information, to have access to said information. Such users who violate the Bank’s Privacy Statement will be subject to our disciplinary action.
5. In order to maintain the security of our systems, protect our staff, record transactions, and, in certain circumstances, to prevent and detect crime or unauthorized activities, the Bank reserves the right to monitor all internet communications including web and email traffic into its domains.
6. The Bank respects the privacy of your personal information. Any personal information provided by you to the Bank through this website will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with the services you have requested at this website and for other related purposes including improving the design and marketing of our range of services and related products for customer use, updating and enhancing the Bank’s records, development of web statistics, understanding your financial needs, advising you of other products and services which may be of interest to you and for fraud prevention purposes.
7. The Bank may also share your Information without obtaining your prior written consent, with government agencies mandated under the law to obtain information for the purpose of verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, prosecution, and punishment of offences, or where disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation. Any information may be required to be disclosed to any third party by us by an order under the law for the time being in force.
8. We will not reveal customer information to any external organization/ third party service providers of the Bank unless we have previously informed the customer in disclosures or agreements, or authorized by the customer, or are required by law. The Bank disclaims any liability arising from use or disclosure of information to any external organization.
9. The customer authorizes the Bank to exchange, share, part with all information related to the details and transaction history of the customers to its financial institutions/ credit bureaus/ agencies/ participation in any telecommunication or electronic clearing network/ banking, credit cards, consumer finance, insurance and securities or as may be required by law, customary practice, credit reporting, statistical analysis and credit scoring, verification or risk management.
10. The Bank disclaims any liability for any damage or loss suffered by the customer as a result of sharing of information with any of the parties as mentioned above.
11. The customers shall not disclose to any other person, in any manner whatsoever, any information, relating to the Bank or its group companies, of a confidential nature obtained in the course of availing the services through the website. Failure to comply with this obligation shall be deemed a serious breach of the terms herein and shall entitle the Bank or its group companies to terminate the services, without prejudice to any damages, to which the customer may be entitled otherwise.
12. It is recommended that the customers necessarily choose their passwords carefully so that no unauthorized access is made by a third party. To make the password complex and difficult for others to guess, the customers should use combination of alphabets, numbers and special characters (e.g. !, @, #, $ etc.). The customers should undertake not to disclose their password to anyone or keep any written or other record of the password such that a third party could access it.
13. Data provided by the customers is retained as long as the purpose for which the data was collected continues. The data is then destroyed unless its retention is required to satisfy legal, regulatory or accounting requirements or to protect the Bank’s interests.
14. Please note that this Privacy Statement does not extend to third party sites linked to this web site.
15. If Customer wish to access or correct or delete any of their personal data held by us, or if customer have any questions concerning our Privacy Statement please contact customer home branch or email the requirement to: ibhelp@cosmosbank.in.
16. The Bank reserves the right to amend sections of its prevailing Privacy Statement at any time and will place any such amendments on this website. Please check this statement from time to time for any changes. The effective date of this statement, as stated below, indicates the last time this statement was revised or materially changed. Checking the effective date below allows you to determine whether there have been changes since the last time you reviewed the statement. The statement shall be effective from 1st September 2016.
17. The Bank uses cookies. A cookie is a data file that is written by certain Web sites to your computer’s hard drive when you visit such sites. A cookie file can contain information such as a user identification code that the site uses to track the pages you have visited and use the information commercially. We use transient as well as persistent cookies. Persistent cookies are permanently placed on your computer to store non-personal (Browser, ISP, OS, Clickstream information etc.) and profiling information (age, gender, income etc.). While cookies have unique identification nos, personal information (name, a/c no, contact nos etc.) SHALL NOT be stored on the cookies. The Bank is not responsible for cookies placed in the device of user/s by any other website and information collected thereto.
18. We will use the information stored in the cookies to improve visitor experience through throwing up relevant content wherever possible. We will also use the cookies to store visitor preferences to ease visitor navigation on the site.
Copyrights © 2020 All Rights Reserved by Cosmos Bank. Site best viewed at 1024x768 resolution in I.E. 10 or above, Google Chrome 40 or above, Firefox 37 or above, Safari 8 or above.