http://www.axelrodco.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
800.552.9357
sales@axelrodco.com
7 West 30th StreetNew York, NY 10001Fax: 212.947.3787
You have added 0 items to your quote request.
Edit/Submit Quote
Catalog Index
About Us
General Info
Request Pricing
Contact Us
Shop By Industry
Click
a link below to easily browse product categories that relate to that industry.
Apparel
ASI- Advertising Specialty
Badge/Trophy
Bead Stores/Beading
Bells
Belts/Straps
Bird Toys
Black Plastic Hardware
Bow Ties
Bridal Supply
Camp Crafts
Chain
Charms
Costumes
Crafts Stores/Crafters
Earrings
Eggery
Fabric Stores
Flags
Floral
Footwear
Greeting Cards
Hair Accessories
Handbag
Home Furnishings/Decor
Imitation Pearls
Jewelry Findings
Jewels –Imitation
Key Chains
Lanyard Parts
Lapidary
Leather Goods/ Luggage
Metal/ Plastic Hardware
Millinery (Headwear)
Miniatures
Native American
Pet Products
Religious
Scrapbooking
Uniforms
Upholstery
Western Motifs
Questions?
Have any questions about our products? Want to call in and request a quote? One of our representatives is ready to speak with you.
800.552.9357
sales@axelrodco.com
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This web page describes our privacy policy guidelines regarding the collection and use of personal or corporate information that you provide to us.
This privacy policy was last updated on February 14, 2013. Axelrod may modify the provisions of this privacy policy from time to time. The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted. Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change.
Types of Information We Gather and How We Use It
Axelrod collects information from users of its Web site, potential clients, prospective employees, and alliance relationships to name a few, including the information you provide to us by submitting information to us through use of the site.
Axelrod may keep track of this information and the information that you provide to us when you visit the site for our internal review, business development, research, marketing, and we store this information for the minimal amount of time necessary.
We may also use this information to solicit e-mail for business development, research, marketing or promotional purposes or press inquiries. It is our practice to provide you with an opportunity to opt in for e-mail communications and remove yourself from this distribution list by sending us an e-mail to remove. We store this information in our database and do not plan to share it with third parties, except as described in this policy. If we ever need to share this information with other third parties, we will notify you. At any time you can remove your name and related information from our database, and we will provide you a choice to opt-out if you don't want your information used for any purpose or a particular purpose. You can review and update your information by contacting us at Sales@Axelrodco.com.
Cookies
Axelrod may collect other types of anonymous data from Web site users through the use of "cookies," which are text files that a Web site places on the hard drive of your computer that identifies you as a user. When you return to the web site, your browser sends that information back to the site. Axelrod may use the information provided by cookies to analyze trends, administer the site, or for research and marketing purposes to help us better serve our clients. No personally identifying information from you will be collected as part of these cookies. You can set your browser to notify you before your receive a cookie, giving you a chance to accept it and you can set your browser to turn off cookies.
Links
The Axelrod Web site contains links to other Web sites belonging to alliance partners, clients, and other sites of interest to our users. Axelrod does not control the privacy practices of these other sites. You should make sure that you know when you have left our Web site and, if the Web site you visit collects personal information, that you have read that site's privacy policy.
Children Under 13
If you are under 13, please do not use this site.
Information sharing and disclosure
Axelrod does not provide information about you, except as set forth herein:
We will provide the information collected in the event we are required to provide such information by a court, administrative or governmental order or subpoena or other legal process.
If we believe it is necessary to share your information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of Axelrod's terms of use or as otherwise required by law we will provide the information collected.
In the event of a corporate reorganization, either by an operation of law, merger or purchase of assets, your information may be subject to a different privacy policy which we will make available on our Web site.
Privacy Complaints
If have any questions regarding this policy, believe that Axelrod has not complied with the provisions of this privacy policy or you wish to remove your personal data from our records, please e-mail us at Sales@Axelrodco.com.
General
These are our current privacy policy guidelines that can be modified at any time by Axelrod. This is not a contract.
$100 MINIMUM ORDER
Catalog Index
About Us
General Info
Request Pricing
Contact
800.552.9357
sales@axelrodco.com
7 West 30th StreetNew York, NY 10001Fax: 212.947.3787
© 2004-2020 S. Axelrod Co. LLC   All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use