https://www.towermortgagecorp.com/security_privacy.htm
Security
Practices
Privacy
Pledge
Marketing
Opt-out
Security
The
security of your personal information is our first priority
at Tower Mortgage Corporation. We have taken extraordinary
measures to make sure that the information you send
to us is seen only by authorized people. (Please review
our privacy policy to find out more about who is authorized
to view your information.)
Secure
Web Pages
All
of the pages on our web site that ask for your personal
financial information are delivered to your browser
through HTTPS, a secure server communications layer.
You can check for this encryption by looking for the
key (Netscape) or lock (Internet Explorer) icon on your
browser. If your browser's security feature has been
turned on, a pop up box will notify you when you enter
a secure page.
Encryption
When
you send your personal financial information to us,
it is protected by SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Technology.
SSL does not allow anyone to intercept and read your
personal information. When you send your information
to us, SSL encrypts it (translates the data into a string
of gibberish characters). Only we can decode the encryption.
Firewall
Protection
Your financial information is not kept on our web server,
but on a different computer that is separated from the
Internet. Even in the unlikely event that our web site
is "hacked," your data will still remain secure and
out of reach.
[Back]
Our
Commitment To Privacy
Tower
Mortgage Corporation is committed to your right to privacy.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice
explaining our online information practices and the
choices you can make about the way your information
is collected and used.
The
Information We Collect
When
you inquire online the information you submit is sent
directly to our company using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
technology supporting up to 128-bit encryption to prevent
unauthorized parties from viewing any personal information.
(Please review our security practices to find out more
about this.)
We
also use technology to gather technical information
from your web browser (IP address, operating systems,
etc.); set temporary session cookies on your computer;
and collect anonymous, non-personally identifiable information
about your navigation throughout our website by using
"action tags" or invisible "gifs" placed on our website.
We
only use this information for routine website maintenance;
to establish that you are a unique user; and for purposes
of assessing the effectiveness of our website, products
and services.
The
Way We Use Information
We
only use the information you provide about yourself
when you submit an inquiry online to respond to your
requests for our financial products and services or
to provide you with information about products or services
that may be of value to you. We do not share this information
with outside parties except to the extent necessary
to respond to your request or to futher process your
loan.
We
do use the non-identifying and aggregate technical information
collected to better design our website.
* Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, click here.
[Back]
Tower
Mortgage Corporation may communicate with you from time
to time regarding our products or services. We respect
your time and privacy and do our best to send only information
that we feel is relevant and beneficial to you.
We
understand that you may not be interested in hearing
about money-saving promotions or other exciting programs
or news. Therefore, we always provide you with the opportunity
to opt-out of these communications.
You
may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided
in each e-mail newsletter or by sending an email request
to unsubscribe@towermortgagecorp.com.
[Back]
©
Copyright 2007 - 2020, Tower Mortgage Corp. All rights reserved.
2325 Bryden Rd, Bexley, OH 43209
Security
and Privacy | Licensing | Legal
Information
Home
| Home Purchase | Mortgage
Refinance | Short Sale Services
| Contact Us |
Our Company | Site
Map