http://www.agednet.com/privacy.shtml
Call 1-800-236-7862 for a Free Trial!
AgEdNet.com 1-800-236-7862
Home
Lessons
Lesson Libraries
About Lessons
Lesson Extras
Common Core
Nat. AFNR Standards
Download Lesson List
What's New
Ag News
AgEd Today Menu
Today's Ag News
Timely Topics
Weekly Quiz
About AgEd Today
How To Order
Free Trial for Instructors
Order Info
Download Lesson List
Terms/Copyright
Contact Us
About Us
FAQs
In the News
User Tips
Download Lesson List
About Stewart-Peterson
Terms/Copyright
Contact Us
Search
Links
Login
More Info
FAQs
In the News
Download Lesson List
User Tips
Testimonials
About Stewart-Peterson
Terms/Copyright
Contact Us
AgEdNet.com Privacy Policy
Company information:
AgEdNet.com ("we," "us," and "our") owns and operates the https://www.agednet.com website as a service of Stewart-Peterson, Inc. This Privacy Notice discloses the privacy practices for the AgEdNet.com website https://www.agednet.com and for information we gather from you over the phone, via conventional mail or in person.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, please contact us by mail at 137 South Main St., West Bend WI 53095; by phone at 800-236-7862; by FAX at 1-262-334-6225; or by using our online contact form
Security:
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Information collected on our website is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way using secure socket layer technology (SSL). You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the addresses of our webpages.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
What information we collect:
We collect two types of information: 1) non-personally identifiable information that is routinely gathered as users navigate through a website and 2) personally identifiable information voluntarily supplied by you.
Each time you visit a website, information is automatically gathered such as your IP address, domain name, browser type, the name of the page from which you entered the Website, which pages you view, and for how long you view them. This information is collected in order to improve the website and to analyze how our site is used.
We will use information such as your name, email and school contact information to provide and manage your subscription to AgEdNet.com and to respond to your contacts. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to send an eUpdate you have requested, to answer a question or to complete a subscription request.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We will not rent, sell or share this information with any outside organizations. AgEdNet.com will abide by all applicable laws governing the release of personal information.
Cookies:
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and to identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Orders:
We request information from you on our order form. To purchase a subscription, you must provide contact information, including your name and information about your school. This information is used for billing purposes and to set up your subscription. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Links:
The AgEdNet.com website contains links to other websites and other resources that are provided for your information and convenience. Such links, unless explicitly stated, are not endorsed by AgEdNet.com. The information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy or any other policies or terms applicable to the AgEdNet.com website. We recommend that you review any terms of use and privacy policies of any third party websites linked to the AgEdNet.com website before providing any information to those websites or using their products and services.
Surveys and contests:
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (school name and state). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Opting out of future contacts:
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new products or services, website updates or changes to this Privacy Policy.
You may opt out of future contacts from us at any time. Our eUpdate electronic newsletters contain a link allowing you to unsubscribe from future emails. You may also contact us using the email address or phone number listed in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this privacy notice:
AgEdNet.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will post any revised Privacy Policy on the AgEdNet.com website. The most current version is always available by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link located in the footer at the bottom of the AgEdNet.com website. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will become effective when it is posted. By using any part of the AgEdNet.com website, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website.
Non-U.S. users:
The AgEdNet.com website is hosted and operated in the United States and is subject to United States law. Any personal information that you provide to us is being provided to us in the United States. You consent to the transfer of your personal information to the United States in order to receive services from AgEdNet.com. If you are accessing a website from outside the United States, please be advised that United States law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction.
How to Order
What's New
Terms/Copyright
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 1995-2020 Stewart-Peterson Inc.
All Rights Reserved by STEWART-PETERSON INC
eUpdate Sign Up
Sign Up Today!
Email Address: *
First Name:
Last Name: *
School Name *
Enter the letters above:*
AgEdNet.com, a service of Stewart-Peterson Inc.
Stewart-Peterson Inc. is a publishing company and
a part of the Total Farm Marketing family of companies.
137 South Main Street, West Bend, WI 53095
Phone: 1-800-236-7862, FAX: 1-620-615-7004
Internet address: https://www.agednet.com