http://www.integration-imc.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Our Privacy Policy
Your privacy on integration-imc.com
This website is administered by Integration (Marketing and Communications) LTD ("Integration®"). Integration is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Integration may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 2008.
The following provides an overview of how we protect your privacy during your visit.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name, company and job title
contact information including email address, market
demographic information such as preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you by email or phone. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Information on Integration's web site is gathered in two ways: (1) indirectly (for example, through our site's technology); and (2) directly (for example, when you provide information on various pages of Integration). One example of information we collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you access Integration, your Internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet access logs. We collect information directly from you in a number of ways, some of which we describe in this Privacy Statement. One way is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to Integration-for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated through the site, and what information was of interest to you. The cookies we use identify you merely as a number. We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. Throughout our site, we provide the opportunity to register for an event or webinar, download business cases or research validation documents, or for sending a request to us. When we collect this type of information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
What about sensitive personal data?
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through this site. If we do seek to collect such data, we will ask you to consent to our proposed uses of the data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law as described in this Privacy Statement. The references to "sensitive personal data" are to the various categories of personal data identified by European and other data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent.
What about data security?
We take appropriate steps to maintain the security of your data on our site. You should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended.
If you have any questions now or during your visit, please contact us.
Disclaimer and Intellectual Property Rights
All materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright laws, and may not be reproduced, republished, distributed, transmitted, displayed, broadcast or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express prior written permission of Integration. Items appearing in this website that were originally published by INTEGRATION or its affiliates are the express copyright property of INTEGRATION.
The materials contained in this Website are provided as a service to customers on an "as-is, as-available" basis for informational purposes only. Integration assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions in this Website. Integration makes no commitment to update the information contained herein. Integration
makes no, and expressly disclaims any, representations or warranties, express or implied, regarding this Website, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Under no circumstances shall Integration , their affiliates, or any of their respective partners, officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, special or consequential damages for lost revenues, lost profits, or otherwise, arising from or in connection with this Website, and or its contents.
The download was successful.
The downloaded document was sent to the provided email address.
The downloaded file was not sent.