https://www.maxmachinery.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Our Team
Warranty
Press
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
MMI Privacy Policy
Max Machinery, Inc. (“MMI”) respects your individual privacy. The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. The policy effective as of May 24, 2018, applies to the site www.maxmachinery.com.
The purpose of this Policy is to help you to understand how we collect and use your information, how we protect it, and what your ongoing rights are relative to that information.
Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or issues you may have.  You can contact us by calling us at 707-433-2662.
Contents:
A. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
B. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
C. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
D. WHERE AND HOW WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
E. HOW WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
F. WE ALLOW THIRD PARTIES TO COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
G. HOW WE SHARE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
H. CORRECTING, UPDATING, DELETING AND DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
I. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
J. HOW THIS POLICY IS UPDATED
K. OUR CONTACT INFORMATION FOR PRIVACY QUESTIONS
A. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In general, you can visit many of our web pages and use applications without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address and browser version from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
By filling out and submitting one of the forms available to request pricing, availability, or other information about our products and services then we may collect information including your name, address, email address, and telephone numbers.
B. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect your information in various ways, including the following:
Browsing: If you visit a Max Machinery webpage but do not fill out any forms or make direct contact with the Company in any way, the website will set cookies on your browser and will collect browsing information.
Cookies: A “cookie” is a small amount of information stored on your hard drive which was sent to your Internet browser from a Web server. Cookies collect information on our behalf that will help us better understand how you navigate around the website and how we can target our products and services more effectively to suit your personal interests. In most instances, you are able to set your Internet browser to not accept cookies, or you can opt to be notified when a cookie is sent to your computer and then decide whether or not to accept it. Please note that the websites and applications might not work properly if cookies are disabled.
Creating an Account or Logging In:  If invited by MMI, you may create/modify an account to access our Authorized Agent section of the website.  If you choose to do so, your personal information relevant to the request will be required.
Submitting Requests for Quotation: You can submit a request for quotation online. If you choose to do so, your personal information relevant to the request will be required.
Submitting Service Requests: You can submit a refurbishment request online. If you choose to do so, your personal information relevant to the request will be required.
Requesting Additional Information or for MMI to Contact You: You can request additional information or for MMI to contact you directly. If you choose to do so, your personal information relevant to the request will be required.
C. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
By providing us with your personal information (including by using our websites or applications), you consent to us processing this personal information in one or more of the ways described in this Policy, including the following:
1. We do not sell email addresses.
2. We will primarily use your personal information to reply to your requests for information by providing quotes, order confirmations, products and services information to you, including sending you information/materials via e-mail or mail about products, offers and news we think could interest you, performing analyses of the website, and for customer service purposes.
In addition, other internal uses for personal information received through our websites and applications may arise, which may include analyzing web viewing and application use trends and informing you of our new products to help enhance your shopping experience.
To this end, the Company’s websites and applications use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to collect data that allows us to improve the functionality of our websites and applications and make them more useful to you and easier to use. For more information about Google (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/).
By visiting our websites, you acknowledge that you accept and consent to our privacy practices as well as those of Google as outlined or linked to in this policy.
Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of websites and applications, to prepare reports on their activities, and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics.
D. WHERE AND HOW WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
All personal information that we obtain about you will be stored and retained in accordance with Data Privacy Laws and this Policy.
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
E. HOW WE SECURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use industry standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.   Some browser versions and some firewalls don’t permit communication through secure servers like the ones we use. If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, please feel free to contact us by phone at 707-433-2662.
F. WE ALLOW THIRD PARTIES TO COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
As above, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to collect data that allows us to improve the functionality of our websites and applications and make them more useful to you and easier to use.
In addition, third parties may also collect information about you through our websites and applications. For example, third party analytics services use cookies and web beacons to help us compile statistics about our websites and applications, and visitors/users of same. We receive assurances from those third party analytics services that they will not collect or access any information that directly identifies you.
Max Machinery, Inc. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visited our site. We, and our third party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our site.
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
G. HOW WE SHARE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of the Max Machinery, Inc.(MMI) except as follows:
1. Consent: We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of MMI when we have your consent to do so. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
2. Internal Use: MMI shares information among affiliates and with third party vendors, consultants, and other service providers who are working on MMI’s behalf and need access to your information to carry out work for MMI.
3. Analytical Purposes: We share information with third parties for analytical purposes, as is described above. Please be assured that we never sell, trade, or rent any of your personally identifiable information to third party websites or companies for commercial purposes.
4. Legal Requirements: We will disclose personal information when required by applicable law, or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us.
5. Business Transitions: It is possible that as MMI develops, there could be mergers, acquisitions, and asset sales that could result in a change in ownership or control of your personal information. If this were to happen, we would continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information.
H. CORRECTING, UPDATING, DELETING AND DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If your personally identifiable information changes, you may contact us to correct, update or delete and deactivate our record of your personally identifiable information. You may do so by calling us at 707-433-2662.
I.  CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our site is not directed to anyone under the age of 18.  Our Site does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
J. HOW THIS POLICY IS UPDATED
If our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our websites and applications, and/or by communicating directly with you. We will notify you of any such change before we use your information in a manner not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. You will have the opportunity at that time to opt out of any new use of your information.
K. OUR CONTACT INFORMATION FOR PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by calling us at 707-433-2662.
Asset 16