http://www.riverdale.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.riverdale.com which is owned and operated by Riverdale Mills Corporation. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this web site and how this information may be used. You should read this entire Privacy Policy before submitting any information to us or before using our website. Whenever you submit information via our website or otherwise to us, whether online or offline, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Information Collection Riverdale Mills Corporation is the sole owner of all information collected on this website. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to any third party.We will only use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.Control Over Information Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this Privacy Policy. You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do this by contacting us at 1-800-762-6374 or via email at info@riverdale.com to let us know of your preferences.Use of Cookies We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.Surveys From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose any information. Information requested may include contact information and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect personal information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment located in the USA.Updates Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. The effective date of this Privacy Policy is January 1, 2014.If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-800-762-6374 or via email at info@riverdale.com.CategoriesNewsVideosArchived News; Older NewsArchived NewsPress ReleasesTrade Shows FOR MEDIA INQUIRIESPLEASE CONTACT:Jane Meehan Lanzillo, Corporate Communications 617-417-0078 jmlanzillo@riverdale.com
error:
Privacy and Cookie PolicyCookies on the Riverdale websiteWe use cookies to give you the best digital experience while visiting our website. By accepting the use of cookies and using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.You can read more about our Privacy and Cookie Policy here. Accept Cookies