https://www.adamequipment.com/users/site-help
Jump To Main Menu
Jump To Search Box
Jump To Main Content
Visit Keyboard Shortcuts Page
Top
Call Us: +1 (203) 790 4774
Email Us
Language:
EnglishFrançaisEspañol Other - Google Translate
Home
| Information for Users
| Accessibility, Cookies and Site Information
Accessibility, Cookies and Site Information
Accessibility
Here at Adam Equipment we try to make our website easy to use. To help our visitors with screen readers we having included skip links to the main menu, search box, main content area and this keyboard shortcuts page.
We have also set up a number of "accesskey" keyboard short cuts. Access shortcut keys are usually activated on Windows with [Alt]+accesskey. For a Mac press [Control][Alt]+accesskey.
Please note that Firefox on Windows or Linux may require [Alt][Shift]+accesskey. Please check your browser documentation as controls may vary.
Accesskey "1":
Homepage
Accesskey "2":
Markets menu
Accesskey "3":
Products menu
Accesskey "4":
About Us page
Accesskey "5":
Support page
Accesskey "6":
Contact Us page
Accesskey "0":
Focus on search box
Accesskey "c":
Jump to main content
Accesskey "m": Jump to main menu
Accesskey "k":
Jump to keyboard shortcut page (this page)
Cookie Information
Our website uses first-party cookies to store preferences and help maintain your visit. In instances where log-in facilities are provided, cookies will also be used to maintain your logged-in status.
Here are the main cookies set by our website:
frontendSession ID for our website.
fronend_cidSession ID for SSL encrypted pages
user_allowed_save_cookieThis is saved once you have acknowledged the cookie notice, so we know not to show you the notice again.
hideCountrySuggestionRecords if you have chosen to view this website rather than move to one more suited to your geographic region.
In addition to the site-generated cookies we use Google Analytics to anonymously track website usage so that we can identify the popular areas of our site and areas where we can improve things for you.
These cookies will be set from the domain .google.com.
Here is a list of the main cookies set by Google:
_gaUsed by Google Analytics to distinguish one visitor from another.
Expires in 2 years, allowing us to track return visitors.
_gatUsed by Google Analytics to distinguish one visitor from another. Expires in 24 hours.
_gidUsed by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
NIDIf you are logged into Google when visiting our site you may see the NID cookie. This is used by Google to store preferences. Playing a youTube video will also set a NID cookie.
1P_JARGoogle cookie. These cookies are used to collect website statistics and track conversion rates.
Please see the links below for more information.
We use an online chat tool, TAWK, that allows our visitors to communicate directly with our sales team. TAWK will also set some cookies to that it can keep track of any conversations you may have initiated as you move around the website.
Here is a list of the main cookies set by TAWK which are used to store preferences and to identify and track visitors.
TawkConnectionTime
Tawk_57c47ece1c4ce90ce406fe4b (or similar)
__tawkuuid
We do not gain any personal information from the cookies used on our website.
All web browsers should have controls for removing existing cookies, limiting the types of cookie or blocking them altogether.
Please see the documentation for your chosen web browser.
Be aware that cookies are used
on almost all websites and that limiting or completely blocking them may limit the available functionality.
For more information on third-party cookies please see the following links:
Google Analytics Privacy and Safeguarding Information
Google Analytics Cookies Information
TAWK Privacy Policy
Browsers
With the advancement of web technology over recent years we have made the decision to focus less on historical browsers and put more effort into using HTML 5 and CSS3. To this end some older browsers, including Internet Explorer less than version 9 may not function fully or display as expected. We do make efforts to make this website functional in Internet Explorer 8 for legacy Windows XP users but it may be that not all features are available. We recommend using a self-updating browser such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Opera or Safari.
We also endeavour to make our websites suitable for viewing on smaller screens and mobile devices. However, if you do experience any display problems or other technical issues please let us know so we can fix the problem quickly to improve the experience for everyone.
Manuals and Brochures Format
Most of our product manuals and brochures are available as downloads from this website. The publicly distributed format is .pdf . There are a number of free pdf file readers available for most operating systems, including Android and iOS for mobile.
Languages
For the benefit of our users whose first language is not English we are aiming to provide our information in a number of different languages, appropriate for the geographic region of the site. We do try hard to make sure that the translations, grammar, syntax and contexts are correct but we may make some mistakes. If you spot an error in translation please let us know so that we may correct the mistake for the benefit of our users around the globe.
Model Search
Search our product range options by readability, capacity, or simply by name.
CapacityThe maximum weight that can be placed on the scale or balance.ReadabilityHow well a scale displays the correct results. Readability is the value of the finest division of the scale.
See our glossary page for more helpful definitions.
Product Name
Capacity
mg
g
kg
lb
oz
Readability
mg
g
kg
lb
oz
Latest Blog Posts
How to Get More Value from Bench and Floor Scales November 30, 2020Weighing devices can be a costly investment, so getting the most out of your scales can be critica ...Weighing Ink for Screen Printing November 15, 2020Screen printers need to carefully measure ink to get the right colors.
Latest Press Releases
New Aqua Washdown Scale Offers Effortless & Accurate Weighing for Rigorous Applications Adam Equipment Debuts New Luna Analytical and Precision Balances Adam Equipment Statement on COVID-19