http://www.hoodstrong.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
I. Information We Collect
You may choose to provide either business or personally identifiable or “personal” information (such as your name, address, business telephone number and email address) on this website or in the course of our provision of audit, tax, consulting or other professionals services to you. Here are the ways you may provide the information, the types of information you may submit and how Hood & Strong LLP (collectively, “Hood & Strong”, “we,” “us” or “our”) may collect, retain and use information.
Provision of personal information by you may be necessary for the performance of any contractual relationship with you, for compliance with our legal obligations, or where in our legitimate interest for the purposes set out below. Please note that you have the right to object to the processing of your personal information where the processing is carried out for our legitimate interest.
The types of information we may collect include business information, personal information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, billing and account information, financial information, personal identification numbers including your social insurance number, and other information incidental to the provision of professional services to you), or such personal information about other individuals (such as directors, officers and employees of a client or other party, beneficiaries, family members, shareholders, security-holders, investors, potential investors or buyers, business partners, targets, competitors or customers of clients, or other parties who are individuals). If you wish to attend a Hood & Strong sponsored event, we may also ask you to provide certain information such as your name, business address, business telephone number and business email address.
II. How We Use Personal Information
We collect and use personal information for the primary purpose of providing our clients with audit, tax, consulting, and other related professional services, including for the following purposes:
to establish and manage client relationships, perform our services, and fulfil any legal duties in connection therewith;
to assist us in providing services pertaining to the preparation of your financial statements;
for the preparation of your taxation and other returns as required for various governmental and other regulatory purposes;
to establish and maintain commercial relationships with clients, suppliers and other third parties, including to issue invoices, administer accounts, collect and process payments, evaluate credit standing, and to fulfil contractual obligations;
to maintain, develop and manage our document management, knowledge-management and precedent systems and databases; and
to understand your needs and determine the suitability of other services we may be able to offer to you.
When you provide us with the personal information of other individuals in the course of our provision of professional services to you, we are relying on you to have obtained – and to maintain – the requisite authority under applicable privacy laws for the disclosure of such personal information to us, and our subsequent collection, use and disclosure of such personal information, including obtaining appropriate consent from such individuals.
III. Publications and Other Communications
When you sign up online to receive one of our publications, we may ask for your name, business mailing address, business telephone number and business email address. We use this information for the purposes of providing you with the publications you request and as part of our customer relationship management program.
In addition, from time to time, Hood & Strong may also send e-mail or other communications to subscribers, clients or other individuals in our contact database to advise such individuals of developments in accounting, tax, consulting and other matters relevant to such individuals or their business or industry, or to advise them of upcoming events.
You may opt-out of receiving such communications at any point by using the opt-out feature included in each email, or by contacting us using the details at How to Update your Personal Information or Otherwise Contact Us below. Please note that Hood & Strong clients will continue to receive electronic communications from us relating to our provision of services to them.  If required under local law, we may seek your express consent to send you marketing communications.
IV. Join Our Team
You can submit your resume and other information online to apply for a job with us. We use the information you submit to evaluate your qualifications, to contact you regarding possible current and future employment opportunities, and for other employment related purposes.
V. Surveys and Questionnaires
We occasionally may ask visitors to our website, clients, and other contacts to complete online surveys and opinion polls about their activities, attitudes and interests. These surveys help us understand the needs of our website visitors, clients, and contacts; evaluate client service satisfaction; and enhance our product and service offerings.
VI. Tracking Activity on Our Website
In order to improve the site, we may track whether or not a site visitor is new or returning and collect information about our users through automatic data collection tools, which may include “cookies” and other commonly used technologies (e.g. web beacons). This information includes, without limitation, your web browser, location, and Internet Protocol (IP) address. Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by the site to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Information collected via cookies will be used solely for statistical reporting, unless you are a repeat visitor to our website, in which case a code in the cookie file may enable the site to label you as a particular user so that we may personalize and enhance your experience on our site.  In addition, if you submit personal information (e.g., name, address, email, etc.) via an electronic form contained on our website, the cookie file may enable us to identify you by such personally identifiable information in connection with collecting statistical information and personalizing your experience on our site.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it does not accept cookies.  However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain portions of our site.
Except as expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not engage in the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Accordingly, we do not currently process or comply with any Web browser’s “do not track” signal or other mechanisms that provide consumers with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites. Further, except as expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy, we have not knowingly authorized any third parties to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the site. Nonetheless, such third-party companies (e.g., companies providing features or functionality on the site, etc.) may collect and use information during your visits to our site and other websites in order to provide advertisements on other sites about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third-party Web beacon to collect such information.
VII. Information We Share
We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose personal information about our website visitors, clients or other individuals, except as described here. We may, as permitted by law, share information provided by our website visitors, clients or other individuals with our affiliates and with service providers we may retain to perform services on our behalf.  For example, we use services providers to provide services such as hosting the Hood & Strong site and operating certain of their features, document and data storage and management, providing client services, maintaining the security of our systems, software support and office services, and sending email or other communications. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required or permitted to do so by applicable US, Canadian or other laws or regulations or by legal process, (ii) in response to a search warrant or other request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials in such jurisdictions, (iii) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, (iv) to protect the integrity or security of the site or the interests, rights or property of Hood & Strong, including to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim; (v) to detect, prevent or suppress fraud; and/or (vi) to investigate a breach of, or to enforce our sites’ terms of use or other applicable agreements.
Hood & Strong may also disclose or otherwise transfer your personal information to governmental and regulatory authorities in the course of providing services to you (such as the preparation of taxation and other returns).
VIII. Links to Other Sites
In order to improve the site, we may track whether or not a site visitor is new or returning and collect information about our users through automatic data collection tools, which may include “cookies” and other commonly used technologies (e.g. web beacons). This information includes, without limitation, your web browser, location, and Internet Protocol (IP) address. Cookies are small strings of text that are sent by the site to your browser and then stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Information collected via cookies will be used solely for statistical reporting, unless you are a repeat visitor to our website, in which case a code in the cookie file may enable the site to label you as a particular user so that we may personalize and enhance your experience on our site.  In addition, if you submit personal information (e.g., name, address, email, etc.) via an electronic form contained on our website, the cookie file may enable us to identify you by such personally identifiable information in connection with collecting statistical information and personalizing your experience on our site.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but it is possible to change your browser setup so that it does not accept cookies.  However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from taking advantage of certain portions of our site.
IX. Children Under Age 18
While the content of our page may be suitable for audiences of any age, the site is not designed for children and we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose any personally identifiable information from those under the age of 18, without the consent of a parent or guardian. By accessing and using our site, you hereby represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
X. Security
We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures in an effort to protect against loss, theft, and unauthorized disclosure, access, use, alteration or destruction of personal information in our possession. Please be aware, however, that Internet data transmission is not always secure, and we cannot and do not guarantee that information you transmit utilizing our site is secure.
XI. Notice to Users Outside the United States of America
Where you are located outside of the United States, for example in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), by using this site and providing us your personally identifiable information, you hereby explicitly acknowledge and consent to (i) the transfer of such information to recipients in countries located outside of your country of origin, (including the United States where the site is hosted) which may not provide a similar or adequate level of protection to that provided by your home country. Your personal information may be maintained on servers in the US, and processed by our affiliates and other third party service providers in the US or other jurisdictions and as such, your data is subject to American law. You can withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
XII.  Your Rights
If you are an individual located in the EEA or Canada, you may have certain rights, which may be subject to limitations and/or restrictions. These rights may include the right to: (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personally identifiable information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personally identifiable information; and (iii) have your personal data transmitted to you or a third party in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personally identifiable information with your local data protection authority.
XIII.  Retention
We may retain personal information provided by you for as long as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, or to achieve the purposes for which the personal information was collected as described in this Privacy Policy.
XIV.  Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of use of the applicable Hood & Strong website you are using the site. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use this site. However, if you do not provide us with the required personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the requested services.
XV. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update or change this Privacy Policy from time to time and without prior notice to you and any and all such modified versions of our Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting on our site. We will post a prominent notice on this site to notify you of any significant changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated. In the event we modify this Privacy Policy, your continued use of our site or our services will constitute your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
XVI.  How to Update Your Personal Information or Otherwise Contact Us
It is your responsibility to ensure the personal information we have on file for you is accurate, complete and up to date. If you would like us to inquire about the information we have for you in our records, update your personal information, ask us to remove you from contact lists, or if you have any questions, please contact the Hood & Strong firm member responsible for your file or contact us by:
Calling us at:
415-781-0793
(8:30 a.m. – 5 p.m. Pacific time)
Writing us at:
275 Battery Street, Suite 900
San Francisco, CA 94111
Emailing us at:
info@hoodstrong.com
×
Work Life Balance
Creating work-life balance is a continuous process as your family, interests and work life change, and it means something different to each individual. At Hood & Strong, we understand that our employees have interests and responsibilities outside of work, which is why we offer flexible work schedules and a generous vacation package.
×
Mentorship & Team Support
Hood & Strong established a mentorship program to invest in the leadership skills and success of our employees. New employees are paired with a mentor who can help navigate the first several months at the firm, and in addition, partners and managers are always nearby and available to assist and counsel. No matter where you are in your career, you will have the opportunity to discuss your career goals, ask questions and be mentored.
×
Volunteerism
A cornerstone of our firm’s business philosophy since we first opened our doors in 1917, Hood & Strong believes in giving back to the communities in which we work and live. We are proud to give each of our employees four hours of paid time off each month to serve in any capacity they desire with a nonprofit of their choice, in addition to regular firm-wide volunteer activities throughout the year.