http://www.taxi.com/privacy/
Close [x]
Home
About
About TAXI
A&R Team
How TAXI Works
Submit Music
Need Music?
News
Free Convention
Contact Us
818-222-2464
Get FREE Opportunity Alerts
Join TAXI
Renew
Member Login
Show Menu
Privacy Policy TAXI.com and/or TAXIMusic.com Updated December 16, 2019
We value
your business a great deal and we are strongly committed to protecting your
privacy. We want your experience with TAXI to be positive, safe, and beneficial
to you.
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?This Privacy Policy covers TAXI's treatment of information that TAXI gathers when you are accessing any of TAXI's Websites as a consumer and when you use TAXI’s paid services as a customer. Further, this Privacy Policy covers TAXI's treatment of your information as well as the information paid members enter into fields on TAXIMusic.com, which is also part of TAXI’s core business and functionality. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that TAXI does not own or control (such as third-party websites that you may access from the Website), or to individuals that TAXI does not employ or manage.
You may browse our site at any time without logging in and you will remain anonymous. We may track I.P. addresses in order to see which pages are being used, but we will not know who you are. Logging into the site (taxi.com or taximusic.com) will let us know who you are and we will be able to customize the site for you. Your login information will be used only by you for site customization, and your visits will always remain confidential.
If you purchase a membership or other services or products on TAXI’s website, you will be required to provide personal information necessary for order processing. This information will be used for order processing ONLY. Your name and past orders may be saved; however, credit card information will never be kept on file, and personal information will not be sold, exchanged or distributed to third parties.
For your safety and protection, your credit card information is not stored on our servers. Our payment gateway provider, Authorize.net, keeps this information encrypted and secure on your behalf. It is the world’s leading provider of such services, and you can read more specific information about them below in the section named: Secure Credit Card Transactions
Member and User information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without the consent of the customer, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by our Members and Users. There may be occasions when certain personal information may be used in order to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us process information, deliver products to you, manage and enhance customer data, provide customer service, assess your interest in our products and services, or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with RN's policies. Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, provide us feedback to improve our products and services, or access certain services, offers, and content on TAXI’s website.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES TAXI COLLECT?The Information we gather from consumers and customers enables TAXI to personalize and improve our services and to allow our consumers and customers to set up accounts on the Website. In connection with the Website, we request and display some Information to other consumers and visitors of the Website, which allows consumers to identify artists on the Website. We collect the following types of information from our consumers and customers.
1) INFORMATION THAT TAXI COLLECTS AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU VISIT OUR SITE(S):We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website or services. TAXI automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, geo-territory information, TAXI cookie information, the page you requested, and the media you have consumed (e.g., viewed, played, downloaded, uploaded, and shared).
Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site and its components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show. This type of data enables us to figure out how often consumers use parts of the Website or services so that we can make the Website appealing to as many consumers as possible, and improve those services.
2) INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO TAXI:We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or provide to us in any other way. The types of Information collected include, without limitation, your full name, email address, mailing address, phone number, IP address, browser information, password, contact information, credit card or bank account information, transactional information based on your activities on the Website, and media consumed on the Website including, but not limited to, media viewed, played, downloaded, uploaded, and shared. In addition, note that all information you enter into your TAXI Member Account or TAXI Customer Account is information that you provide to us. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, TAXI also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type (s), from Members, Users and other visitors to our site. This data is used to improve the website services, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to our Members, Users, and Visitors. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.
Additionally, TAXI’s website uses pixel tags to tell us what parts of our website have been visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our site. Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format that customers can read. And they tell us whether emails have been opened to assure that we're only sending messages that are of interest to our customers. TAXI always stores all of this information in a secure database.
Member Profile information including the Members’ pictures and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in TAXI’s social networking community.
TAXI reserves the right to use a Member’s or User’s email address to send updates, Industry Listings, a newsletter or news regarding the service or related content. TAXI might also send email messages which use a "click-through URL" linked to content on our website. When a customer clicks one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. TAXI reserves the right to this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.
TAXI Computer Services, Inc. may also endeavor to collect information for market research purposes to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide a more valuable service to them. We collect information regarding customer activities on our website, and on closely related or other TAXI owned or related websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites and Internet services are of most interest to them.
3) TAXI’S USE OF COOKIES ON OUR SITE(S)TAXI Computer Services, Inc., aka TAXI Music and TAXI ("us", "we", or "our") uses cookies on TAXI.com (the "Service"). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies. “Cookies” are commonly used alphanumeric identifiers that TAXI transfers to your computer's hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. TAXI cookies do not collect Information, and except as necessary to investigate claims of fraud or other misconduct, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We do recommend that you leave the cookies activated for an optimal browsing experience.
Ads and offers appearing on the Website may be delivered to consumers and customers by our advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by TAXI and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or other third parties with whom TAXI may work. TAXI does not access or control such third party cookies; please refer to those companies' privacy policies.
FOR MORE
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES, INCLUDING DELETING AND CONTROLLING COOKIES, PLEASE
VISIT
ABOUTCOOKIES.ORG. YOU CAN ALSO GET MORE INFORMATION BY
VISITING
: HTTP://WWW.NETWORKADVERTISING.ORG/
THE BOTTOM LINE – TAXI DOESN’T SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONTAXI will never sell, rent, distribute, loan, share or give your personal information away to any third parties or individuals who want to profit from that information or for any other reason. We will only use it in the context of providing you with the services you expect from our company and to better understand our customers’ needs, behavior and preferences on our website.
If you choose to sign up for our newsletter and/or general emails, you agree to be contacted with special offers and news about TAXI that we feel may interest you. If you wish to stop receiving our newsletter, you may unsubscribe at any time through our web site (using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every one our emails) or by contacting us at 1-800-458-2111. Our newsletter email list will ONLY be used for TAXI’s Newsletters and other TAXI specific information and will not be shared with anyone.
SECURITYAll TAXI
Member and User accounts are secured by User-created passwords. TAXI takes
certain industry standard precautions to insure that account information is
kept private. TAXI also uses reasonable and up-to-date security measures such
as encryption to protect private information that is stored within our database
against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure,
alteration, and destruction, and we always restrict access to such private
information only to those employees who need access to perform their job
functions, ie., our customer service staff, our sales staff, and technical
staff. Please be aware that TAXI (or any other party) cannot absolutely
guarantee the security of our Members’ and/or Users’ account information.
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may
compromise the security of Member and/or User information at any time. Our
Members and Users are strongly urged to also take precautions to protect their
personal data by changing passwords often using a combination of letters and
numbers, and always using a secure web browser.
THE SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT TAXI COMPUTER SERVICES, INC. COLLECTSExcept as
otherwise noted or described in this Privacy Policy, TAXI will not disclose
personal information to any third party unless we believe that such a
disclosure is absolutely necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to
respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by TAXI,
whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce TAXI’s
Terms and Conditions and/or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety
of members of the public and the Members and Users of the service. TAXI
Computer Services, Inc. reserves the right to transfer personal information to
a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of
the sale of TAXI Computer Services, Inc. or substantially all of its assets to
that successor. Should changes occur, they will be in accord with the policy
set forth in the section called, Changes In Our Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY OF CHILDRENTAXI’s
services are not intended for use by who are children under the age of 13. We
operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection
Act of 1998, and do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect
or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age,
unless he or she is sufficiently represented by a parent or legal guardian.
However, TAXI cannot prevent guest visits and general site browsing by those
under the age of 13 years old. We do take every precaution to avoid content
that might offend or be harmful to children. There are songs from artists that
may contain lyrics that could be offensive to some visitors, especially young
children. TAXI makes every effort to apply notices of potentially offensive
content, but cannot guarantee that all content has been found and duly noticed.
CALIFORNIA MINORS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGECalifornia
law provides additional rights to minors under the age of eighteen (18)
residing in California. You may request the removal of any of your Information
you submitted while under the age of 18. Note that TAXI can and would remove
Information upon request from its internal systems but cannot guarantee removal
of Information that you requested be provided to any systems outside of TAXI’s
control. YOU AND YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN UNDERSTAND IT IS NEAR IMPOSSIBLE TO
HAVE INFORMATION ENTIRELY REMOVED FROM THE INTERNET ONCE IT APPEARS.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA“), California residents have certain rights around TAXI’s collection, use, and sharing of their personal information.
TAXI does not sell your personal information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of such sale as required by law. Similarly, we do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information.
TAXI may collect various categories of personal information when you use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information.
If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you, and to access that information. You also have the right to request deletion of your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow TAXI to retain and use certain personal information notwithstanding your deletion request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must verify that your agent is authorized to do so.
Separate from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request such disclosure. If you have any questions regarding this policy, or would like to change your preferences, you may contact us at webmaster@taxi.com.
LINKSTAXI’s website DOES contain links to third party websites. TAXI is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site, a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. TAXI’s privacy policy only governs information collected on properties owned and operated by TAXI Computer Services, Inc.
PUBLIC PROFILES, PUBLIC MESSAGE BOARDS AND PUBLIC FORUMSPlease be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Public Profiles, Message Boards or any other Public Forum on our website that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications. TAXI Computer Services, Inc. is not, and cannot be held responsible for any and all personally identifiable information you choose to submit on TAXI’s website. Please think long and hard before you post any of personal information on this site or any other.
CORRECTING/UPDATING OR REMOVING INFORMATIONTAXI Members and Users can easily update or change their Profile at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info.
EMAIL CHOICE / OPT OUTTAXI Members, User and or Visitors who no longer wish to receive updates or notifications may choose not to by opting-out. To opt-out, simply click the logout or unsubscribe button provided at the bottom of each and every email we send. If you are a current Member of TAXI’s, please be aware that we may not be able to provide you with our full service if you elect to opt-out and cease to receive our emails.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISINGTAXI may sell advertising space or our website from time
to time. TAXI Computer Services Inc., or one of our web-advertisers may choose
to deliver ads to TAXI’s Members, Users and Visitors. In addition to our own
cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies such as, but not limited
to Google’s Ad Sense service, to report usage statistics of the Service,
deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
TAXI or those advertisers may set cookies. These cookies commonly allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of the most interest to you. This privacy statement covers only the use of cookies by TAXI Computer Services, Inc., and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party advertisers. Please be aware, however, that Google uses the DART cookie when delivering ads to our website. Should TAXI elect to display Goolge ads on this website, Members and Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICYOn occasion, TAXI may make changes to our Privacy Policy. If we do make changes, we will post them on our site to make our Members, Users, and Visitors to our site aware of those changes so they will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A User is bound by any minor changes to the Privacy Policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted.
By contacting us you agree to let us use your comments, suggestions, contributions, ideas, or other feedback throughout our site at our discretion. We will give credit by name for all submissions. Credit usually includes name and home state, if applicable. If you would like your name withheld from your comments, suggestions, and/or ideas, please make a note of that when writing.
SECURE CREDIT CARD TRANSACTIONSWe have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks (see an online payments diagram). The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions. Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard. For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
IS YOUR INFORMATION SECURE?Your TAXI account Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to protect unauthorized access to your account and Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. You are prohibited from sharing your exclusive TAXI login information and if you share your password or your Information with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lost control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your Information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify TAXI and change your password.
TAXI always makes best efforts to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private; however, TAXI cannot guarantee or ensure the security of user account information. Not even the U.S. government appears capable of securing highly sensitive personal and national security information from unauthorized access, use, and exploitation. Unauthorized entry or use by third parties, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time, including your Information.
BUSINESS TRANSFERSIf TAXI, or all or any portion of its business or assets, are acquired, sold, or otherwise transferred, including in any merger or other transaction, or in the unlikely event that TAXI goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, consumer and customer Information would be one of the assets that is transferred to or acquired by the successor or acquirer (or a third party through bankruptcy). You acknowledge and agree that such transfers may occur in any of these circumstances, and that any acquirer or successor or other party acquiring all or any portion of TAXI's business or assets may continue to use your Information as set forth in this policy.
PROTECTION OF TAXI AND OTHER RELATED ENTITIESTAXI may
release Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to
comply with any applicable state or federal laws, rules or regulations; enforce
or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights,
property, or safety of TAXI, our employees, our users, or others. This includes
exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud
protection and credit risk reduction.
NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERSThe
Website is hosted in the United States. If you are a customer or client
accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with
laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure,
that differ from United States laws, then please note that you are transferring
your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data
protection laws as the EU and other regions.
EUROPEAN UNION AND EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA:The Website is not intended for children accessing the Website from the European Union or the European Economic Area by children under the age of 16.
By providing your personal data to TAXI through the Website, you consent to:
the use of your personal data for the uses identified above in accordance with the Privacy Policy; and the transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above.
The Latest TAXI Member Placements and Signings
Matt Vander Boegh’s music has been placed in over 170 TV shows...
Read the full story
A song by Bill Gordon’s music was on a Hulu show and more...
Read the full story
Randon Purcell gets placements on several TV shows...
Read the full story
Brian Fuller has music on E! and MTV shows...
Read the full story
TAXI Independent A&R
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Home
About
Join
Get Heard
News
Outside USA
Bond
DMCA
Contact Us | Privacy Policy© Copyright 2020. All rights reserved.
5010 N. Parkway Calabasas
Suite 200
Calabasas CA 91302
USA