https://www.dockladders.net/privacy-policy/
Account
Log In
Menu
Search
Account
Compare
Dockladders.net
Menu
Search:
Search
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Compare
You have no items to compare.
Home
Ladders Finger Pier Lift LaddersFinger Pier Lift Ladders - WideFinger Pier Straight LaddersFinger Pier Straight Ladders - WideFloating Dock Finger Pier Lift LaddersFloating Dock Finger Pier Lift Ladders - WideFloating Dock Lift LaddersFloating Dock Lift Ladders - WideLift LaddersLift Ladders - WideStraight LaddersStraight Ladders - WideSwing LaddersSwing Ladders - WideHardwareClearance
Home
Privacy Policy
LEGAL NOTICE
Terms and Conditions
The content of this Website is owned or controlled by W.R. Williams Enterprises, Inc. dba Dock Builders Supply ("DBS") and is protected by copyright laws. You may download content only for your personal use for non-commercial purposes but no modification or further reproduction of the content is permitted. DBS will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information in this Website, but makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of the information provided.
DBS shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this Website, or from your reliance on any information provided at this Website. No use of trademarks, service marks or trade names from this Website may be made without the prior written authorization of DBS and/or the owners of the trademarks, service marks, trade names or copyrighted data, except to identify the products or services of the company. Any personally identifiable information in electronic communications to this Website is governed by this DBS's Privacy Policy. The sender of any communications to this Website or otherwise to DBS shall be responsible for the content and information contained therein, including its truthfulness and accuracy.
DBS reserves the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time and to revise these Terms and Conditions from time to time as we see fit. As such, you should check these Terms and Conditions periodically. Changes will not apply to any orders DBS has already accepted unless the law requires. If you violate any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions you will have your access canceled and you may be permanently banned from accessing, viewing, browsing and using the Site. Your accessing, viewing, browsing and/or using the Site after we post changes to these Terms and Conditions constitutes your acceptance and agreement to those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them. At the bottom of this page, DBS will notify you of the date these Terms and Conditions were last updated.
Entering the Site will constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to abide by these terms, please do not enter the Site.
Privacy and Security
DBS has created the following Privacy and Security Policy to let you know what information we collect, why we collect it, and to whom it may be disclosed.
This Privacy and Security Policy applies to: pilingcaps.com (the "Site").
This Privacy and Security Policy also addresses our data security practices and the options you have to access and control personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information.
Our Terms and Conditions govern this Privacy and Security Policy.
To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of this Privacy and Security Policy and the Terms and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions shall govern. DBS may periodically make changes to this Privacy and Security Policy. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy and Security Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so DBS encourage you to visit this page often. This Privacy and Security Policy supersedes any and all previous versions.
Entering the Site constitutes your acceptance and agreement to all terms contained in this Privacy and Security Policy. If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy, please do not enter the Site.
INFORMATION DBS COLLECTS
Personally Identifiable Information
The term "personally identifiable information" means information that you voluntarily provide to us and which personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number, physical address, and any other data or information that would allow someone to personally identify you.
To make a purchase, DBS requires you to supply us with personally identifiable information. If you supply us with personally identifiable information, you may later access, update, and modify any inaccuracies.
Please note, DBS may keep a copy of the previous personally identifiable information for our records. You may also choose not to provide personally identifiable information at the point of collection; however, you will not be able to purchase products.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
The term "non-personally identifiable information" means information that you voluntarily provide to us or which we collect electronically, but which does not personally identify you. Whenever you visit the Site, non-personally identifiable information, such as navigational and clickstream data, may be collected.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Personally Identifiable Information
DBS collects personally identifiable information in order to supply you with the products or services you request, process payment, perform internal analytics, communicate with you and comply with any legal requirements.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
DBS collects non-personally identifiable information in order to operate, develop and improve the Site, their functionality and our products, services and performance.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Personally Identifiable Information
DBS does not sell or rent personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and analytics to support your use of the Site. We may disclose personally identifiable information to trusted third parties whom we engage to process your personally identifiable information for us. We may disclose personally identifiable information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on us or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of the Site or the public. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to make you aware of the disclosure of your personally identifiable information contrary to the terms set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy – if, for example, we discover a security breach.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
DBS does not sell or rent non-personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of the Site. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information, if necessary, to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on us, or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of the Site, or the public.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
DBS offers secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form. We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our Site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. We employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of any personally identifiable information.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
From time to time, we may send commercial electronic mail messages to your email account.
In addition, we regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order.
IF YOU HAVE A PRIVACY QUESTION
If you have a privacy question about the Site, or about the Privacy and Security Policy, please Contact Us.
Information
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Site Map
My Account
Have questions? Need help? Call 1-888-698-4354
Categories
All Products
Finger Pier Lift Ladders
Finger Pier Lift Ladders - Wide
Finger Pier Straight Ladders
Finger Pier Straight Ladders - Wide
Floating Dock Finger Pier Lift Ladders
Floating Dock Finger Pier Lift Ladders - Wide
Floating Dock Lift Ladders
Floating Dock Lift Ladders - Wide
Lift Ladders
Lift Ladders - Wide
Straight Ladders
Straight Ladders - Wide
Swing Ladders
Swing Ladders - Wide
Hardware
Clearance
© 2018 Dockladders.net All Rights Reserved