https://www.puthumanaindia.com/privacy-hoodies-manufacturing
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We DO NOT COLLECT  any information from you when you.Do we use cookies? No, We do not use cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.puthumanaindia.comYour Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
PUTHUMANA INDIA
86/2-A, J.V. Industrial Complex, 2nd Floor
Pichampalayam, P N Road
TIRUPUR 641 603, TN, INDIA
Mob: +91 954 3030 152
+91 948 8070 152
Tel: +91 421 248 62 63
E-Mail: puthumanaindia@gmail.com