http://www.cgiltd.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - CoreCentric Solutions
(866) 737-2244
CS@corecentricusa.com
Shop
Careers
Home
Company
About Us
Leadership
Sustainability
Careers
Services
Remanufacturing
Product Returns Management
Return for Repair
Core Collection
Customers
Product Manufacturers
Service Technicians
Parts Wholesalers
News
Contact Us
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Effective and Last Updated March 1st, 2016
We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your information.
This website is owned and operated by CoreCentric Solutions (https://www.corecentricsolutions.com/). We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors while they interact with the content, products and services on this site (the “Site”). You agree that your use of the Site signifies your assent to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy tells you:
What information we collect
How we use that information
How we may share that information
How we protect your information
Your choices regarding your personal information
Information You Give Us:We receive and may store certain information you enter on our website. For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, create an account or email us with a question.
The information we collect from you includes things like:
Your name
Your mailing address
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Your credit card number
Automatic Information:Like many other websites, we also collect information through cookies and other automated means. Cookies are commonly used by websites to save data on your computer. The information we collect from cookies may include your IP address, browser and device characteristics, referring URLs, and a record of your interactions with our websites. We use cookies to create a more personalized shopping experience on our websites.To help us understand and enhance our interactions with visitors to our websites, we may permit web analytics providers to collect information on our website(s) using automated tools like cookies. We will not share this information with others however we may use this information for internet-based advertising used specifically to target the www.corecentricsolutions.com website
How We Use the Information We Collect:We use the information we collect for things like:
Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or information
Processing returns and exchanges
Tracking online orders
Establishing and managing your account with us
Communicating promotions and surveys
Operating, evaluating and improving our business
Data Retention:We will retain your information for as long as your account is active.
How We Share the Information We Collect:CoreCentricsolutions.com and CoreCentric Solutions does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
We may share your name and shipping address with shipping companies in order to facilitate:
Fulfilling of orders
Delivering packages
Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a court order or subpoen to prevent harm or loss; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
How We Protect the Information We Collect:We use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it.
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us. The CoreCentricsolutions.com Web site uses encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL protects information you submit via our Web site such as ordering information including your name, address. We do not store and credit card numbers.
Your Choices Regarding the Information We Collect:You may choose to:
Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, phone and mobile marketing communications
Update and correct your personal information
Cancel your account
To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods:
Follow the directions in a marketing e-mails
Call +1-630-216-5000 with your request
Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to cs@corecentricusa.com
Send a letter with your request to:CoreCentric Solutions IncAttn: Customer Privacy Advocate191 E. North Avenue,Carol Stream,IL 60188,
Interest-Based Advertising:We may use third-party advertising companies to display ads when you visit our websites or other sites on the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to this and other websites.
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the CoreCentricsolutions.com website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with this privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely in cookie settings.
Protecting Children’s Privacy:We are committed to protecting children’s privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites:Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you’re visiting.
Privacy Policy Updates:We may need to update our Privacy Policy as CoreCentric Solutions and our customers grow and evolve. The last updated date will be included in this policy.
U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework:CoreCentricsolutions.com complies with the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union. Information regarding the E.U. Safe Harbor Framework can be found at: http://export.gov/safeharbor.
Have Questions?If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, we’ll do our best to answer them. Here’s how to contact us:
Phone:+1-630-216-5000
E-mail:cs@corecentricusa.com
Address:CoreCentric SolutionsAttn: Customer Privacy Advocate191 E. North Avenue,Carol Stream,IL 60188
Contact Us:If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please Contact Us here.
Get In Touch
(866) 737-2244
CoreCentric Solutions
191 E. North AvenueCarol Stream, IL 60188
Phone: (630) 216-5000Fax: (630) 216-5060
Email: CS@corecentricusa.com
FollowFollow
Home
About Us
Careers
News
Repairs
Send A Message
Name
Email
Message
Send Message
Home | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy &copy2020
CoreCentric Solutions | 191 E. North Avenue, Carol Stream, IL 60188