http://www.catalinamarketing.com/legal#cookie-policy
Main Menu
SolutionsToggle SubmenuSolutionsAudiences & Data ServicesToggle SubsubmenuCustomized AudiencesSyndicated AudiencesMedia & ActivationToggle SubsubmenuIn-Store NetworkDigital Place-Based NetworkBuyervisionMulti-Channel MediaMeasurement & OptimizationToggle SubsubmenuHUB360Multi-Touch AttributionCampaign ReportsSales DriversToggle SubsubmenuVolumeSharePenetrationEfficiencyTrialLoyaltyAnalytics ServicesWho We AreToggle SubmenuWho We AreToggle SubsubmenuAbout UsWhy CatalinaLeadershipCareersPartnersCustomersToggle SubsubmenuRetailersCPGAgenciesSuccess StoriesThe LatestToggle SubmenuMediaToggle SubsubmenuPress ReleasesThought LeadershipNewsVideosDownloadsInsightsToggle SubsubmenuRetailCPGAgenciesInteractiveToggle SubsubmenuCovid-19 MapAllergy Heat MapCough Cold and Flu Heat MapContactToggle SubmenuContactToggle SubsubmenuSalesMarketingSupport
Around the World
Around the World
USAFranceJapanCosta RicaGermanyItalyUK
Legal
For more than 35 years we have employed the highest standards of protection for the personal information we collect or maintain across the globe.
Terms of Service
1. General
The terms and conditions below (as amended from time to time, the “Terms”) govern the use of this website, its features and any and all information contained therein or thereon (together, this “Site”). Your use of the Site is subject to the Terms.
Please read the Terms before using the Site.
If you do not agree to the Terms, please do not use the Site. By accessing or using the Site in any way, including, without limitation, browsing the Site, using any information, and/or submitting information, you agree to be and are bound by the Terms.
Catalina Marketing Corporation (“Catalina”), its agents or affiliates may update the Site and these Terms from time to time, with or without notice. Your use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your agreement to those changes. You agree to review the Terms periodically to ensure that you are familiar with the most recent version. Catalina may, in its sole discretion, and at any time, discontinue the Site or any part thereof, with or without notice, or may prevent your use of the Site with or without notice to you.
2. Content
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, images, trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork, computer code, digitally downloadable files, product and program names, slogans and the compilation of the foregoing (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Catalina, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms, no part of the Site or Content may, without Catalina’s express prior written consent, be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, used, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way, including mirroring, to any other computer, server, web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, including, without limitation, in connection with products or services that are not those of Catalina, in any other manner that is likely to cause confusion among consumers, that disparages or discredits Catalina and/or its licensors, that dilutes the strength of Catalina’s or its licensor’s property, or that otherwise infringes Catalina’s or its licensors’ intellectual property rights.
Catalina does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed or distributed through the Site. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk. Catalina reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Site. Catalina does not and cannot review all materials posted to the Site by users, if any, and Catalina is not responsible for any such materials posted by users. However, Catalina reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or government request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in Catalina’s sole discretion is objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
All registered trademarks ®, trademarks ™, service marks and/or logos (collectively “Marks”) of companies other than Catalina, including those of consumer packaged goods companies and retailers set forth on the “Brands & Retailers” page of the Site, are the property of their respective owners. Catalina makes no claims to those Marks. Nor shall anything contained on this Site be construed as granting any license or right to use any of the Marks displayed herein without the express written permission of the owner of such Marks. Any unauthorized uses of the Marks is strictly prohibited.
3. Your Use of the Site
You may not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. Catalina reserves the right to bar any such activity. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any Catalina server, or to any of the services offered by Catalina or on or through the Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means. You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any customer of Catalina, to its source or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site. You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or Catalina’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to Catalina. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site, or with any other person’s use of the Site. You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Catalina on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity. You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms, or to solicit the performance of any activity which infringes the rights of Catalina or others. You shall not link this Site to any other site without the expressed written approval of Catalina.
On certain areas of our Site, you may be given the ability to provide us with personally identifiable information. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information about our information collection and use practices.
On certain other areas of our Site, you may be given the ability to download the Catalina logo or other images or Content in which Catalina has certain rights or title.
Such ability is subject to a revocable, non-exclusive, limited license to use such images for the sole purpose of including the Catalina logo adjacent to a valid publication regarding Catalina’s actual business operations, is revocable by Catalina at any time, may not be used in any way to disparage or negatively reference Catalina or for the purpose of any person or entity holding itself out as an agent or representative of Catalina, and is subject to Catalina’s right to require that you discontinue any and all use thereof at any time.
Please contact Catalina for detailed guidelines regarding use of such images.
4. Information
Catalina does not guarantee the reliability or accuracy of any of the information on either this Site or on sites that are linked to this site. Catalina also does not guarantee that the files or information available for downloading are free of infection from viruses or other harmful components. Catalina shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
5. Limitation on Liability
YOU ASSUME COMPLETE RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE. CATALINA MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON- INFRINGEMENT OR THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). CATALINA DOES NOT WARRANTY THAT THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. THE SITE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS.” Under no circumstances will Catalina be liable for any damages (including, but not limited to, special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages) arising out of the use of, or the inability to use, the Site, even if Catalina has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
In the event you have a dispute with another company in any way relating to this Site or the use of information from this Site, you agree to waive and release Catalina from any and all claims, demands, actions, damages (actual and consequential), losses, costs or expenses of every kind and nature, known and unknown, disclosed and undisclosed relating to that dispute.
5. Miscellaneous
You represent and warrant that (a) you are of legal age (at least 18 years old) to form a binding contract with Catalina, or (b) you are not barred from using or receiving access to the Site or services offered thereunder under the laws of the United States or other countries.
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of Florida without regard to conflicts of laws principles. By using the Site, you hereby agree that any and all disputes regarding these Terms and use of the Site will be subject to the courts located in the Tampa, Florida. These Terms operate to the fullest extent permissible by law.
These Terms contain the entire understanding and agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof. In the event that any provision of these terms and conditions is determined to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, such provision shall be deemed severed and the remainder of the terms and conditions shall remain in full force and effect. No term or condition shall be deemed waived, and no breach shall be deemed excused, unless such waiver is in writing and is executed by the party against whom such waiver or excuse is claimed.
Even if Catalina fails to act with respect to your breach or anyone else’s breach on any occasion, Catalina is not waiving its right to act with respect to future or similar breaches.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Date of Last Revision: May 17, 2018
Cookie Settings
This cookie policy (the “Cookie Policy”) describes how CATALINA MARKETING, 200 Carillon Pkwy, St. Petersburg, FL 33716 (“Catalina” or “we” or “us”) uses cookies and other similar technologies on our website, www.catalina.com (“Website”).
Table of Contents
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
WHICH TYPES OF COOKIES DOES CATALINA USE?
HOW CAN YOU CONTROL COOKIES?
WHICH SPECIFIC COOKIES DOES CATALINA USE?
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING GOOGLE ANALYTICS
HOW MAY THIS COOKIE POLICY BE CHANGED?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
1. WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Catalina places small data files called cookies on your device to ensure that the Website functions properly, to track how you use our Website, to improve our Website and your user experience, and to tailor our Website to your interests. Cookies are small text files that are saved on your computer or mobile device when you visit the Website. It enables the Website to record and/or remember your actions and preferences.
For more information, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
2. WHICH TYPES OF COOKIES DOES CATALINA USE?
Catalina uses the following categories of cookies on this Website:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features. These cookies will be dropped and used even if you do not consent to the use of cookies.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use the Website, e.g. which pages you go to most often, in order to improve how the Website works. We use these cookies only if you have consented via the cookie banner.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow the Website to remember the choices that you make (e.g. language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. We use these cookies only if you have consented via the cookie banner.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies: These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They remember that you have visited the Website and this information may be shared with other organizations, e.g. advertisers. We use these cookies only if you have consented via the cookie banner.
Please see below a more detailed list of the cookies we use on the Website.
The cookies used by Catalina are either first party or third party cookies. First party cookies are set by Catalina and share the same domain. Third party cookies, on the other hand, are stored by a third party provider or organization.
We use both - cookies that expire once you close your browser (called session cookies) and cookies that stay on your device until you delete them or they expire (called persistent cookies).
3. HOW CAN YOU CONTROL COOKIES?
Strictly necessary cookies are necessary to provide the Website to you. We use such cookies without your prior consent.
All other cookies are dropped after you have consented via the cookie banner on our Website.
You can withdraw your consent at any time, for example by deleting the cookies or by opting out via our opt-out mechanism. If you do not accept all cookies or withdraw your consent, you may still browse the Website; however, in this case you may not be able to use the full functionalities of the Website.
You may also configure the settings of your browser to activate, disable or delete cookies. Detailed instructions are provided by your browser. If you disable or delete cookies, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit the Website and some services and functionalities may not work.
4. WHICH SPECIFIC COOKIES DOES CATALINA USE?
We use the following cookies on our Website:
5. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereinafter referred to as "Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help a website to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the USA.
As the IP anonymization is activated on this Website, your IP address will be truncated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances a full IP address will be saved to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP anonymization is active on this Website. Google will use this information on our behalf for the purpose of evaluating your use of this Website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing us with other services relating to the use of this Website and the internet.
You can block the cookie’s collection of data regarding your use of this Website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser add-on found under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en .
As an alternative to the browser add-on, you can click this link in order to opt out from being tracked by Google Analytics within this Website in the future. An opt-out cookie will be stored on your device, which means that you will have to click this link again if you delete your cookies. You can find more information under the following link: http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html.
6. HOW MAY THIS COOKIE POLICY BE CHANGED?
We reserve the right to change this Cookie Policy at any time without notice to you. Catalina will promptly post any policy changes to this page. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy. If there are any material changes in the way we treat personal information, Catalina will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our Website prior to the change becoming effective.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact the Catalina Data Protection Officer at DPO@catalina.com.
You are entitled at any time to request information about your Personal Data that we store, and request us to rectify, erase or restrict the processing of your Personal Data or object to the processing of your Personal Data. An objection to data processing only has future effect and may require that the contractual relationship between us be terminated – because we cannot fulfill our obligations to you without processing your Personal Data. You also have the right to data portability.
You may also at any time withdraw any consent given, with future effect. Further, you may submit a complaint to the responsible data protection supervisory authority if you believe that we cannot sufficiently help you.
For European Union residents, Catalina has developed a privacy portal to handle data subject rights requests. Please note our portal encrypts all data that is stored within it as well as encrypts all communications. Access to your request is limited to you and our privacy team. Should you have any questions or concerns about our portal please contact privacyteam@catalina.com.
The following links provide access to our portal.
If you are a Catalina customer, you may click here. If you are an employee, former employee, or applicant you may click here. If you are a C-Wallet or Coupon Network customer you may click here.
For US residents, you can opt out of the digital services in which we are involved by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website www.aboutads.info/choices. You can also opt out of receiving behaviorally targeted ads from many other third-party advertisers who are also DAA members, using this tool. For more information regarding this practice by Catalina and other DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by DAA members, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
8. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
If you have any questions regarding our Cookie Policy, please email our data protection officer at DPO@catalina.com or contact the privacy team at privacy@catalina.com.
For more information on the processing of your personal data, please review our Privacy Policy.
Back to Top
Do not sell my personal information