http://www.clearly.ca/help#stores
Skip to main content
Help
FAQ's
Contact
Ordering & Understanding Prescriptions
What do I need to make a purchase?
For Eyeglasses
When you're looking for your next pair of glasses, you'll want to make sure you have the following information on hand to ensure that your shopping experience is fast, efficient, and easy:
Have a copy of your glasses prescription. Learn how to read your prescription.
Make sure your Pupillary Distance (PD) has been included in your prescription. Can't find your PD?
Use your current measurements from glasses or sunglasses that fit you well to find the products that will provide your ideal fit. Learn how to get your measurements.
You can also create prescription sunglasses in a variety of tints, or add Transitions® lenses to nearly any frame. Learn how to create prescription sunglasses.
Pupillary Distance (PD)
What is a PD?
A Pupillary Distance (PD) is the measurement in millimeters from the center of one pupil to the center of the other. An accurate PD helps guarantee that your prescription is properly focused to ensure full clarity and correction. Learn
More about understanding pupillary distance (PD) and why it matters to your glasses prescription.
Why can't I find my PD on my prescription?
There are two reasons why a PD may not appear on your prescription:
The first is that you may instead have a prescription for contact lenses. If you see a brand of contacts listed on your prescription, then these parameters will not work for glasses. You will have to contact your eye care professional to
ask for a separate glasses prescription to ensure that you have the most accurate vision correction.
The second is that your PD was simply not written on your prescription. If this is the case, contact your eyecare practitioner and ask them for your glasses PD. If you are unable to attain this number, you can measure your PD with a ruler.
Learn How.
Will I be able to purchase out of stock frames?
Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that a sold-out product will be restocked, and therefore cannot offer a wait list for out of stock products at this time. If you see a frame you love, act fast to avoid missing out!
Looking for style advice on how to find a similar looking frame? Call us at 1-866-414-2326.
For Contact Lenses
When you're searching for your prescribed brand of contact lenses, you'll want to make sure you have the following information on hand to ensure that your shopping experience is fast, efficient, and easy:
Have a copy of your contact lens prescription — including your base curve (BC) Diameter (Dia), expiry date, and prescribed brand. Not sure how to read your prescription? Learn
More.
Make sure you know how to safely insert and remove your contact lenses, and be sure of your wear schedule — whether it's a daily, weekly, biweekly, or monthly lens. Always speak with your eye care professional if you are unsure. Learn More about the types of contact lenses.
For all non-daily lenses, ensure that you have a clean contact lens case and the right kind of cleaning solution to avoid eye irritation and bacterial growth. Learn More about
Contact Lens Care.
Clarify the wait time for your brand — certain lens types, including multifocal, RGP, and astigmatism/toric are custom-made orders through the manufacturer and will take longer to ship. This information can be found on each brand
page, under the heading "Availability."
Contact Lens Refills & Prescription Questions
When does my prescription expire?
There should be an expiration date listed on your contact lens prescription, set by your eye care professional. In most regions, your prescription expires after 1–2 years. If you cannot find this information, we recommend speaking
directly with your doctor.
My prescription is expired — what now?
To update your prescription and renew the expiry date, we recommend that you see your eye care professional for a refreshed eye exam.
Can I automatically refill my contact lens prescription?
Our Contact Lenses by Subscription program allows you to set a recurring delivery schedule for your prescribed contact lenses that you can change or cancel at any time. You'll have the option to select this program while placing your
contact lens order. Learn more about Contact Lenses by Subscription.
How long does it take my order to ship?
How long does it take my contact lenses to ship?
Your wait time depends on your lens type. Some products — including toric/astigmatism, RGP, and multifocal lenses are custom orders through the manufacturer. Production times are listed on product pages under the heading
"Availability."
Once your contact lenses are in stock, they should be shipped within 1–2 business days and will arrive within the time estimate provided by your chosen shipping method.
Ground shipping through Canada Post takes 1–2 business days for delivery.
How long will it take for my prescription glasses to ship?
Production times for prescription lenses can vary from 2–9 business days depending on the intricacy of the prescription and the type of lens required. Once your lenses have been crafted and mounted into the frame, they will be shipped
to you using your chosen shipping method.
Ground shipping through Canada Post takes 1–2 business days for delivery, except in remote areas.
How long will it take for my non-prescription sunglasses to ship?
Non-prescription sunglasses will ship within 1–2 business days of your order being placed, provided there are no prescription products in your order. They will be shipped using your chosen shipping method.
Ground shipping through Canada Post takes 1–2 business days for delivery, except in remote areas.
How do I track my order and shipment?
You can always log into MyAccount to get up-to-date order and shipment information. Learn more
When your order ships, you will also be sent an email confirmation which includes a tracking number and instructions for how to track your order online. Your order will remain trackable within 30 days of the ship date.
Will I be charged duties and taxes?
In North America, prescription products — including prescription glasses, prescription sunglasses, and contact lenses — do not incur sales tax at the point of purchase.
Non-prescription products will incur the usual rate of tax for your region.
Shipping, Returns & Exchanges
How do I make a return?
Return policy extended:
Due to the current challenges of COVID-19, we’ve temporarily extended our return policy to 60 days from the date of delivery.
What is your return policy?
60 Day Glasses & Sunglasses Return Policy:
If you are not absolutely satisfied with your glasses, simply contact our helpful Customer Service Team via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1-866-414-2326 and
they will assist you with an exchange or a free return for refund within 60 days of delivery.
Glasses and sunglasses must be in new unworn condition and returned in their complementary cases.
Returns Past 60 Days:
Only glasses and sunglasses [assessed by Clearly as being] in their new and unworn condition and accompanied in their complementary cases that were provided are still eligible for a one-time* exchange only between
days
15 and 365. Your exchange will not be processed until the return is received and inspected for quality.
*One-time exchange means your next order purchased (exchanged) with any of the store credit generated by a return past 60 days will be a final sale, and ineligible for any return for refund or further
exchange.
Contact Lenses:
We accept returns for sealed, unopened, and unmarked boxes of contact lenses within 30 days of delivery.
RGP (rigid gas permeable) lenses are custom made for each individual order. As such, they are final sale and cannot be returned or exchanged.
Accessories:
Clearly eyeglasses cases in their original as-new condition may be returned for refund within 60 days of delivery. (After 60 days they become a final sale item.)
Contact lens cases are final sale items and cannot be returned or exchanged.
How do I return or exchange my glasses and/or sunglasses?
To make a return or exchange, simply contact our Customer Service Team within 60 days of the delivery date via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1-866-414-2326 for
a complimentary electronic shipping label and instructions for mailing your product back to us.
Once you have printed the shipping label please place your returning items in the original package or another sturdy box. Make sure the return label is clearly visible. We ask that you ship your glasses back to us as soon as possible to
initiate your refund.
How do I return my contact lenses?
To return your contact lenses, simply contact our Customer Service Team via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1-866-414-2326 within 30 days of the delivery date
for a complimentary electronic shipping label and instructions for mailing your product back to us.
Once you have printed the shipping label please place your returning items in the original package or another sturdy box. Make sure the return label is clearly visible. We ask that you ship your contacts back to us as soon as possible to
initiate your refund.
When will I get my refund?
After initiating your return with our Customer Service Team your applicable store credit and/or refund will be applied back into the original account 1–2 weeks after the order has been received and processed at our facility.
You will be notified via email when your return has been processed and when the refund has been completed.
Can I exchange my glasses order?
Yes! Once you have initiated a return for your original order, our trained Customer Service Representative would be happy to help you find a fantastic new pair of glasses.
Our Customer Service Representative will walk you through the process of finding the right size, style, and fit for you. Our Customer Service Representative are trained and supported by our in-house licensed optician to ensure that your
glasses lenses will be tailored to fit your frame and prescription needs.
We can also help you place a new order with your original order’s promotion under the original promotion's guidelines within 30 days of your original order.
Note: as your returned order will be refunded upon receipt as applicable, your exchange order will be subject to payment in full.
What is the product warranty?
What is your 365 day warranty?
If you experience a manufacturing defect within 365 days of delivery, contact our Customer Service Team via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1-866-414-2326 for help with your one-time
replacement.
Warranty claims are subject to review; upon assessing a photo of the defect, any glasses or sunglasses classified as defective may be returned for a one time replacement. Our warranty does not cover damage caused by the wear and tear of
everyday use, sudden force or impact, accidental damage, including but not limited to: lens scratches, loose hinges, missing screws, broken frames, detached temple tips or detached nose pads.
Any cosmetic issues, such as scratches, paint chips or marks, are not covered by warranty unless they occur straight from the box and are reported within 60 days of delivery; after 60 days they will be classified as wear and tear and be
ineligible for any return or warranty claim.
How do I know if I’m not adjusting to my prescription?
It can up to 10 days to adjust to a new glasses prescription. To successfully adapt, make sure that you are only wearing your new glasses and not switching back to your old prescription. It can also be beneficial to have the frames
professionally fitted to your face.
If you are still having trouble after 10 days, contact us and our trained Customer Service Representative, supported by our in-house licensed optician, can address any questions or concerns. To best assist you, please have a copy of your
prescription available. Our Customer Service Representative will need to know the details of your experience with your new glasses and may request a photo of you wearing your glasses to assist with finding a solution.
Is there a warranty on contact lenses?
Defective lenses are rare as the contact lenses arrive directly to us from the manufacturer. However, if you believe you may have received a defective product, contact our Customer Service Representative for further assistance. We may be
able to provide a credit or replacement product for confirmed defects.
What is ASAP Delivery?
How does ASAP Delivery work?
Find your contact lens brand
Input your prescription, add to cart, and we'll confirm your product's availability.
Enter your address and we’ll confirm your location’s eligibility.
Enter your cell phone number so the courier can contact you directly.
Choose your guaranteed arrival timeframe from the delivery options listed.
Complete your order and we’ll get your contact lenses out to you.
Delivery guidelines
Make sure that someone is at your apartment or office to sign for delivery. Remember to keep your cell phone handy: the courier will contact you if they need to reach you during delivery. If shipping to your home, the courier will deliver
in person or leave the order in a secure location at their discretion.
Why am I ineligible for same day ASAP Delivery?
Location
While we’re hoping to expand this service, at the moment ASAP Delivery is only offered in the cities of Vancouver, New Westminster, and Burnaby. Not all postal codes are eligible. Once you enter your postal code in our system, we can
confirm eligibility. Ineligible postal codes will be remove ASAP Delivery from the shipping options.
Special order
Not all contact lenses are available in stock. Toric (for astigmatism), multifocal, RGP, and other specialty lenses are a custom order through the manufacturer and cannot be shipped on the same day they are ordered.
Unavailable Rx
Occasionally we will temporarily run out of stock on a particular prescription for an in stock contact lens product. If this happens, you will be removed from the ASAP Delivery service as we will need to order this product directly from the
manufacturer before we can ship it to you.
Other products
ASAP Delivery is only available for in stock items. Products that require assembly, such as glasses, cannot be shipped on the same day they are ordered.
Order value
At this time ASAP Delivery is not available for orders over $500.
Need more info? Call 1-866-414-2326
What do I do if my contacts lenses have frozen?
Are my contact lenses still good if they’ve frozen?
Yes, your brand-new contacts are still good even if the packets have frozen due to extreme weather conditions. You do not need to throw them out, because they are still salvageable.
All you need to do is let your frozen contact lens packets thaw at room temperature.
The contact lenses are protected by the solution in which they are stored. As long as the seal on the package remains intact, the contacts inside will remain sterile.
How long will it take to defrost?
It is suggested that you let them defrost overnight, leaving them at room temperature. They should be thawed and ready for wear the next morning.
Do not try to speed up the process by placing the frozen contacts in a warm setting, as the heat can change the chemical properties in the solution and negatively impact the quality of your contacts.
What do I do once my contacts have thawed?
Once defrosted, rinse your contacts with fresh saline solution before inserting them into your eyes. You can then wear them as usual, following your regular wear schedule.
While this occurrence is very rare, if your contacts have become uncomfortable or defective after being frozen, please discard the lens and contact our Customer Service Team right away.
Extreme cold weather can also leave your eyes feeling very dry while wearing contacts, so we also suggest using lubricating eye drops when needed; this will help keep your eyes moisturized.
MyAccount
What is MyAccount?
MyAccount is your central hub for order and prescription information — ensuring fast and easy checkout and delivery.
We recommend signing in as soon as you visit our site to save your favourites, and quickly access your saved prescriptions, payment, and shipping information.
What are the benefits of MyAccount?
Access and manage the following with MyAccount:
Track your Shipment(s)
See your Order History
Print Receipts, Learn how.
Save your Favourites
Access your Personal Profile (update & change your password)
Review your securely stored Address & Payment Information
Manage your prescriptions
and more — all by logging in at the start
You can also set up automatic contact lens refills and refer your friends.
How do I print my receipt(s)?
Log into your MyAccount
Click on Order History
Select "View all orders"
Click "Print Receipt" and you'll see your receipt formatted for printing.
Note: a receipt will only be generated once your order has shipped.
How do I reset my password?
If you've forgotten your password you can provide the email address that you've used and we will email you a reset message. If you simply want to change your password from within your account, select "Personal Profile" and then "Change
Password".
Discounts, Price Matching & Taxes Price Match
How do I apply discounts?
Discounts when available, can be applied during checkout. After selecting your products, you will be able to view your cart before confirming your purchase. At this point, there will be an opportunity to apply your discount code.
Products that are already discounted may not be eligible for further discounts.
What is your price match guarantee?
If I see a lower price on contact lenses, will you match it?
Our Price Match Guarantee means that we will match the price of any authorized online retailer. This total price includes the final amount, at checkout, for the same number of boxes, containing the same number of lenses, along with any
applicable shipping, handling, and additional fees charged by the competitor. Any sales offered by the competitor must be active at the time of the price match, and our representatives must be able to replicate the final price. Cached and
third party links, mail-in rebates, limited time offers of less than 48 hours, “limited box quantity” offers, discontinued product clearance sales, and promotions that have ended are not valid. The price match cannot be combined with any
offer on our site. We will match up to a maximum discount of $100 per order.
How do I price match my contacts?
To receive the Price Match Guarantee:
Contact us either just before making your order on our site, or within 30 days of placing your order with us.
The lower-priced online merchant must have the product currently in stock, the product listed must be identical (including number of lenses per box), and must be an established site as determined by Clearly.
Shipping and handling charges, exchange rates, sales taxes, and any other fees charged by the competitor will be included in the total when determining the price match.
You can perform a maximum of 3 price matches within a 90-day period.
The guarantee is based on the competitor's final price. As such, we cannot combine the competitor’s offer with any coupons or codes featured on our site. This offer does not extend to custom, made-to-order, and RGP lenses.
This offer is exclusive to contact lenses. Glasses are not eligible for price matches with other sites
Note: Merchant prices found through third party ads are not eligible for price matches. Prices must be validated by our Customer Service Representative in order to be matched.
Can I price match my glasses?
We do not offer the ability to price match glasses or sunglasses featured on competitor sites, however if your eyeglasses or sunglasses go on sale on our site within 30 days of your purchase, we will provide an adjustment for the difference
in cost. After 30 days have passed, we are not able to extend this offer. Please note that this does not include the following brands as they are excluded from all offers, sales, discounts, and coupons: Ray-Ban, Oakley,
Bolon, Arnette, Coach, Michael Kors, Polo, Ralph Lauren, Tory Burch, Versace, Emporio Armani, Ralph by Ralph Lauren, Dior, Vogue and Brooks Brothers.
Can I add a coupon code to my order after checkout?
We can apply a coupon to your order and adjust your cost within 30 days of your purchase date. After 30 days have passed, we are not able to extend this offer.
Price match form
Are prescription products taxed?
In North America, prescription products — including prescription glasses, prescription sunglasses, and prescription contact lenses — do not incur sales tax at the point of purchase. Non-prescription products will be taxed at the
usual rate for your region.
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Security Policy
Accessibility
Essilor Canada is committed to creating an inclusive environment and applying principles of fairness in all that relates to employment, services, goods, facilities and convenience measures for our employees and our customers.
You will find the link in .pdf format to our policy on Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).
Your comments and suggestions are an essential part of this ongoing process that allows us to develop new practices and offers to better serve you.
To contact us:
Phone: 514-337-2943 ext 1318
Email: peoplewithdisabilities@essilor.ca
Mail: 371 Deslauriers, St-Laurent QC, H4N1W2
We’re here to help
Welcome! In addition to our contact information below, our FAQ section includes answers to our top customer questions.
Order Tracking
Available 24/7
with tracking number
Track your order
Chat
Available 24/7
Chat with an agent
Call us
Available 24/7
Call 1-866-414-2326
Email
Inbox Open 24/7
Response Time: 24 Hours
customerservice@clearly.ca
How to read my RX
Insurance & Online Purchases
Eye Care
Trustpilot
Sign up for news and exclusive offers from Clearly.
Your e-mail address
Sign Up
You can unsubscribe at any time. Please see
privacy policy
Sign up successful!
You're good to go! Thank you for joining.
Looks like you’ve already subscribed!
Add us to your favourites so you don’t miss out
The Clearly Difference
Our Story
Careers
Our Mission
Find a Store
International Sites
United States
Australia
New Zealand
Shop With Confidence
Track Your Order
Our Promise
Return Policy
Contact Us
Help
Eye Health
How to read your prescription
Eye Health FAQ’s Contact Lens Misconceptions Contact lens care
International Sites
United States
Australia
New Zealand
Copyright © 2020 Clearly. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
New customers get 20% off first order of contacts & free shipping when you sign up for email
You can unsubscribe at any time. Please see
Privacy Policy
Sign up
Please enter a valid email address.
You can unsubscribe at any time. Please see
Privacy Policy
New customers get 20% off first order of contacts & free shipping when you sign up for email
Sign up for email to receive code
Sign up»
We promise to never share your information.
Privacy Policy