http://www.verdecoffee.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Servicing & TrainingOffersAccessories
Barista SuppliesCoffee & Espresso CupsCleaning ChemicalsStirrers & StrawsTopping DispensersWater SoftenersCoffee Knock out BoxesTake Away Cups & LidsFilter Coffee SuppliesPoint of Sale
Consumables
TeaPureesChaiBiscuitsChocolateSyrup & SaucesHot ChocolateToppingsSugarFrappe MixesSmoothiesSingle Serving
Equipment
Coffee GrindersHot Chocolate MachinesHot Water BoilersBlendersCafetieres and Coffee PotsWater SoftenersCoffee Knock Out BoxesFilter | Pour and Serve
Coffee
Categories
Instant Coffee
Coffee Capsules & Pods
Filter Coffee Sachets
Cafetiere Coffee
Espresso Coffee Bean Blends
Single Origin Coffee Beans
Coffee Machines
Traditional Espresso MachinesBean to Cup Espresso MachinesCoffee Machine DealsCommercial Coffee Machines
Account
Search
Cart
Your cart is empty
Call
0800 980 6009 to see how we can support your business with all your coffee needs
At Verde Coffee your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you become a member is used to process your orders and to provide a more personalised experience on our site. Our site uses a 128 bit encrypted SSL to increase the security of our customer's information. However, we Verde Coffee do not guarantee complete security on stored information, however, we have installed and applied our encrypted pages and installed our SSL certificate to prevent stolen information.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
When you become a verdecoffee.co.uk member, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, address and e-mail address as well as some demographic information such as gender and date of birth. verdecoffee.co.uk will NOT share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis. Your name and address information is used solely to process orders unless your prior consent is given. Without your consent, this information will NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfillment. Your demographic information (gender, date of birth, etc.) will be used for several security purposes, to ensure you are who you say you are and in fact you are paying with your credit cards and not someone using your stolen credit cards.
Our Use of Log Files
When you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times. We utilise this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so that we can maximize your enjoyment of the site. Log files are not tied to personally identifiable information.
Site Security
All verdecoffee.co.uk employees take your personal information very seriously. All employees must learn and obey our security policies. Access to member personal information is limited to key management personnel and our member services department. The information is ID and password protected and our Web security is reviewed on a monthly basis. We have also installed and implied our site with a 128 bit encryption SSL.
Correcting/Updating Your Personal Information
After becoming an verdecoffee.co.uk subscriber you may correct/update your personal information by clicking on the 'My Account' link at the top of any page, entering your ID, password and birth date when prompted and clicking the Edit Information button. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, you may contact our member services group through the 'My Account' section, or the 'Contact Us' section.
Links To Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving the verdecoffee.co.uk site and entering another Web site. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Communication
From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to remind you about providing feedback or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to contact you for administrative purposes such as winning a contest. Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose to receive our newsletter, it will contain promotional materials from verdecoffee.co.uk.
Your Choices
Access, Correction, Deletion
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may have provided through your use of the Services. If you wish to access or amend any other Personal Data we hold about you, or to request that we delete or transfer any information about you that we have obtained from an Integrated Service, you may contact us as set forth in the “Feedback” section. At your request, we will have any reference to you deleted or blocked in our database. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so. You may decline to share certain Personal Data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some services. At any time, you may object to the processing of your Personal Data, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you believe your right to privacy granted by applicable data protection laws has been infringed upon, please contact us at info@verdecoffee.co.uk. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities.
Navigation Information
You may opt out from the collection of navigation information about your visit to the Site by Google Analytics by using the Google Analytics Opt-out feature.
Opting out from Commercial Communications
If you receive commercial emails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to the address provided in the “Feedback” section. Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process your request. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding purchases.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to measure and evaluate access to and traffic on the Public Area of the Site, and create user navigation reports for our Site administrators. Google operates independently from us and has its own privacy policy, which we strongly suggest you review. Google may use the information collected through Google Analytics to evaluate Users' and Visitors’ activity on our Site. For more information, see Google Analytics Privacy and Data Sharing. We take measures to protect the technical information collected by our use of Google Analytics. The data collected will only be used on a need to know basis to resolve technical issues, administer the Site and identify visitor preferences; but in this case, the data will be in non-identifiable form. We do not use any of this information to identify Visitors or Users.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Supplementation
We may correct or supplement your address information with standardised postal representation in order to ensure that your orders are delivered. We do this since we want to make sure that our members receive the order and to lower costs associated with our programs.
Contests
Periodically, contests are run on our site. To enter these contests you need only to enter your ID and password and your guess. At the time of entry, you may decide if you wish to have your first name and state posted on our site if you are the winner. Winner's names are NEVER shared with our customers without their consent.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's hard drive which identify you when you enter. The ability to select samples on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies to provide a seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we can understand our site traffic and analyze our demographic information in aggregate form. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, our site will not identify you when you enter and you will need to manually type in your ID and password.
Your Feedback is Always Welcome
We welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy - or anything else you might want to talk about. To contact us click
You can reach us via email at info@verdecoffee.co.uk Verde Coffee Unit D2 Atlantic Gate Atlantic Trading Estate Hayes Road Barry CF63 3RF
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@verdecoffee.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Unit D2 Atlantic Gate Atlantic Trading Estate Barry Vale of Glamorgan CF63 3RF.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
eKomi
Subscribe