http://www.protectamerica.com/terms-and-conditions
keyboard_arrow_leftProtect AmericaPlansEquipmentHow it WorksGet a Free QuoteGet a Free Quotekeyboard_arrow_leftProtect America
Get startedPlansEquipmentHow it WorksGet a Free QuoteShop NowGet helpSupportLoginHomePlansGet QuoteCall UsTerms & ConditionsAt Protect America, we take your security very seriously, we value your trust, and understand that protecting your personal information is our most important responsibility. We have taken many important steps to ensure the security and integrity of your personal information.Protect America Security of InformationComputer Security MeasuresAt Protect America, we take your security very seriously, we value your trust, and understand that protecting your personal information is our most important responsibility. We have taken many important steps to ensure the security and integrity of your personal information.All of the pages that you provide your sensitive personal information to us are secure. The padlock icon found in most browsers will appear locked and the first characters of the website address will change from "http" to "https" if you are accessing a secure server which lets you know that your information is encrypted. If you have any questions regarding the security of your personal information, please call toll free 1-800-951-5111, extension 8247.You can trust that your information remains secure because our computer systems are protected in the following ways:Secure Transmissions. This ensures that your information remains confidential. We use encryption technology, such as Secure Socket Layer (SSL), to transmit information between you and us. We use some of the strongest forms of encryption available to prevent eavesdropping, tampering, and message forgery. This protects your information in three key ways:Authentication. This ensures that you are communicating with Protect America, and prevents other computers from impersonating us.Encryption. This scrambles transferred data so it cannot be read by unauthorized parties. From the moment information leaves your computer to the time it enters Protect America's system, all online access and sessions are encrypted. During any transaction, our encryption turns your information into code with billions of possible variations to make it secure. Once we receive the information, our computer systems decipher the code back into meaningful information so that we can complete your request. Only Protect America authorized individuals are allowed to access the information.Data Integrity. This verifies that the information you send to us is not altered during the transfer. The system detects if data was added, deleted, or altered after you sent the message.Anti-Virus Protection. This detects and prevents viruses from entering our computer network systems. In addition, every email we send and receive is scanned by two systems before the message is transmitted and each individual computer is protected with it's own anti-virus protection.Firewalls. This blocks unauthorized access by individuals or networks. Firewalls are one way we protect our computer systems that interact with the Internet.Privacy Policy. This lets you know what we do with your information once we have it. Your privacy is extremely important and our Privacy Policy is TRUSTe® certified for your protection.Credit Approval ProcessA basic credit check is required for approval when ordering your security system online or from one of our representatives. In order to protect your identity, Protect America requires your social security number to check your credit through Equifax and in some cases Trans Union. Our security of information policies listed above ensure that your information is safe and secure.Our online credit check process uses Equifax Decision Power. When you enter your information on Step 2 of the ordering process and click the "Next" button, your encrypted information is transmitted through the Equifax system to review your credit. We recommend entering your information as well as that of your spouse/co-applicant when you are submitting your order.Once Protect America has run your credit through the credit agencies, you will receive a message to proceed with your on-line order, and then alerted when your on-line order has been processed; otherwise, you will be directed to call, Protect America at 1-800-951-5111.If you have any questions regarding the Credit Approval Process, please call toll free 1-800-951-5111, extension 8247.Payment InformationWhen you place your order online, Protect America accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. Your credit card information is used to pay for your total due at the time of your order and it will also be used to automatically pay your monthly monitoring bill each month. Our security of information policies listed above ensure that your information is safe and secure. If you would like to change the credit card used for your monthly payments, simply call 1-800-951-5111Lifetime Warranty for Your Home Security EquipmentMost alarm companies charge an extra monthly fee to have a warranty on your home monitoring security system. At Protect America, we stand behind our product with a FREE Lifetime Warranty that covers your home monitoring security system equipment for as long as you are a customer.Protect America will send replacement parts for qualified defective home monitoring security equipment to our Customers for the cost of shipping only, during the period of time the Customer is monitored by Protect America, Inc.This warranty period will remain in effect as long as the customer complies with the terms of the Standard Monitoring Agreement and the system is monitored by a Protect America, Inc. monitoring facility. The Warranty does not include batteries, or damages as a result of abuse, act of God, or in the event product is not used for its intended purposes.If you need to obtain a replacement component for your system, you must contact the Protect America, Inc. customer service group at 1-800-951-5111. Protect America, Inc. will attempt to resolve the equipment problem over the phone or through a diagnostic check of the system over the telephone line. If the problem cannot be solved remotely, Protect America, Inc. will ship a replacement component to customer to replace defective component. Customer must return the defective component to Protect America, Inc.Low Price GuaranteeWe're so confident that our current Bronze, Silver, Gold, and Platinum Package promotions are the best price available online for wireless home security systems, we're willing to put money on it to back our claim. If you find a lower price for the same amount of wireless home security systems as we offered, we'll match the price. Just e-mail Protect America the website address where the lower price is advertised within 7 days of your purchase to LowPriceGuarantee@ProtectAmerica.com with:Name of Account HolderEmail address of your Protect America accountTelephone number with area codeDate your order was placedPrice quoted online by our competitorComplete Web address (URL) reflecting the lower price you found online for the same equipment and service you purchased from Protect America.Remember to make a printout or take a screen shot of the page with the lower rate to substantiate the lower price, in case a customer service representative has questions. You can expect a response to your claim within 48 hours. Please read the Low Price Guarantee terms and conditions below for full details.Low Price Guarantee Terms and ConditionsThe Low Price Guarantee is available to any customer who makes a qualifying purchase of the Protect America Bronze, Silver, Gold, and Platinum Package promotions which includes the following equipment:Bronze Package - One master control panel, six door or window sensors, one motion detector, one yard sign, three window warning stickers, one instruction manual, and one instruction video on DVD.Silver Package - One master control panel, nine door or window sensors, one yard sign, one motion detector three window warning stickers one instruction manual, and one instruction video on DVD.Gold Package - One master control panel, eleven door or window sensors, one motion detector, one yard sign, three window warning stickers, one instruction manual, and one instruction video on DVD.Platinum Package - One master control panel, fourteen door or window sensors, one motion detector, one yard sign, three window warning stickers, one instruction manual, and one instruction video on DVD.If you find a lower price for the same wireless equipment package and service on any other Web site within 7 days of making your confirmed purchase from Protect America, Protect America will match the price.Low Price Guarantee does not apply to customers who are required to pay a deposit.The competitor price must be directly from a licensed security provider and not from a marketing company, promotional company, or third party website. The company must have been in business prior to the start of this promotion. Protect America reserves the right to deny any claims that cannot be verified, that appear fraudulent, or for which you have provided incomplete information.Low Price Guarantee only applies for the same wireless security system and is not valid for prices quoted for other security systems or equipment.To submit a price match request, send an email within 7 days of your Protect America purchase to LowPriceGuarantee@ProtectAmerica.com containing the following information:Name of Account HolderEmail address of your Protect America accountTelephone number with area codeDate your order was placedPrice quoted online by our competitorComplete Web address (URL) reflecting the lower price you found onlinefor the same equipment and service you purchased from Protect America.Protect America will contact you via email within 48 hours. If we are unable to verify the lower price, we will request additional information and documentation (such as a screen shot) from you in order to verify the lower on-line price. Please keep a copy of all such documentation.Upon verification of the lower online price, Protect America will match the price and update your account to reflect the new price within approximately 10 business days.The Low Price Guarantee applies only to on-line rates available to the general public. It does not apply to membership or corporate rates or special discounted rates and cannot be combined with any other offer.Protect America will not be liable for matching the price under the Low Price Guarantee with respect to prices loaded in error by Protect America or any printing, typographical, administrative or technological errors in any materials relating to in any materials relating to prices backed by the Low Price Guarantee.These Low Price Guarantee Terms and Conditions include and incorporate by reference the standard Protect America Terms and Conditions and constitute the entire understanding between you and Protect America relating to your security system purchase.Void where prohibited by law. Protect America reserves the right to modify or cancel the Low Price Guarantee at any time without prior notice. Any modification will be effective upon posting of modified Low Price Guarantee Terms and Conditions on the Protect America web site. Any cancellation will be effective upon removal of references to the Low Price Guarantee and the Low Price Guarantee Terms and Conditions from the Protect America web site.Cancellation PolicyCustomer may cancel this Agreement by returning all of the Equipment outlined in the Agreement within fifteen (15) days of the initial shipment date from PAI to Customer. The return package must be postmarked within 15 days of the original shipment date and returned postage paid to Protect America, Inc. 3800 Quick Hill Road, Building 1-100, Austin, Texas 78728. Equipment that is physically returned within the first three (3) days following the signing of the Agreement, postmarked date on package is within three (3) days following the signing of the Agreement or if Customer calls Protect America to cancel Agreement within the first three (3) days following the signing of the Agreement, Customer will not be held liable to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and all monies successfully charged will be refunded. Customers cancelling outside the three (3) days as described but within fifteen (15) days will be responsible for the monthly service rate collected at the time the Agreement was signed and this service fee will not be refunded. In all cases previously stated, all Equipment outlined in the Agreement that is not returned will be billed to Customer. Protect America recommends all returns are sent with tracking in the event verification of the return is needed.Equipment Return PolicyProtect America offers a variety of additional equipment and services to help complete your home security program. Customers have thirty (30) days from the date of purchase to return additional equipment purchased for a full refund. Returned equipment that is visibly damaged and/or not returned in the same condition may not be eligible for a refund. The return package must be postmarked within thirty (30) days from the original purchase date and returned postage paid to: 3800 Quick Hill Road; Building 1-100; Austin, TX 78728. Customer may be required to provide proof of delivery. A restocking fee will not apply.closeThe security you deserve at the lowest price, guaranteed.Get a Free Quote Free Quote