http://www.adamselevator.com/ec/policy.htm
Adams Elevator Website Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected by Adams Elevator Equipment Company (“Adams Elevator,” “we” or “us”) at this web site (“Web Site”), how that information may be used and with whom the information may be shared, among other things.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected at this Web Site, and not to information you disclose or that we obtain other than through this Web Site.
You are authorized to use this Web Site only if you agree to this Privacy Policy.
PLEASE NOTE: Your use of this Web Site constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, and when we do, we will post on this Web Site a notice that the Privacy Policy has been modified. Any modification will be effective on the effective date that appears on the modified Policy. Each time you use this Web Site, you should check the effective date of this Privacy Policy and review any changes since the last time you visited the site. Your continued use of this Web Site following modification of the Privacy Policy will be conclusively deemed to signify your acceptance of the modification.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
We may use server log analysis tools to gather and analyze information regarding our Web Site's usage, such as the number of hits received, our most/least visited pages, errors experienced by users, and browsers and platforms used to connect to our Web Site. The following are examples of information about your visit that is, or may be, collected for this purpose: IP address, type of browser and/or operating system, internet service provider (ISP), the date and time you visited this Web Site, the web pages you visited, the action you tried to perform (e.g., get a document or post content), and codes that correspond to the status of your action (e.g., successful request, document not found, etc.).
This information may be collected via a number of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, clear GIFs and other means. You can remove certain cookies by following the directions in your Internet browser’s “help” file. If you disable cookies, you may still browse our website, but your ability to use some areas of our site my be limited.
The above information belongs to us and is used to improve the content, layout and/or operation of our Web Site. We may release this information in the aggregate, for example, by sharing it with our partners or authorized service providers, or by publishing a report on the usage of the Web Site.
2.
INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO PROVIDE
We may collect, store and use any personally identifiable information you choose to provide. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies or describes you, including but not limited to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. You may also provide non-personally identifiable information, such as the name of your employer, employer address, general employer contact information, etc..
We may use the information you provide to deliver the services you have requested, for example:
• if you supply us with your e-mail address, we may send you updates and alerts about our products and services. We may also use your e-mail address to respond to messages you send us.
• if you purchase a product, we may use the credit card information you provide to bill you for the product.
In addition:
• we may use the information you provide to operate and maintain this Web Site and to improve our content, services and communications with you.
You may correct or update your personally identifiable information on file with us, or you can let us know at any time if you no longer wish to receive information or messages from us, by contacting us at the address below. We will not share your personally identifiable information once you have informed us that you no longer wish to receive information from us, but we do not have control over information shared with third parties prior to receipt of notice from you.
3. DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES OF INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO PROVIDE
• We do not rent, sell or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes, without your consent.
• We may share it with our authorized service providers, for example, those that support our Web Site functionality, or those that process payments for us. We may also chose to share PII with our marketing firm in conjunction with the development of sales promotions, advertising campaigns, product bulletins, etc.
• We may disclose it in response to a subpoena or court order, or in response to a request from a law enforcement or other government agency, to establish or exercise our legal rights or those of our licensors, to defend against claims or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect person or property. We reserve the right to transfer all personally identifiable information in our possession to a successor organization.
4. RETENTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We will maintain the personally identifiable information you provide for so long as we, in our sole discretion, believe is necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes for which the information was collected, or to comply with applicable laws, contracts or other rules or regulations.
5. E-MAIL
• We may send you messages regarding your status as a registered user, your subscription or other transactional or relationship messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them.
• If you opt-in to receive marketing materials from us, we may use the e-mail address you provide to send you messages about products or services we believe may be of interest to you. At any time, you can “opt out” of receiving promotional e-mail messages from us, by contacting us at the address below. It may take us ten (10) days to process your request.
6.
CHILDREN
This Web Site is intended for adults. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen.
7.
SECURITY
We maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect the personal information you provide from unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure; and we require that our authorized service providers that have access to your personal information implement and maintain such security procedures and practices as well. For example, we use industry-standard tools such as firewalls to protect your personal information; we host our servers in a physically secure environment; and when you provide personal information through this Web Site, we use a secure socket layer (SLL) connection to enhance security by means of encryption. Please note, however, that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and that no security measures are 100% effective against hackers. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of your personally identifiable information.
8. USERS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
This privacy policy is governed by the laws of the United States, which is where this website and the personally identifiable information we collect from you is hosted. You should be aware that when you submit your personally identifiable information to us through this website, your information will be handled in accordance with the laws of the United States. By providing any personally identifiable information to us through this website, all users, including, without limitation, users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the submission, collection, and processing of such information in the United States.
9.
EFFECTIVE DATE; HOW TO CONTACT US
This Privacy Policy is effective 01/01/2012.
If you have questions about it, please contact us by e-mail or postal mail as follows:
Heather L. Fitzsimmons, Privacy Officer
Adams Elevator Equipment Company
100 South Wacker Dr., Ste. 1250
Chicago, IL 60606-4004
USA
E-mail: Heather.L.Fitzsimmons@US.Schindler.com
Phone: 973-397-6059
Fax: 973-397-6574