https://www.exorint.com/en/privacy
Embedded
X Platform
Security
Products
Certifications
About us
Updates
Support
Contact us
English
Deutsch
Italiano
Embedded
X Platform
Security
Products
Certifications
About us
Updates
Support
Contact us
Exor International. (“Exor”) provides this Privacy Statement to make you aware of our privacy practices and the choices you can make about how your personal information is collected and used, both on-line and off-line. To make this notice easy to access, it is available on the bottom of every Exor web page.
We’ve structured our web site so that you can visit us without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Throughout this Privacy Statement, personal information refers to any information that is unique to an individual, such as name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc. If you do share your personal information with us, you can be assured that it will only be used to support your relationship with Exor International.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. What information we collect2. How we use the information3. Whom we share the information with4. Choice5. Onward Transfer6. Access and Accuracy7. Security8. Tailoring E-Mail Communications and Web Experiences9. How Exor Uses Cookies10. Adjusting Browser Cookie Settings11. Links to Third Party Web Sites12. Changes to the Privacy Statement13. Contact Information
1 – What information we collect
During the course of your relationship with us, we may collect personal information to enable you to order products or services, download software updates, make requests, and register for customized communications programs. We may collect such personal information as your name, contact and billing information, transaction and credit card information. To tailor our subsequent communications to you and improve our products and services, we may ask you to provide information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences. Personal information may be required to determine access eligibility for certain restricted parts of our site.
Data collected on-line may be combined with information provided off-line.
2 – How we use the information
Exor International uses your personal information to better understand your needs and provide you with a better service. Specifically, we use your personal information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you, provide updates on service and benefits, and to personalize our web sites and communications with you. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. We will always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such contact. If you would like to read more about how to opt-out, please follow the directions given below in the Choice section of this document. In addition, we will also follow local requirements where applicable.
3 – Whom we share the information with
Exor International does not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others. Unless we have your permission or are required by law, we only share your personal information with other Exor entities or business partners who are acting on our behalf for the uses described above. Such Exor entities and business partners are governed by our privacy policies with respect to the use of this data and are bound by the appropriate confidentiality agreements.
4 – Choice
Exor International will not use or share your personal information in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first notifying you and offering a choice. We will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you wish to opt-out at any time of certain or all contact from Exor, and we will do everything we can to honor such requests. This choice may be offered at the bottom of our on-line or off-line communications to you as well as on many of our web registration pages. If you have any difficulty exercising your choices, please send your request to contact us.
Your permission will always be secured first, should we ever decide to share your personal information with third parties that are not acting on our behalf and governed by our privacy policy.
5 – Onward Transfer
Subject to your permission or as permitted by law, the personal information that you provide to us may be transferred within Exor International across state or country borders. This may be done to consolidate data storage or to simplify the management of customer information.
6 – Access and Accuracy
Exor strives to keep your personal information accurate. We will provide you with access to your personal information, including making every effort to provide you with online access to your registration data so that you may review, update or correct your information at the Exor International site where it was submitted. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or enabling you to make corrections. To access your personal information, return to the web page where you originally entered it and follow the instructions on that web page.
If you cannot access your information on the web page, please telephone Exor International for assistance, or send your request to info.it@exorint.com
7 – Security
Exor International is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of personal information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure it.
8 – Tailoring E-Mail Communications and Web Experiences
On occasion Exor International may employ technologies that enable us to review which recipients have opened our e-mail communications and which links they have accessed in the message. This helps us to tailor our communications in our attempts to send you the most relevant information, as local laws and your preferences and permissions allow. As a registered user, we may also monitor your web browsing session while you are logged-in to exorint.net. In this way we will try to improve our web site through personalization to better meet your needs. Any such monitoring is done in accordance with local laws.
9 – How Exor Uses Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a passwordtimeuse our site. The only drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas on our track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site or for advertising tracking purposes. We do not use cookies to collect private information from any user.
10 – Adjusting Browser Cookie Settings
For information on how to adjust your browser regarding cookies, please visit:
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
11 – Links to Third Party Web Sites
Links to third party web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Exor International site. Exor International has not reviewed all of these third party sites; does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites, their content or their privacy policies. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
12 – Changes to the Privacy Statement
All material changes to our Privacy Policy and practices will be posted on this page. The revision date shown at the bottom of the page will be updated accordingly.
13 – Contact Information
If you have any questions about this terms, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us.
last revised 24th May 2018
Newsletter Subscription
Only sent when we truly believe there is real value in the information provided