http://www.transcriptiongear.com/privacy-policy/
Questions? Call toll-free: 888-834-2392 // Live Tech Support 8AM-5PM M-F ETSupport Knowledge Base
Home
/
Online Privacy Policy
Last Update / Review - May 25, 2018
Who we are
TranscriptionGear.Com is fully committed to providing our customers with products and services that provide outstanding quality, customer service and value. Our Online Privacy Policy outlines our commitment to serve you and to protecting your privacy online. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the TranscriptionGear.Com web site. We do not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third party. Visitors to the TranscriptionGear.Com site are governed by the Terms of Use Agreement (please review) and agree to all the stipulations and terms. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated. Our Online Privacy Policy may change from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site so please check back periodically. By using this service after we post changes, you indicate your acceptance to those changes.
Our website address is: https://www.TranscriptionGear.Com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
In order to use certain features on our site, we will ask you to register. When you register, we collect personally identifiable information about you: your name, mailing address, e-mail address, user name and password, (and your phone number if you are making purchases In addition to registration, at other times we may ask you for personal information, including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest; when you enter an order or make a purchase; when you complete a survey; and when you report a problem with our site. We use this information to help us to make our site more useful to you.
Our site may offer promotions by marketing partners. You will also be asked for personal information if you choose to participate in a program offered on our site by one of our marketing partners or an advertiser. You will know when a promotion on our site involves a marketing partner because that will always be disclosed. For instance, if you choose to participate in a sweepstakes promotion offered on our site, our co-sponsor will collect personal information from you from their entry form. The co-sponsors identity will be disclosed in the sweepstakes rules. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to these third party promotions and you should read their Privacy Policy before participating.
When you use our web site, we also collect your IP address, browser type, domain name and access time, and keep records of this information. This information does not identify you personally, it is collected for aggregate only reporting on site activity used by us and for security. For example, we may use this information to determine average visit length, unique visitors, and aggregate browser reports. When you post on message boards or our forum, you grant TranscriptionGear.Com unrestricted use of that material, including your name and hometown. Please see our Terms of Agreement for more information. Users should be aware that personal information voluntarily disclosed on message boards and discussion forums can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages to you from other parties.
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a customized experience while visiting our web site. We may e-mail you with messages and advertising which we think will be of interest to you, which you have opted in to receive. We will not disclose your e-mail address to any third party for their use. If you do not wish to receive e-mail messages and promotions from us you can unsubscribe anytime. Please note that partaking in some online activities will disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties, such as when you include your name and e-mail address in a message posting. In these cases, your choice to disclose personally identifiable information is voluntary. TranscriptionGear.Com may provide personal information to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, police investigations, or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. We may also disclose account information in cases where we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or investigate or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, our other web site users and their rights or property, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. Promotions that run on our site may be sponsored by companies other than TranscriptionGear.Com or may be co-sponsored by TranscriptionGear.Com and another company. You will know when this happens because our co-sponsor will be identified in the promotion or in the rules if it is a contest or sweepstakes. Some or all data collected during a promotion may be shared with a sponsor and used by that sponsor for marketing. Many promotions offer opportunities to request additional information from sponsors. By requesting more information, you give us permission to transfer your personal information to the sponsors so they can fulfill your request. You can decide not to participate in a promotion if you don't want your data to be collected and used for marketing purposes. Please be aware that advertisements, including banner ads, and web sites that have links on our site, may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those advertisers or web sites linked to our site are not covered by this privacy policy.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we値l track:
Products you致e viewed: we値l use this to, for example, show you products you致e recently viewed
Location, IP address and browser type: we値l use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
Shipping address: we値l ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We値l also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you池e browsing our site.
When you purchase from us, we値l ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We値l use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
Comments/Reviews
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor's IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. Most images are served from a CDN
Contact forms
If you fill out a form on our website, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
Most of our forms are used to provide a service or information. When filling out a form that will add you to our marketing lists, you will need to give us permission to add you. We do not assume that you would like to receive these.
Cookies
To help our site serve your needs better, we use cookies to store and sometimes track information.
If you leave a comment/review on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you're logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Analytics
We aggregate information on the user base for our site and share this with our advertisers. Of course, none of this information identifies you personally. We use this information to identify the most popular features on our sites and help our designers understand our audience so that we can include those features that make visiting our web site informative, productive and fun. We do not disclose to these companies any information that could be used to personally identify you. From time to time, we may disclose aggregated information about our site to third parties, such as advertisers or business partners.
This website uses Google Analytics to track website traffic. Collected data is processed in such a way that visitors cannot be identified.
Google Analytics - https://policies.google.com/privacy
Who we share your data with
Google Remarketing - http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Constant Contact - https://www.constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, filled out a form, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us.
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
Where we send your data
We accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details. https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Your contact information
For questions or comments about our Online Privacy Policy please email web@TranscriptionGear.Com
How we protect your data
The personally identifiable information we collect is stored within our controlled database and we use standard, industry-wide procedures, such as firewalls and SSL (Secure Socket Layers) for credit card information. TranscriptionGear.Com's E-commerce site is recognized by, and is a member of, Verisign/PayPal for payment processing and GeoTrust SSL certificate. As effective as our security measures may be, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed complete security. When you register on our site, you will select a password. You will need your password to gain access to your personal information. Please keep your personal password safe and do not allow others to use it to access TranscriptionGear.Com. Doing so may represent a risk to your security and privacy.
Policy Statement Changes:
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice.
We accept these payment types:
Help
Knowledge Base
Gear Downloads
RMA Request
Support Request
Remote Assistance
Website Help
Customer Feedback
Shop
GearFTP Service
idigital Call-in Dictation
Suggest a Product
Manage My idigital
Sitemap
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Meet Your Sales Rep
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Fraud Policy
Terms of Use
Sales & Return Policy
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Our Blog
Pinterest
instagram
YouTube
Help Us to Keep Magento Healthy - Report All Bugs (ver. 1.9.3.10)
ｩ 2019 TranscriptionGear.Com, All Rights Reserved. All trademarks, trade names, and copyrights are the property of their respective owners.
High-performing, cost-effective front-end speech recognition to power your EHR!
ﾗ
Login
Register
Forgot Password?