http://www.hitachi.eu/en/utility/privacy/
Skip to main content
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Enacted on April 1, 2005
Revised on May 25, 2018
Processing Your Personal Data
What categories of personal data does Hitachi, Ltd ("Hitachi") collect about me when using this website and why?
"Personal data" means any information relating to you. Hitachi will only collect your personal data on this website for one reason:
What personal data?
Why?
·         First and last name
·         To respond to your enquiry
·         Email address
·         To respond to your enquiry
·         Phone number
·         To respond to your enquiry
Who might Hitachi share my personal data with, and what happens when it's transferred out of the UK?
You have consented to Hitachi processing your personal data as set out above. However there are a number of restrictions and obligations that Hitachi must comply with when dealing with that data that come about as a result of Hitachi’s classification as a ‘data controller’.
As you might know, Hitachi is a company incorporated in Japan and your personal data will be transferred there. The Hitachi group operates around the world and to make sure you get a response to your enquiry from the right person we may transfer it (and your personal data associated with it) to other companies in the Hitachi group. We will take all necessary measures to ensure that transfers out of the EEA are adequately protected as required by applicable data protection law. This will include using appropriate safeguards such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses.
How long will Hitachi keep my personal data for?
All enquiries and the associated personal data are deleted after 6 months.
What rights do I have in respect of my personal data?
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. These can differ by country, but can be summarised in broad terms as follows:
(i)         Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to change your mind and withdraw your consent for us processing your personal data in order that we can respond to your enquiry.
(ii)        Right of access
You have the right to confirm with us whether your personal data is processed, and if it is, to request access to that personal data including the categories of personal data processed, the purpose of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients.
(iii)       Right to rectification
You may have the right to rectify inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning you.
(iv)       Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
You may have the right to ask us to erase personal data concerning you.
(v)        Right to restriction of processing
In limited circumstances, you may have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal data.
(vi)       Right to data portability
You may have the right to receive personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to transmit that data to another entity.
(vii)      Right to object and rights relating to automated decision-making
Under certain circumstances you may have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data, including profiling, by us and we can be required to no longer process your personal data. this may include requesting human intervention in relation to an automated decision so that you can express your view and to contest the decision.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as stated below.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority.
Who can I contact if I have questions?
If you have concerns or questions regarding your personal data you can contact us via the same contact form you used on our website originally or, if you would prefer, you can write to us:
Hitachi Europe Ltd.
FAO: CCSO
Whitebrook Park
Lower Cookham Road
Maidenhead
Berkshire
SL6 8YA
Cookie Notice
We use Cookies* on our website in order to make the website easier to use, and to allow us to learn how it is used. We do not use cookies to collect personal information.
We use the following type of Cookies on this website for the purposes set out here:
"Analytical Cookies" – Used to allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to this website and to see how visitors move around the website when they are using it. This helps us to enhance the performance of this website, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.
You can refuse to accept Cookies, or can use your web browser settings to control Cookies (including displaying a warning message when you receive a Cookie). For more details, please see the instructions of the web browser you are using.
However, please note that you may not be able to use all or some part(s) of our website properly if you choose to disable any or all Cookies.
If you continue to use our website, you will be taken to be aware of and to have consented to our use of Cookies as described in this Cookie Policy.
Glossary
* Cookies:A small text file that we put on your computer. If we use a Cookie in relation to your use of this website, our web server can, for example, track and record information about which pages in our web site your computer visits. It is not possible for us to identify you through the Cookies that we use, unless and until you enter personal information onto our web site.
We use cookies to improve your experience by anonymously collecting browsing data. We do not collect personal information. Cookies can be disabled in your browser settings. For further details, please check our privacy policy in relation to cookies.