http://www.icel.it/cookie-policy.html
Cookie policy
Home
Cookie Policy
WHAT ARE THE “COOKIES”
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on the user's computer or mobile device from a website's server and can be read or retrieved from the server itself. It contains some information and allows the website to remember, for example, the user's preferences or, if we are talking about E-Commerce, the products of his cart. The Directive on Electronic Communications and the Provision of the Privacy Guarantor of 8 May 2014, n. 229, regarding "Identification of the simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies", requires that the use of cookies can be accepted only with the consent of the user.
BROWSER COOKIES
Our website can use "cookies" to improve the user experience. The user's web browser saves these cookies on his hard disk to keep track of the visit.
Users can choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to notify them when they are sent.
If these options are set, some parts of the website may not work properly.
WHAT COOKIES THIS WEBSITE USES AND HOW TO DENY THE CONSENT TO THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
On this site:
• computer techniques are not used in any way for the direct acquisition of personal identification data of the user
• cookies are not used to transmit information of a personal nature
• user tracking systems are not used (e.g. persistent cookies)
• the use of the, so-called, session cookies is strictly limited to the transmission of session identifiers necessary to allow the safe and efficient exploration of the website and once the connection is terminated they are not kept
• this website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. that, using owned "cookies", allows the website to analyze how users use the website. The information generated by cookies on the use of the website (including your anonymous IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on their servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of examining your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required to do so by law or if such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse to use cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, even if this may prevent you from partially or even using all the features of this website. To disable analytical cookies and to prevent Google Analytics from collecting data on navigation, simply download the browser add-on to disable Google Analytics: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
• On some pages of the website it could be that third parties can set their cookies for the purpose of tracking the operation of their application or customizing the application for you. For example, when you share an article using a social sharing button on the website, the social network that created the button will record your action.
BROWSER SETTINGS: HOW DO I CHECK COOKIES
The "Help" section of the user's browser should be able to help manage the cookie settings. If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can change your browser settings to be informed when they are sent. It is also possible to delete cookies that have already been stored at any time, using the browser settings.
Internet Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-IT/windows7/Block-enable-or-allow-cookies
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=it-IT&answer=95647&p=cpn_cookies
Mozilla Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Bloccare%20i%20cookie?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Blocking+cookies
Apple Safari: http://www.apple.com/it/privacy/use-of-cookies/
A TEAM AT YOUR DISPOSAL
For any need, do not hesitate to contact us
Contacts us
Categories
Film capacitors
Power capacitors
Snubber & switching capacitors
AC and DC capacitors
© All Rights Reserved ICEL
Credits
Privacy Policy Cookie policy