http://www.teknion.co.uk/terms-and-conditions-privacy-policy
Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.
Home
Wish List (0)
My Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Stackers
High Lift Pallet TrucksElectric High LiftersManual High Lifters
Lift Tables
Pallet TrucksHand Pallet TrucksPowered Pallet TrucksWeigh Scale Pallet Trucks
Reel + Drum Handling
Stainless Steel
Work Positioners
Videos
MENU
High Lift Pallet Trucks
Lift Tables
Pallet Trucks
Reel + Drum Handling
Stainless Steel
Work Positioners
Videos
Home
» Terms & Conditions/Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. HES together with any group companies (“we” “us” “our”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For the purposes of data protection legislation, we will process your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and national laws which relate to the processing of personal data. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This policy is available on our website homepage and at the bottom of every page.
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not shared with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. HES from time to time will send information to customers and/or customer branches/members, for which we have been given details, on promotions, products, business updates and events. We feel that this will be of interest to you and therefore will continue to do this under the ‘Legitimate Interest’ Section of the ICO guidelines. You have the right to opt-out of receiving this information at any time by unsubscribing.
Customers
We will hold details including, but may not be limited to depending on the information you provide, your email address, name, contact telephone number, address and bank. We will use this information to process your order, provide services and comply with our contractual obligations. In order to fulfil the above we may also need to share personal data with third parties for example payment providers, sub-contractors, suppliers, delivery service organisations and any other organisations necessary to assist in the delivery of goods or services.
Prospective Customers
We will hold limited contact information on your business and will not hold anything further until become a customer.
Suppliers
We will hold details such as email address, name, contact telephone number, address, bank details and any other information you provide in order to contact you about goods or services ordered with you and to place further orders.
Disclosure of personal data to third parties
We may disclose your information to third parties for the following legitimate interests:
To staff members, suppliers, sub-contractors, delivery service organisations and any other organisations necessary in order to facilitate the provision of goods or services to you To a buyer of some or all of our business or assets, in which case data, including personal data will also be one of the transferred assets. We may disclose personal data to the police, regulatory bodies, legal advisors or similar third parties where we are under a legal duty to disclose or share personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our website terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We will not sell or distribute personal data to other organisations without your approval.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we hold.
Visitors to our Website
We may collect and process personal data about you in the following circumstances;
When you complete forms on our website (“Site”). This includes, but may not be limited to depending on the information you have provided, your email address, name, contact telephone number, address, which is provided at the time of registering to use our Site, subscribing to our services or requesting further services Whenever you provide information to us when reporting a problem with our Site, making a complaint, making an enquiry or contacting us for any other reason. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence Details of your visits to our Site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data including the resources that you access (see section Cookies below) We may collect information about your device, including where available your Internet Protocol address, for reasons of fraud protection. We may also collect information about your device’s operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and also allows us to improve our Site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy. We may use your personal data for legitimate interests in order to:
Provide you with information, or services that you requested from us; Allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site, when you choose to do so Ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device Improve our Site and services Process and deal with any complaints or enquiries made by you Contact you for marketing purposes where you have signed up for these
Website Links
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. Please note that if you follow a link to any of these websites, such websites will apply different terms to the collection and privacy of your personal data and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check before you submit your information to these websites.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we hold by contacting us. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time, and any changes we make to our privacy policy will be posted on our website privacy policy page. If we would like to use your previously collected personal data for different purposes than those we notified you about at the time of collection, we will provide you with notice and, where required by law, seek your consent, before using your personal data for a new or unrelated purpose. We may process your personal without your knowledge or consent where required by applicable law or regulation.
Contact Us
We have appointed a Data Lead to oversee compliance with this privacy policy. If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this policy or how we use your personal data please contact our Data Lead at sales@hesales.co.uk.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Handling Equipment Sales Ltd
Unit 2 Ampthill Business Park Station road Ampthill,
Bedfordshire MK45 2QW,
sales@hesales.co.uk
REF: WL/HES/JUNE2018
Continue