http://www.nexc.com/info/privacy.cfm
NexCenter
HNN - Hospitality News Network
NexCruise
ExpoTradeDirectory
News Express
Hospitality People Network
OTM On the move
MIA Missing in Action
PRO?s Online
Did You Know
One Day in History
Great Personality
Few Wise Words
One for the Record
World of NexC
World of Menu
World of Link ExChange
HIT - Hospitality Information Tools
ForEX Currency Converter
Measurement Converter
World Time
World Mini Facts
NexC Download Center
JobMart
TradeMart
MediaCenter
JobMart
JobMart Executive Talent Search
Executive Talent Search
Services
Clients
Career Center
Countries
Companies
Our Team
Recruitment
TravelMart
About Aviation
Airline Directory
Airport Directory
About Aviation
About NexCruise
CruiseShips
Cruise Directory
Maritime Glossary
Flag Language
About NexCruise
TradeMart
About
TradeMartCenter
Organizations
ExpoTradeMart
NexC Mall
NexC Tools
Forex
WMF
Airport Directory
Airline Directory
Measurement Converter
MIA
OTM
Phone Directory
World Time
Media Center
Advertising
Benefits
Promotional Ads
Classified Ads
Direct Ads
Advertise with NexC
NexC Clients
NexCreative
About NexC
NexC Services
Partners
The Company
Company Profile
Company Philosophy
The Team
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
1. We pledge to meet fully and, where possible, exceed internationally
recognized standards of personal data privacy protection in complying
with the requirements of the Personal Data ["Privacy"]
Ordinance, Chapter 486 ["Ordinance"] of the Special Administrative
Region of Hong Kong, The People's Republic of China ["Hong
Kong"]. In doing so, we will ensure compliance with the strictest
standards of security and confidentiality.
2. Our Privacy Policy is based on the six principles of the Ordinance:
Principle 1 - Collect personal data fairly
Principle 2 - Ensure accuracy
Principle 3 - Limit the use of personal data
Principle 4 - Ensure security
Principle 5 - Adopt openness
Principle 6 - Comply with data access and correction requests
Types of personally identifiable information we collect
1. We gather information collectively about all of our users ["Users"],
such as in the most frequently visited areas and the most accessible
services. We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate.
This information helps us determine what is most beneficial to you
and how we can continually create a better overall experience for
you. We may share this information with our partners, but only in
the aggregate, so they may also understand how you use the NexC
web site ["Site"] and create a better overall experience
for you.
2. When you register to become a member, enabling you to use our
services, purchase products or participate in a promotion or contest,
we will collect your personally identifiable information. All the
information we collect are requested on our member registration
form. For example, we may require specific information about you,
such as your name, address, e-mail address and gender.
3. Be aware that when you voluntarily display or distribute personal
information, that information may be collected and used by others.
This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties, for
which we are not responsible.
4. In the course of using the Site, we automatically track certain
information about you, using HitBox - a third party tracking utility.
The information we track includes the URL where you just came (whether
or not it is on the Site), the URL you intend to go next (whether
or not it is on the Site), what browser you are using, and your
IP address. Many other web sites automatically collect this information.
Rest assured that the data collected are not in any way linked
to your personal information. The data we collect are used anonymously
and in the aggregate, for the sole purpose of getting user feedback
by identifying the services and features of the Site that matter
to you. This is our way of understanding you as our audience and
our customer, so we can always serve you better.
5. We use cookies on certain pages of the Site. Among other reasons,
cookies allow you to enter your password less frequently during
a session. Cookies can also help us provide information, which are
targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored in your hard drive,
not on the Site. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning
they are automatically deleted at the end of a session. You are
always free to decline our cookies if browser permits, although
in that case you may be required to reenter your password more frequently
during a session.
6. If you send personal correspondence, such as e-mails or letters,
or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about
your activity or your posting on the Site, we may collect and retain
such information in a file specific to you.
What do we do with the user information?
1. We internally use your personally identifiable information to
improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically
analyze the Site usage, to improve our contents and product offerings,
and to customize the Site's overall content and layout. We believe
that these uses allow us to improve the Site and better tailor it
to meet your needs.
2. We may also use your personally identifiable information to
deliver information that relates to your interests such as newsletters
and online promotions from our partners or us. You can receive such
information by selecting the appropriate option when you register
on our web site. You can request to stop receiving such information
by following the unsubscribe instructions incorporated in the e-mail
dispatch that you do not wish to receive from thereon.
3. We may use your e-mail address, and in rare situations your
mailing address or phone number if you provide us, to contact you
from time to time regarding administrative notices.
4. We may use your information in the file that we maintain and
other information that we obtain from you in respect of your current
and past activities on the Site for purposes like resolving disputes,
troubleshooting problems and enforcing our Terms and Conditions
of Use.
5. If you choose to use our referral service to inform a friend
about the Site, we will ask you for the friend's name and e-mail
address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail
invitation for the Site. The friend may contact us to request the
removal of his/her information from our database.
6. From time to time, the Site requests information from you via
surveys or contests. Participation in these activities are voluntary
and you have the choice, whether or not, to disclose information.
Survey information will be used for the purpose of monitoring or
improving the use and satisfaction of the Site.
Our disclosure of user information
1. We do not and will not sell or rent any of your personally identifiable
information to any third party. We aggregate personally identifiable
information and disclose such information in aggregate to advertisers
and for other marketing and promotional purposes only. In these
situations, we do not and will not disclose to these entities any
information that could be used to identify you personally. Certain
information, such as your credit card number and bank account number,
are not disclosed in aggregate at all.
2. Throughout the Site, you are identified through your e-mail
address. As a result, you may disclose your e-mail address to other
third parties that might send to you unsolicited e-mail and be able
to personally identify all of your activities on the Site.
3. We will, as required by the due process of law and the applicable
rules and regulations in Hong Kong at any time, cooperate with all
the statutory regulators, law enforcement agencies and appropriate
inquiries, and with all third parties seeking to properly enforce
their intellectual property or other rights.
4. We may offer features on the Site, where we will by necessity,
need to provide some personal data to the third party offering such
services. To the extent that said third party requires your personal
information to enable them use or provide their service, we will
notify you of the specific information that we may provide to such
third parties. Before you use the service, you should evaluate whether
you will accept the terms and conditions of the third party service;
and therefore irrevocably and unconditionally grant us the right
to pass on your information to the third party.
5. Due to the existing regulatory environment in Hong Kong, where
there is little or no relevant legislation except for the Data Privacy
Ordinance, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications
and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed
in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of
example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose
information to the government, regulatory bodies or third parties
under certain circumstances or third parties may unlawfully intercept
or gain access transmissions or private communications. Further,
we can (and you irrevocably authorize us to) disclose any information
to law enforcement, regulatory bodies or other government officials,
as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect
your privacy, we do not in any way expressly or implicitly promise,
and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information
or private communications will remain private.
Reviewing and changing your personally identifiable information
1. We allow you to change or correct your personal information
any time. To do so, you can simply log on to your NexC Clubroom
account and you will find options for editing the information you
have submitted.
2. You must promptly update your information, if it changes.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem
appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we
disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users’ personally
identifiable information in a manner different from that stated
at the time of collection we will notify users both via email and
by posting a notice on our web site for 30 days.
General
1. The Site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news
groups available to you. Users should remember that any information
disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should
exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information.
2. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to our
Terms and Conditions of Use.
3. The laws of Hong Kong shall govern this Privacy Policy and each
User consents and submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the
Hong Kong Courts.
4. For questions, comments or suggestions about our privacy policy,
you may contact us at:
NexC
2/F Bonifacio Technology Center
31st Street corner 2nd Avenue
e-Square IT Park-SEZ
Bonifacio Global City, Taguig 1634
Metro Manila, Philippines
Tel: [63] 2-815-6988
Global E-fax: [1] 212-658-9877
E-mail: info@nexc.com
T: [852] 8199-9004
S: nexc.office
E: office@nexc.com
Copyright © 1995 - 2020 NexC Inc.
All Rights Reserved.