http://www.ybdco.com/privacy-policy
Go to main navigation
Search
Home
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Need help finding the right solution?
We Can Help! 1-877-721-1264
Skip to content
Menu
Plastic Drums
Open Head Plastic DrumsIn any industrial activity, it’s vital to have the best equipment to facilitate the needs of your business, without any interruption. YBDCO recognizes the importance of plastic drums for industrial purposes, and ensure they meet the latest UN safety regulations and are made of the high-tech technology. All of our plastic drums are made from top quality materials and consistency which have the highest molecular-weight and have a resin of high-density polyethylene. Special features of our open head plastic drum Efficient for any industrial purpose: Amongst the variety of factors that are required for plastic drums, it’s important to have drums that can withstand any conditions in the industrial environment. Ensure complete compliance: The technology used in creating the plastic drums follow the strictest of guidelines laid down by the UN. Ensuring the chemical compatibility of all materials such as hazardous and non-hazardous is vital to the production of our drums. Easy stacking, palletizing and containerizing: All plastic drums for sale give the convenience of being stacked and transported in difficult areas. Apart from giving the convenience of being containerized, it is also very cost-effective. The shape of the drum is designed in a way that the plastic drum allows…
Tight Head Plastic DrumsOur uniquely designed tight head plastic drums are created for a large range of industrial and commercial purposes. Made from the highest quality and consistency standards that are prevailing in the industry, the storage bins are created for the storage of different liquids. Hazardous and non-hazardous products will remain safe in our highly containerized plastic drums. Our tight-headed drums are resilient, rigid and are incredibly easy to handle. We are proud in stating that these drums are incredibly cost-effective and easy to handle for transporting and shipping them to different locations. Tight head plastic drums have an opening that is not as large as the diameter of the drum. Made out of the latest up-to-date technologies to create plastic barrels, these barrels are to withstand all environments and industries. Useful for pouring needs: Tight-head plastic barrels are highly applicable for pouring needs. This is useful for all those who need help dispensing liquids without spilling. Our barrels are highly secured and safe for dispensing liquids with the use of double handles in most of our storage bins. They are uniquely safe as the opening is tightly shut and is spill-resistant. These drums are available in varying sizes up to 55…
Frequently Asked Questions
Steel DrumsTips for Choosing the Best Steel Drum Supplier: Expertise, Service, & Competitive Prices Not every company offers expertise, service, & competitive prices! The wrong choice of container and/or supplier could result in such things as lost production due to slow or delinquent deliveries, damage to product as a result of chemical incompatibility, and/or fines and penalties for non-compliance regarding hazardous materials regulations Expertise, service, & competitive prices regarding the vast number of steel drum sizes (30, 55, 85, 110 gallon), uses, and related Hazardous Material Regulations is crucial when making a buying decision, and an essential component of a supplier/customer relationship. The best steel drum supplier is a problem solver who can assist in the best choice of open and tight head steel drums, specific to the product being stored and/or transported. Some of the most important advantages of choosing a knowledgeable, well- trained, and responsive steel drum supplier include: The best steel drum supplier has a primary focus on steel drums, insuring that the supplier can be responsive in providing assistance with the choice of the most appropriate steel drum in any size that would meet the specific packaging need of the customer, lined or unlined, while offering the…
Open Head Steel DrumsStoring and transporting hazardous and non-hazardous products requires the use of durable containers. Open head steel drums are ideal for this type of application. They provide maximum protection so you can be sure that the contents stay safe and will not spill. Check out our huge inventory to see what we have in stock for you. Our UN-approved steel drums are durable and highly resistant to corrosion and impact, making them ideal for long distance transportation of solid and liquid products, such as: – Food – Hazardous and non-hazardous chemicals – Paints and coatings – Pharmaceutical and petroleum products – Industrial wastes The Drums of Your Choice We offer steel drums of different colors and sizes. Depending on your application, you can buy 5, 30, 55, 85, or 110-gallon drums in just a few clicks. All items come with covers for maximum safety and reliability. You can choose between lined and unlined drums to suit your specific storage or shipping needs. We also provide complete descriptions to help you compare items easily before you place your order. YBDCO wants nothing but to give you a convenient and trouble-free shopping experience. Call us today for pricing details and other useful information.
Closed Head Steel Drums
Reconditioned Steel DrumsReconditioned Steel Drums vs. New Steel Drums Steel drums are highly suited for commercial and industrial operations that require strength and durability. New steel drums are made using high quality, durable steel materials. Hence, the new steel drums are very durable, reliable, and can withstand even the harshest conditions. However, reconditioned steel drums can be rebuilt and or refurbished steel drum with all former contents and corrosion removed. The interior of the reconditioned steel drum has also been treated for corrosion resistance. They are also available in 55-gallon sizes. Below is a comparison between reconditioned steel drums and new steel drums: Recycling Reconditioned steel drums are a true green product. These 55 gallon steel drums help the environment by reducing the amount of solid waste disposed of in landfills. Reconditioned steel drums also helps conserve the amount of virgin steel used for manufacturing new steel drums. Compared with brand new steel drums reconditioned steel drums generate about 68% less carbon dioxide. Drum Varieties Like new steel drums, reconditioned steel drums are available in open-head and tight-head. The open-head steel drums feature heavy or light bolt, lever lock as well as side lock rings. These will help secure the product inside…
Steel Salvage DrumsThe Best Steel Salvage Drums in the Market It is dangerous to transport a damaged or leaking container – the risk of contamination is high, especially if you’re transporting chemicals through public areas. Any leaks may cause health problems and damage to the environment. You need another container to hold the damaged one and keep hazardous materials from spilling. YBDCO has the right solution for your secondary containment needs. Ensuring safe transportation of damaged or leaking containers is important to avoid contamination and stay in compliance with safety regulations. Made from high quality carbon steel, our steel salvage drums provide excellent protection against spills and leaks. Whether you’re shipping hazardous chemicals in small or large volumes, we have the right drum type and size for you. Steel Salvage Drums to Fit Your Purpose We want to make choosing and purchasing the necessary items easier for you, so we make sure all the products you need are within your reach. We feature salvage drums of different capacities and interior dimensions to fit varying applications. Each item comes with a plain cover for optimum reliability and protection. We provide additional information to help you compare specifications before placing your orders. YBDCO wants…
Plastic Salvage Drums
Steel Salvage Drums
Pails
Plastic Pails
Steel Pails
Fiber DrumsExpert Advice on Solving the Problem of Which Fiber Drum (1-75 Gallon) to Select: Lock-Rim or All-Fiber Some of the worst outcomes that a buyer can have when resourcing a fiber drum occurs when the advice being relied upon is not expert advice provided by a reliable, knowledgeable, and experienced supplier. The wrong package for the wrong application can lead to damaged product, lost production, and fines/penalties for non-compliance with DOT regulations. Knowledge of the vast number of available sizes (1-75 Gallon) and types, i.e. Lock-Rim or All Fiber, are examples of the expert advice that can only be obtained by a fiber drum expert. Many buyers may not be aware of the solutions available to them. Since all products and suppliers are not created equal, we asked fiber drum expert, Don DiPiero, President of Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co., located in Youngstown, Ohio, about the many options and the best solutions to meet the fiber drum needs of end users. Q: What happens when the wrong fiber drum is used? A: Fiber drums come in a large variety of heights, diameters, weight capacities, and closure styles. If a fiber drum is chosen that cannot support the weight of the…
All-Fiber Drums
Lock-Rim Fiber Drums
Frequently Asked Questions
Other Products
Bags And Boxes
Environmental Containment Products
Facilities Management Products and Cigarette Recepticles
Funnels, Accessories, and Drum/Pail Liners
Oil Spill Products
Spill Resonse and Decon Products
Stormwater and Erosion Control Management Products
Resources
Home » Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Third Parties
——————————————————————————–
We do not rent, sell, or exchange your names, personal information, or email address to third-party companies for their marketing purposes. We do provide your information to reputable organizations that help us to fulfill your order. For example, we use companies to verify and process credit card transactions, and to deliver packages. These third parties are not authorized to use your information for any reason other than to fulfill our service.
We may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties if necessary to comply with applicable laws, subpoenas, or court orders.
Children’s online policy
——————————————————————————–
Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. is committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children. Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co..
Other information we collect
——————————————————————————–
Occasionally we conduct surveys and contests on Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co.. If you choose to participate in an online contest, we may request information from you that will permit us to administer the contest and notify the winner(s). In addition, we may ask for other optional survey information such as gender, age and previous shopping experience with Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co..  All of this information will be conducted securely and not sold to third parties.
Cookies and other computer information
——————————————————————————–
When you visit Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co., small text files known as “cookies” will be stored on your computer’s hard drive. A cookie allows us to enhance and customize your online shopping experience and improve the design of our site. These cookies store random ID numbers and information about your first and last visits, number of visits, shopping cart contents, Express, and affiliate referrers. You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you may also erase cookies from your browser after your shopping session. If you delete our cookies, you limit our ability to personalize Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. for your next shopping visit; however, deleting a cookie will not prevent you from shopping and purchasing at our site in the future.
We also may collect certain technical information from your computer when you visit Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co.. This technical information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer’s operating system, browser type and the address of a referring website, if any. Except in the case of IP addresses, this technical information cannot be used to identify you personally. Further, we do not normally use IP addresses to identify anyone. We may do so, however, to identify abuse, fraud, or illegal use to our website or other unauthorized activities.
How do we protect the security of your information?
——————————————————————————–
We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. Our information systems are maintained behind a software firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet. We also advise all Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company’s business ethics standards and confidentiality policies.
All information transmitted through Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. is stored on our secure server. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which is the electronic commerce standard for securing information as it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is designed to encrypt your information, preventing an unauthorized party from viewing and downloading your information. Your web browser should display a web address with an “https” prefix, indicating that the SSL technology is operating when using certain portions of our website like our Checkout and My Account features.
Do we link to other websites?
——————————————————————————–
Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. sometimes provides links to other companies’ websites. Unless we expressly say otherwise, a link to another website does not mean that we are responsible for, or that we endorse the content or policy of that website. When you provide information at one of those sites, you are subject to that site’s privacy policy. We encourage you to read that website’s policies before submitting any information if you have concerns about how information may be collected or used.
Changes to the Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. Privacy Policy
——————————————————————————–
This Privacy Policy was posted on Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co. on April 01, 2005. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. If we make any significant change to this policy, we will provide notice of the change through email and on Youngstown Barrel & Drum Co..
Have Questions? Contact us so that we can guide you to the best solution for your needs!
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Product Name (required)
Phone (required)
Number of Units Needed:(required)
Company Name:(required)
Have you ordered from us before?(required)
Physical Address:(required)
Address:
City:
State:
Zip:
Your Message
(required)
We respect your privacy.