http://www.burke.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Founded in 1931, Burke is an international leader in decision support services. We are committed to quality, honesty, and integrity in all endeavors.
As one of the founding members of Insights Association (formerly the Council of American Survey Research Organizations - CASRO), Burke demonstrates its commitment to clients and to the public by adhering to a mandatory Code of Standards and Ethics for Survey Research. This adherence includes respecting the voluntary nature of research participation and taking steps to protect respondents' identities. Burke also monitors the privacy policies of other industry organizations and works to conform to common standards of ethical practice. Burke seeks to avoid any actions that might bring Internet research into disrepute or reduce confidence in its findings.
ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION
We place the same high value on the trust of the people who use our Web site. Therefore we want you to know what our policy is regarding information we obtain from you while you are visiting our site.
USAGE INFORMATION
We use software-tracking packages to collect information about how you use our site. This includes what parts of the site you visit and how long your visits last. We use this information to make improvements to our site. These data are used only in aggregate and contains no personal identification information. We do not disclose, sell, trade or rent any information obtained in this way to outside parties. We may disclose certain aggregate data, such as the number of visitors in a given time period or the most frequently accessed pages, to others.
COOKIES
Like many companies, we use "cookie" technology on our site. These cookies may tell us whether you have visited our site before or are a new visitor and what material on our site you have viewed. The cookies we use do not collect any personal identification information or extract any information from your computer. The help option on most browser toolbars will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, or to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies all together.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY PROTECTION
Burke understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an online environment. The Site is not intentionally designed for or directed at children 13 years of age or younger, and Burke will not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INORMATION
Burke collects or obtains personal information such as name, mailing or email address, and phone numbers, but only for the purposes of conducting research. We may share this information with others to assist with the research process, understanding our potential liability in cases of onward transfer to third parties. We may also be required to disclose personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, as well as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Burke abides by all relevant legislation (both international and national) relating to data protection and other topics. In addition to being under the enforcement authority of the Federal Trade Commission for protection of individually identifiable information, Burke has committed to abide by the following legislative directives:
HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT (HIPAA)
Burke complies with HIPAA, working with health care providers and other covered entities as their Business Associate on strategies for conducting marketing research in such a way as to meet these guidelines.
Burke has implemented a number of administrative, physical and technical safeguards that strictly control access to patient information and enable us to preserve respondent confidentiality.
For studies involving European citizens covered by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Burke is obligated by law to process their personal data in accordance with EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as described in the section below.
EU-U.S. AND SWISS-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD FRAMEWORK
Note:
Although the Court of Justice of the European Union has recently ruled to invalidate the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as a legal means of transferring EU citizen’s personal information, Burke, as a Data Processor/Importer to its clients who are Data Controllers/Exporters, is following the recommendation from the U.S. Department of Commerce advising companies to continue maintaining their Privacy Shield self-certification, as there is currently work being done to correct the program’s deficiencies with a revised agreement.
In the meantime, Burke has separately entered into Data Processing Agreements with its clients that include Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Court to provide legal compliance to the GDPR requirements of adequately protecting the privacy of its citizens.
Burke complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss - U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from Switzerland, European Union member countries, and the United Kingdom. Burke has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, Burke commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. Swiss and European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Burke at:
Mail:
Burke Incorporated
Attn: Privacy Officer
500 West 7th Street
Cincinnati, OH, 45203
Email:
privacy@burke.com
Telephone:
877-268-4497
Burke has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to the INSIGHTS ASSOCIATION PRIVACY SHIELD PROGRAM, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Insights Association. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.insightsassociation.org/get-support/privacy-shield-program/privacy-shield-eu-swiss-citizens-file-complaint for more information and to file a complaint. This dispute resolution service is offered at no cost to you.
Burke is under the enforcement authority of the Federal Trade Commission to adhere to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks. It may be possible, under certain limited conditions, for European Union individuals to invoke binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield Panel to be created by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission.
HOW CAN I EXERCISE MY DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS?
Individuals may opt-out of participation in any research survey to which they have been invited by simply declining to provide responses or choosing the opt-out option provided in the invitation. They also have the right to access, correct, or delete their personal data, and may submit such requests via email, phone or mail using Burke's contact information above.
If you would like to access, review, update, rectify, or delete any Personal Information we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2020, please fill out this form. Please tell us in detail your wishes as it relates to Burke’s processing or disclosing your personal information beyond our primary, research-only purpose for which you may have consented.
Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and de-identified Personal Information that does not identify any individual, and may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for research purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to: privacy@burke.com.
CAN-SPAM ACT
Although emails for survey research purposes do not qualify as spam, Burke is careful to employ legitimate business practices when inviting consumers to participate in survey, opinion and market research studies online. Burke includes accurate header and subject information and opt out notices in all email distributions and only partner with reputable email vendors who comply with the law.
We may change our privacy policies from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes as required by law by posting the revised privacy statement on this page with a new "Latest Revision Date."
Please contact Burke using the Mail, E-mail or Telephone options listed above if you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy.
Latest Revision Date: 9/8/2020