http://www.bastiansolutions.com/service/privacy/online-privacy-and-security/
Skip to main content
Bastian Solutions
Bastian Solutions
Account
Phone
Cart
Chat
Email
Menu
Search
Gears
Cart
Location
Team
Support
Print
Envelope
Support
Online Privacy and Security
Home/Online Privacy and Security
You can shop at www.bastiansolutions.com online with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks (see an online payments diagram). The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions. See below for definition.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
www.bastiansolutions.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Additional Security
Unique Identifiers. To access your account and certain services on our Web site, you will be required to enter valid access codes such as a customer/user identification code and password. Without proper identification, access to your account information is denied.
Firewalls. In addition, the computers that run our Web site are protected by constantly monitored firewalls that act as a barrier between the Internet and our secure computer network – preventing unauthorized access. Firewalls can be thought of as a selective barrier that permits only specific types of traffic (transactions) through to our systems. Every message that enters or leaves our network passes through the firewall. Messages that do not meet our criteria are blocked.
Virus Protection. We employ up-to-date anti-virus protection technology to detect viruses and prevent them from entering our computer network.
Timeout Feature. For additional protection, our online applications have a timeout feature that automatically ends your session after a certain period of inactivity.
Definitions
Secure Browsers and Encryption. We require the use of secure browsers when you access our online services, Secure browsers allow protected communication with our Web site by encrypting the information between you and our site. We utilize Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which converts sensitive information transmitted over the Internet between your computer’s browser and our computer systems (like your password and customer/user identification code) into secure code that cannot be read by unauthorized parties. To access your account and perform transactions on bastiansolutions.com, we require the use of a Web browser that supports a 128-bit SSL encryption technology – among the strongest and most widely used methods of securing Internet transactions. You can tell your information is being protected when you see a URL that begins with “https” (instead of “http”) in the address line and a secure symbol, such as a closed padlock or key icon, at the bottom of your browser screen. For more information on your browser's features and how to download a more secure version of your browser, click on one of the browser logos at the bottom.
Close