http://www.wattsradiant.com/site/privacypolicy
Show or Hide
OneWattsWater
Visit Website
OneWattsWater
AERCO
Visit Website
AERCO
Ames Fire & Waterworks
Visit Website
Ames Fire & Waterworks
BLÜCHER
Visit Website
BLÜCHER
Dormont
Visit Website
Dormont Manufacturing Company
FEBCO
Visit Website
FEBCO
HF scientific, inc.
Visit Website
HF scientific, inc.
Mueller Steam Specialty
Visit Website
Mueller Steam Specialty
ORION
Visit Website
ORION
POWERS
Visit Website
POWERS
PVI
Visit Website
PVI
SunTouch
Visit Website
SunTouch
tekmar
Visit Website
tekmar
Watts
Visit Website
Watts
Watts Radiant | Floor Heating & Snow Melting
Solutions
Radiant Heating
Floor Warming
Snow Melting
ApplicationsCase Studies
Products
HydronicPiping & TubingOnix
R-flex
RadiantPERT
RadiantPEX TubingRadiantPEX+
RadiantPEX-AL
Mechanical PackagesThermalPro
Hydronic ControlsHydronic Controls
Hydronic ToolsHydronic FastenersFlexPlate
Hydronic AccessoriesSmartTrac
ElectricFloor Warming
ProMelt
SlabHeat
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Press Releases
Rep Directory
Support
Literature
LoopCAD
Selexit Product Configurator
RadiantWorks
Price List
FAQ
Knowledge Base
Support Forum
Videos
Linkedin
YouTube
Privacy Policy
Watts Radiant, Inc. is a subsidiary of Watts Water Technologies, Inc. (Watts)
Privacy Policy
Last modified: January 5, 2017
Introduction
Watts Water Technologies, Inc. and its affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions
and companies (collectively "Watts", "we", “our” or "us")
respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our
compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or
that you may provide when you visit our websites ("
Websites") in North American, and our practices for
collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Our Websites in North American are managed by Watts Marketing
Communications – Americas from our corporate headquarters in North Andover,
Massachusetts.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On our Websites.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and our
Websites.
Through mobile and desktop applications, if any, you might download
from our Websites, which provide dedicated non-browser-based
interaction between you and our Websites.
Any of our products for use in conjunction with our Websites or
mobile and desktop applications (“Related Products”).
When you interact with our advertising and applications, if any, on
third-party Websites and services, if those applications or advertising
include links to this policy.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices
regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree
with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Websites,
mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products. By accessing or
using our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products,
you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to. Your
continued use of our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related
Products after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes,
so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products are not
intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may
provide any information to or on the Websites, mobile and desktop
applications, and Related Products. We do not knowingly collect Personal
Information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or
provide any information on our Websites, mobile and desktop applications,
and Related Products, make any purchases through our Websites, mobile and
desktop applications, and Related Products, use any of the interactive or
public comment features of our Websites, mobile and desktop applications,
and Related Products, if any, or provide any information about yourself to
us. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a
child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete
that information. If you believe we might have any information from or
about a child under 13, please contact us at
privacy@wattswater.com.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our
Websites and mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products,
including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal
address, e-mail address, telephone number, occupation, company, job
title ("Personal Information").
That is about you but individually does not identify you.
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our
Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products and
usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the sites, or use our mobile
and desktop applications. Information collected automatically may
include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through
cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us.
The information we collect on or through our Websites, mobile and desktop
applications, and Related Products may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites,
mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products.
Information that you provide when using our mobile and desktop
applications.
In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us
with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail
addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for
research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Websites, mobile
and desktop applications, and Related Products and of the fulfillment
of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information
before placing an order through our Websites, mobile and desktop
applications, and Related Products.
Your search queries on the Websites, mobile and desktop applications,
and Related Products.
Usage Details, IP Addresses And Cookies and Other Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, mobile and desktop
applications, and Related Products, we may automatically collect certain
information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Websites, mobile and desktop
applications, and Related Products, including traffic data, location
data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you
access and use on the Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and
Related Products.
Details of your use of our mobile and desktop applications.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including
your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical. It helps us to
improve our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products
and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize
our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products
according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Websites, mobile and desktop
applications, and Related Products.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small
file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to
accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your
browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to
access certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your
browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue
cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites.
Flash Cookies. We currently do not use local stored
objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your
preferences and navigation to, from and on our Websites. However,
certain features of our Websites may eventually use Flash cookies.
Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used
for browser cookies. Flash cookies can be disabled through the Adobe
Flash Player Settings manager.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Websites may contain small
electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs.
pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Watts, for example, to
count users who have visited those pages and for other related Websites
statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Websites
content and verifying system and server integrity).
Google Analytics. To help analyze how visitors use
our Websites we may use Google Analytics, which places cookies on your
computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor
behavior information in an anonymous form. The anonymous information
generated by Google Analytics cookies about your use of our Websites is
transmitted to Google. This information is processed to compile
statistical reports on website activity for our Websites only. We use
these reports to evaluate aggregate visitor usage so that we can
optimize the content, and its marketing, to better meet your needs. For
more information regarding Google Analytics please visit Google's
website, and pages that describe Google Analytics, such as
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
.
We do not collect personal Information automatically, but we may tie this
information to Personal Information about you that we collect from other
sources or you provide to us.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us,
including any Personal Information:
For the purpose of employment consideration if you have submitted a
job application or inquiry.
To present our Websites and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you
request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any
contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and
collection.
To notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or
services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features, if any, on our
Websites.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
Such information will be maintained by Watts for a period that is
reasonably necessary for the purposes collected.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information
that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as
described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to
support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to
keep Personal Information confidential and use it only for the purposes
for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you
give us an e-mail address to use the "e-mail a friend" feature of our
Websites, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail
address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the
information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including
responding to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other
agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the
rights, property, or safety of Watts, our customers or others. This
includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations
for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information
you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the
following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to
refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings,
visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's Websites. If you
disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Websites
may not function properly.
Promotional Offers from Watts. If you wish to have
your e-mail address/contact information used by Watts to promote our
products or services, you can “opt-in” by checking the relevant box
located on the form on which we collect your data (the contact
form/order form/registration form), if any, on our Websites. You may
“opt-out” at any other time by sending us an e-mail stating your
request to privacy@wattswater.com. In addition, whenever we
contact you via email, we will provide instructions on how to
unsubscribe, or opt-out, so that you will not receive any future
emails.
Your California Privacy Rights and Our Do Not Track Notice
Watts does not track you over time and across third party websites to
provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track
(DNT) signals.
No third parties engaging in online behavioral tracking collect personally
identifiable information related to your online activities "over time and
across different web sites" through any of our websites or online services.
California permits users of our Websites, mobile and desktop applications,
and Related Products that are California residents to request certain
information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please
send an e-mail to privacy@wattswater.com.
Anti-Spam Law and Email Opt-Outs
When you submit an online form for job applications, inquiries, or
registering for products and services at any of our Websites, use our
mobile and desktop applications, or Related Products, or otherwise request
information, you provide prior express consent for Watts to send you
“commercial electronic messages” (CEMs), which includes text messages,
e-mail messages, etc. You may thereafter opt-out of receiving further CEMs
by unsubscribing using instructions contained in the CEMs or by sending an
e-mail stating your request to opt-out to privacy@wattswater.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information
from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and
disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers
behind firewalls. Payment transactions, if any, will be encrypted using
secure sockets layer (SSL) technology.
Any Personally Information you provide to Watts when submitting an online
form for job applications, inquiries, or registering for products and
services at any of our Websites, or using our mobile and desktop
applications, or Related Products, is maintained and accessible only by
Watts' employees and authorized sales representatives who we believe
reasonable need to come into contact with that information to provide
products or services to you or in order to do their jobs, unless
specifically stated otherwise.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we
have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain
parts of our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related
Products, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal
Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information
transmitted to our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related
Products. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We
are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security
measures contained on the Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and
Related Products.
International Visitors
Our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products are
hosted in the United States and Canada and are intended for United States
and Canadian visitors. If you are accessing our Websites, mobile and
desktop applications, and Related Products from the European Union or other
regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from
U.S. and Canadian laws, then please note that you are transferring your
personal data to the United States and/or Canada and by providing your
personal data you consent to that transfer.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. The
date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the
page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Websites, mobile
and desktop applications, and Related Products and this privacy policy to
check for any changes.
Terms of Use
Please also see our Terms of Use, which govern your access to and use of
our Websites, mobile and desktop applications, and Related Products:
www.wattswater.com/Terms-of-Use.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy
practices, contact us at:
By Email: privacy@wattswater.com
By Mail: Watts Water Technologies, Inc.
Webmaster
815 Chestnut St.
North Andover, MA
01845-6098
By Phone: Tel: (978)688-1811 Fax: (978)794-1848
Thank you for visiting and using our Websites, mobile and desktop
applications, and Related Products.
Home
Privacy Policy
Back to top
Solutions
Radiant Heating
Floor Warming
Snow Melting
ApplicationsCase Studies
Products
HydronicPiping & TubingOnix
R-flex
RadiantPERT
RadiantPEX TubingRadiantPEX+
RadiantPEX-AL
Mechanical PackagesThermalPro
Hydronic ControlsHydronic Controls
Hydronic ToolsHydronic FastenersFlexPlate
Hydronic AccessoriesSmartTrac
ElectricFloor Warming
ProMelt
SlabHeat
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Press Releases
Rep Directory
Support
Literature
LoopCAD
Selexit Product Configurator
RadiantWorks
Price List
FAQ
Knowledge Base
Support Forum
Videos
Watts Water Technologies
Careers /
Investors /
Submit Product Ideas /
Terms of Use /
Privacy Policy /
CA Supply Chain Disclosure /
Canadian Customers
© 2020 Watts Radiant
A Watts Water Technologies Company.
All Rights Reserved.