http://www.vindum.com/privacy-policy
Home
Products
Vindum Metering Pumps
Vindum CV Automated Valves
Vindum MV Needle Valves
Educational Products
Routine Core Analysis
Bulk Volume
Capillary Pressure
Core Imaging & Inspection
Electrical Properties
Gas Permeability
Initial Fluid Saturation
Liquid Permeability
Natural Radioactivity
Porosity
Relative Permeability
Special Core Analysis
Acoustic Separators
Capillary Pressure
Core Holders
Fluid Separation & Measurement
Fluid Storage
Relative Permeability
Wettability
Video Separators
Components
Unconventional Reservoirs/Shales
Gas Adsorption Isotherm
Hydrocarbon Analysis
Shale Nano-Permeability
Geochemical Analysis
Enhanced Oil Recovery
Chemical Flooding EOR
Gas Flood EOR
Interfacial Tension
Microbial EOR
Multi Purpose EOR Flooding Systems
Thermal EOR
Waterflooding
Reservoir Stimulation
Brine Crystallization
Matrix Acidizing
Rock Mechanics / Petrophysics
Acoustic Velocity
Multi-Property Analyzers
PVT
Density
Fluid Recombination
Phase Behavior & Analysis
Viscosity
PVT Accessories
Flow Assurance Systems
Asphaltenes & Wax
Emulsions
Fluid Pumpability
Hydrates
Scales
Components
Pumps & Pressure Boosters
Manual Pumps
Recirculation Pumps
Tubing and Fittings
About Us
About Us
Partners
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyright 1995-2018 by Vindum Engineering, Inc. All rights reserved.
Materials may be freely copied and distributed subject to the inclusion of the copyright notice and our web site address. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of this web site for the sole purpose of placing an order or using this site as a shopping resource.
Quizix and PumpWorks are trademarks of Ametek Chandler EngineeringHastelloy is a registered trademark of Haynes International, Inc.LabVIEW is a registered trademark of National Instruments CorporationWindows is a registered trademark of Microsoft CorporationTeflon is a registered trademark of DuPontKalrez and Viton are registered trademarks of DuPont Dow ElastomersAll other trademarks are the property of their respective ownersVindum.com Privacy Statement
Vindum Engineering, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the web site: www.vindum.com
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
This site contains links to other sites. Vindum Engineering, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
When Ordering
To process your order, we require your name, billing address, phone number, email address, shipping address and credit card information. We use this information solely to process your order and, if any questions should arise, to contact you about your order. We share this information, and only that information which is absolutely necessary, with those third parties that are involved in the processing of your order. For example, the financial institution that issued your credit card and the shipping carrier that delivers your order.
In addition to the information you provide, we automatically record your IP address when you place an order to help us detect fraudulent activity. We may share this with the financial institution that issued the credit card with which an order was placed, or with law enforcement authorities, if we determine use of the credit card was fraudulent.
Choice/Opt-Out or Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for removing or correcting their information in our database.
You can send email to info@vindum.com
You can send mail to the postal address listed at the bottom of this page.
You can call the telephone number listed at the top of this page.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealing with this web site, you can contact our webmistress at info@vindum.com
Product Search