https://www.a-tex.com/privacy/
PRIVACY • A-TEX
Skip to content
Search for:
HOMEPRODUCTSTRIMMINGPACKAGINGSTORE DECOSOURCE TAGGING SOLUTIONSABOUT USBRAND GUARDIANSOUR MINDSETCOMPLIANCESUSTAINABILITYDESIGNPRODUCTIONLOCATIONSMOVIESA-TEX BLOGCAREERJOIN USCURRENT POSITIONSCONTACTMY A-TEX
Search for:
HOMEPRODUCTSTRIMMINGPACKAGINGSTORE DECOSOURCE TAGGING SOLUTIONSABOUT USBRAND GUARDIANSOUR MINDSETCOMPLIANCESUSTAINABILITYDESIGNPRODUCTIONLOCATIONSMOVIESA-TEX BLOGCAREERJOIN USCURRENT POSITIONSCONTACTMY A-TEXHOMEPRODUCTSTRIMMINGPACKAGINGSTORE DECOSOURCE TAGGING SOLUTIONSABOUT USBRAND GUARDIANSOUR MINDSETCOMPLIANCESUSTAINABILITYDESIGNPRODUCTIONLOCATIONSMOVIESA-TEX BLOGCAREERJOIN USCURRENT POSITIONSCONTACTMY A-TEX
PRIVACYSupport2018-05-29T14:21:13+02:00
PRIVACY
The policy
This privacy policy is for this website www.a-tex.com and served by A-TEX A/S governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and the DPA (Danish Data Protection Act 2018)
Data controller and contact information
A-TEX A/S
Rosenholmvej 1-5
7400 Herning
Denmark
+45 96 29 00 00
denmark@a-tex.com
Collection of personal data
When you communicate with us we will collect your personal data in the shape of your name, your e-mail address, and your phone number.
Use of personal data
We will use your personal data for processing your order or inquiry.
We will only use your personal data to send marketing material if you have provided us with your prior explicit consent, unless legislation allows us to contact you without your prior consent.
Transfer to third parties
No data will be transferred third parties.
Transfer to third countries
Data will be transferred to third countries, inside Trimco Group.
Deletion of personal data
We will delete your personal data when we no longer need to process them in relation to the purpose set out above. However, the data may be processed and stored for a longer period in anonymized form.
Security
We have implemented security measures to ensure that our internal procedures meet our high security policy standards. Accordingly, we strive to protect the quality and integrity of your personal data.
Your rights
You are at any time entitled to be informed of the personal data about you that we process, but with certain legislative exceptions. You also have the right to object to the collection and further processing of your personal data. Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data rectified, erased or blocked according to the rules. Moreover, you have the right to receive information about you that you have provided to us, and the right to have this information transmitted to another data controller (data portability).
Withdrawal of consent
You may, at any time, withdraw any consent you have given and we will delete your personal data, unless we can continue the processing based on another purpose. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us by using the contact information stated above.
Amendment of data etc.
If you want us to update, amend or delete the personal data that we have recorded about you, wish to get access to the data being processed about you, or if you have any questions concerning the above, you may contact us by using the contact information stated above.
Complaints
If you wish to appeal against the processing of your personal data, please contact us by using the contact information stated above. You may also contact the Data Protection Agency, Borgergade 28, 5., 1300 Copenhagen K.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies on our website. You can read more about the use of cookies in our Cookie Policy, which you can find on the following link: http://www.a-tex.com/cookies
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website does not contain any sponsored links and adverts.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available, users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party antivirus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites, and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party antivirus software or similar applications.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about products, services and/or news we supply/publish. Users can subscribe through an online automated process, where they have given their explicit permission. Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages. The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive, and if it may contain third party content, is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies, in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites)
Shortened URL’s; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL’s (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media and looks similar to this (example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo). Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk, and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
A-TEX A/S Rosenholmvej 1-5
7400 Herning
Denmark
+45 96 29 00 00
denmark@a-tex.com
COMPANY PRODUCTS BRAND GUARDIANS COMPLIANCE CURRENT POSITIONS PRIVACY MY A-TEX
Social
Copyright 2017 -  A-TEX | All Rights Reserved
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use our website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Find more information here AcceptCookie indstillingerne på denne hjemmeside er aktiveret for at give dig den bedste oplevelse. Hvis du fortsætter med at bruge hjemmesiden uden at ændre dine cookie indstillinger eller du klikker Accepter herunder, betragtes dette som din acceptLuk
Go to Top