http://www.argantix.com/privacypolicy
BRANDS
AMREL
California Instruments
Elgar
Sorensen
VTI Instruments
POWER AND TEST »
BRANDS »
Sorensen »
Sorensen
From
benchtop supplies, modular power supplies to rack-mounted industrial power subsystems, AMETEK Programmable Power is the leader in the design and manufacture of precision, programmable power supplies. Sorensen is the premier DC programmable power supply brand manufactured by AMETEK Programmable Power. Sorensen DC power supplies are used in R&D, test and measurement, process control, power bus simulation and power conditioning applications across a wide variety of industrial segments.
The Sorensen brand product line includes DC programmable power supplies, DC linear power supplies, DC benchtop power supplies and DC modular power supplies ranging from 30W to 150kW. The voltage range is 5V to 1,000V and the current range is 1A to 8,000A.
Other Sorensen products include: DC bench power supplies, DC supplies, DC modular power supplies, modular power supplies, programmable power supplies, programmable power, programmable supplies, linear power supplies, fast slew rate power supplies, laser diode testing, battery testing, battery cell testing, fuel cell battery testing, fuel cell testing, hybrid car testing, automotive dc power testing, burn-in testing and dc programmable power.
History
The Sorensen brand, owned by Elgar Electronics Corporation (EEC), was acquired by Xantrex, Inc. along with EEC in 2006. The Xantrex programmable power business division was soon acquired by AMETEK, Inc. on August 25th, 2008. The existing Xantrex product lines were then rebranded to the Sorensen brand name.
Sorensen Products
Asterion DC Series
DLM 600 Series
XG 850 Series
XG 1500 Series
XG 1700 Series
XFR Series
DCS Series
DLM Series
SG Series
SGX Series
SFA Series
ASD Series
XT Series
XPL Series
XEL Series
XDL Series
XBT Series
XPF Series
HPD Series
XPH Series
XPD Series
XHR Series
SL Series
SHARE
By continuing to use the site you agree to our privacy and cookie policy.
Ok
MacCMS
×