http://www.fastrackids.com/privacypolicy/
Privacy Policy
FasTracKids  International , LTD.
Web Site Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the FasTracKids International, Ltd. (“FasTracKids”) web site (“our Web Site”).  This privacy policy establishes how FasTracKids will handle information learned about you from your visit to our Web Site.  Except where expressly indicated otherwise, the word “we” in this privacy policy shall refer to FasTracKids.  The references to “our Web Site” in this privacy policy shall refer to both “www.fastrackids.com” and “www.fastrackparents.com.”
If you are an existing franchisee, licensee, master franchisee or area developer of ours (each, a “Franchisee”), references to “our Web Site” shall include our Web Site’s franchisee sub-domains, franchisee country domains, and any other message board services, bulletin board services, chat areas, blogs, forums, and related communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with others in the FasTracKids franchise system, which are provided solely for the use of our Franchisees (collectively, the “Franchise Forum”).
Please be assured that the privacy of our visitors is of the utmost importance to us.  We collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit our Web Site unless you choose to provide that information to us. By providing personally identifiable information through our Web Site, you are consenting to the terms of this privacy policy.
Ownership of Information
We are the sole owner of the information we gather on our Web Site.  We will only share your personal information with third parties, if at all, in the ways described in this privacy policy, or if we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform with the requirements of applicable law.
Information Collection and Use
Automatic Collections: As with most web sites, when you visit our Web Site, we automatically collect and store the following, non-personally identifiable information:
The date and time of the visit
The originating IP address
The type of browser and operating system used (if provided by the browser)
The URL of the referring page (if provided by the browser)
The object requested
Completion status of the request
Pages visited
This automatically collected information is used by us to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our Web Site, and to assist us in making our Web Site more useful to visitors.  This includes analyzing these logs periodically to determine the traffic through our servers, the number of pages served, and the demand for certain areas of our Web Site and topics of interest.  These logs may be preserved indefinitely by us, used at any time and in any way deemed necessary by us, and disclosed to any third party without your knowledge or consent.  We do not link this automatically collected data to any personally identifiable information.
Voluntary Collections: As part of our normal business practice, we use our Web Site to facilitate communication with the general public, purchasers of our products and services, interested franchise candidates, and existing Franchisees.  In doing so, it is often necessary to collect personal information as part of that process.  For example, if you are an interested franchise candidate, we may ask that you submit a Request for Consideration form stating your name, address, telephone number, email address, fax number, age, marital status, spouse and dependent information, employment history, criminal history, professional affiliations, experience, anticipated plans for your franchise operation, information regarding any partners, business and personal goals, financial information, and/or other similar personal information, so that we may quickly and accurately respond to your inquiry.  If you are a parent or legal guardian requesting information about FasTracKids services or a particular franchise location, you may submit that request by providing your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and any other information we request.  If you are a parent or legal guardian of a student currently enrolled in our courses seeking to access the parent portions of our Web Site, we may ask for your name, your child’s name, other information regarding you and your child, and information regarding your child’s course participation, in order to verify your child’s enrollment or for other purposes.  If you are a current Franchisee of ours, we may ask for certain information regarding you and your business to verify your right to access the Franchise Forum or for other purposes.  All personal information submitted by you is completely voluntary. If you choose to submit any personal information to us through our Web Site by completing forms requesting personal information and pressing the “submit” or similar buttons, such information may be shared within our organization, which includes our owners, officers, directors and certain necessary employees, representatives and agents.  We may use this voluntarily provided information for purposes of responding to your immediate request, verifying your authority to enter certain portions of our Web Site, and for future contact and communication with you, including sending you promotional materials and other items.  We may store any personal information that you provide to us solely through our Web Site in a secure location, until such time as you request that we delete your personal information as set forth in the “Access to Personal Information” section below or until such time as we deem such personal information no longer useful in our normal business operations.  Our deletion or disposal of your personal information will be performed in a manner to insure the utmost protection of your personal information.
Sharing information with third parties: We may share any non-personally identifiable information, such as the information automatically collected when you visit our Web Site, with any third party without your knowledge or consent.  Generally, we will not share any personally identifiable information that you provide to us with any individual outside of our organization and franchise system, any other entity or organization, or any governmental agency, except with your prior written consent or as required by applicable law.  We expressly reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.  We may disclose your personal information to Franchisees, and their owners, officers, directors and certain necessary employees, representatives and agents.  In particular, if you are a parent or legal guardian requesting information about FasTracKids services or a particular franchise location, we will disclose any personal information you provide to the Franchisee operating the relevant franchise location.  We may also disclose your personal information to third parties who we contract with to support our business.  We expressly reserve the right to disclose your personal information to enforce the terms of use for our Web Site or to protect the safety and security of other users.
We may transfer your personal information to a successor entity or individual upon a merger, consolidation, or other reorganization or sale of substantially all assets of the applicable business, in which we participate.
E-mail: By sending an electronic mail message to us, for example, by sending an e-mail requesting information on becoming a Franchisee of ours, you may be sending us personally identifiable information.  In these cases, we may retain the information as long as necessary to accurately respond to your request.  Please be aware that e-mail is not necessarily secure from interception or misdirection.  For your own protection you may want to communicate sensitive information to us using a method other than e-mail.
Link to other Web Sites
Our Web Site may contain links to web sites not controlled or operated by us, including those of other private entities and organizations.  Please be aware that when you follow a link to another web site, you are then subject to the privacy policy of the new web site.  We do not take responsibility for, nor make any claim or representation as to the privacy policy of any other web site.  We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any other web site before submitting personal information to the controller or operator of such web site.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. They cannot be programmed, cannot carry viruses, and cannot install malware on the host computer.  We do use cookies on our Web Site for visitor tracking purposes through Google Analytics.
Access to Personal Information
If any of the personal information that you provide to us changes, or if you no longer desire for us to retain your personal information for the purposes set forth in this privacy policy, you may request the correction, update or deletion of such information by contacting us by any of the means set forth below.
Security
The security of any personal information that you provide to us is important to us.  We use generally accepted industry standards to protect any personal information submitted to us by you; however, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Terms of use
By using our Web Site, you are bound to the terms of use for our Web Site.  You can access those terms of use through our Web Site.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We expressly reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this privacy policy, such changes will be posted on this page.
International Use
We make no representations that this privacy policy is appropriate for locations outside of the United States, or whether access to our Web Site and the provision of information through our Web Site from such locations is permitted.  Those who choose to use our Web Site and provide us with information from such other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us in any of the following ways:
By email:                     info@fastrackids.com
By telephone:            +1-888-576-6888 Toll Free in the U.S.
+1-303-224-0200
By mail:                       FasTracKids International, Ltd.
6950 East Belleview Avenue, Suite 320
Greenwood Village, Colorado  80111
Attention: Web Master