https://www.hydrolift.com/privacy-policy/
DATA PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains how Eker Group including its subsidiaries including Hydrolift AS, Hydrolift Smart City Ferries AS, Eker Design AS, Eker Performance AS collects and uses personal information. Eker Group and its CIO/CSO Erik Trageton, is responsible for the processing of all personal data. Erik Sætren is responsible for web related privacy concerns.
The Policy contains information you require when collecting information from our website and general information on how we process personal data. By using our websites, you agree that your personal information is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
PURPOSE WITH PROCESSING YOUR DATA
The information we collect from you can be used for any of the following purposes:
Improve our website to give you a better experience
We are constantly striving to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Improve customer service
Your information helps us provide you with more efficient customer service and support and to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
Process transactions
If you purchase any goods from our online store, we will need to collect your personal information to be able to fulfill the order. Payment transaction is encrypted using SSL technology and handled by our payment partner.
Marketing
If you sign up to our newsletter, we will provide you with information about company news, products, services or events we offer that we feel may be of interest to you.
DATA WE COLLECT AND STORE
You may give us your information by filling in forms on our websites, or by corresponding with us by phone, email or regarding your purchase at one of our stores. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address and phone number, financial and credit card information. We do not store credit card information, this is handled by our provider.
We use Google Analytics to get statistics on how you as a visitor use our website. The Google Analytics settings is set to anonymize the ip-addresses. Our webservers will collect data like IP, browser type, operating system and screen resolution. We use this data for statistical purposes. Our Website hosting provider is DreamHost Inc, though no customer data is stored on their servers.
We us a CRM system as part of our Sales and Marketing tools for the purpose of giving you a better and more personalized follow-up after you have shown interest in our products and services. Data used and collected in this tool may be stored outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Protected by the Privacy Shield Framework.
This information is processed for the legal basis legitimate interest and is used to develop website features and content.
Pictures
By attending our events, you consent to be photographed, filmed and/or otherwise recorded in a group setting. Where your personal details are legible, we will contact you to seek your permission prior to publication.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that our website or service provider sends to the hard disk of your computer through the browser (if you allow) and which causes the site to recognize your browser and can retrieve and remember certain information. We use cookies to execute essential functionalities and improve the user experience as well as compile statistics on traffic and measuring the site analytics.
The following systems may place cookies on your device when using our digital channels
Google Analytics: web statistics
Used to track users across multiple pageviews for web analytics
Google AdWords: conversion tracking and remarketing
Used to
measure conversions
show targeted ads based on the content you’ve seen in our digital channels
Facebook: social buttons, conversion tracking and retargeting
Used to
display social buttons in digital channels
measure conversions
show targeted ads based on the content you have read in our channels
LinkedIn: social buttons
Used to display social buttons in digital channels
Twitter: social buttons
Used to display social buttons in digital channels
HubSpot: web statistics and profiling
Used to
track users across multiple pageviews for analysis
marketing and sales
Appnexus: retargeting and conversion tracking
Used to
measure conversions
show targeted ads based on the content you’ve seen in our digital channels
Adform: retargeting and conversion tracking
Used to
measure conversions
show targeted ads based on the content you’ve seen in our digital channels
Sharing of data with third party
We may disclose your personal information to all our companies in Eker Group, partners and our suppliers when needed, such as:
Motor manufacturers for warranty registrations
Financing Companies
Insurance companies
Shipping registers
Authorities
Dealers (sales purpose)
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?
Website forms
When submitting a form, the data is stored in our CRM and email systems, and is deleted upon request.
Newsletter
We typically send newsletters 1 – 2 times per month via email. In order to send you our newsletters, you must register an email address. The email address is stored in a separate database, not shared with others and deleted when you unsubscribe. The email address will also be deleted if we receive feedback that it is not active. The basis for our email marketing is your consent.
Google Analytics
All data from Google Analytics are anonymized and stored in accordance with applicable legislation.
Transactions
The Norwegian “Regnskapsloven” requires us to store transaction data for 5 years, but in order to safeguard customers’ rights regarding warranty and complaints we store your purchase data. Deleted upon request.
Emails
Inquiries sent to our general mail account (i.e sales/info/service) will be processed and stored if needed to fulfill our commitments. Data is deleted on request or when not needed.
EXTERNAL SOURCES
Some of our pages will use content from external sites like YouTube, Vimeo and Google. We also provide the functionality to share content on social media.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.
Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google\’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.
If you’re logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.
Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Vimeo
Our website uses features provided by the Vimeo video portal. This service is provided by Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA.
If you visit one of our pages featuring a Vimeo plugin, a connection to the Vimeo servers is established. Here the Vimeo server is informed about which of our pages you have visited. In addition, Vimeo will receive your IP address. This also applies if you are not logged in to Vimeo when you visit our plugin or do not have a Vimeo account. The information is transmitted to a Vimeo server in the US, where it is stored.
If you are logged in to your Vimeo account, Vimeo allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account.
For more information on how to handle user data, please refer to the Vimeo Privacy Policy at https://vimeo.com/privacy.
Share on social media
If you use this functionality, the media you share on will process data. We do not store any of this data.
SECURITY
We and our data processors will store and process your data securely in line with our obligations under applicable data protection law.
YOUR PERSONAL RIGHTS
You are entitled to request a report on what personal information we have stored about you. This can be made within 30 days. You also have the right to request that incorrect information about you shall be corrected, as well as the ability to request removal of your personal information. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data and to prohibit the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on the Website. Each time you enter the Website, you agree that the Privacy Policy current at that time shall apply to all information held by you.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy or how we process your data should be addressed to: gdpr@eker.no
This policy was last updated September 9, 2020.
Menu