https://www.newhorizon.org/credit-info/privacy-policy/
Home |
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which NewHorizon.org collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the NewHorizon.org website (“Site.”) By viewing, accessing, using or browsing the Website, or by registering as a member of the Service (as defined herein), you agree to this privacy policy and the Terms of Service of said web property as a binding legal agreement between you and NewHorizon.org, without limitation or qualification. Personal identification information NewHorizon.org keeps track of non-personally identifiable information such as the IP address of the User’s computer, time of access, browser type and files downloaded to gather usage statistics for its web site. IP addresses are not associated with other information about a user, but only indicate general visitor navigation patterns. NewHorizon.org website has embedded tags that allow some third party entities such as Google Analytics, and/or similar services to collect non-personally identifiable usage statistics. Submission and Processing of Information When you subscribe or sign up to the Website, NewHorizon.org may ask you for certain personally identifiable information. This personally identifiable information may include information that can be used to identify or contact you, such as your name and email address. You must agree to the Terms of Service of this website before making any comments or leaving any reviews on any posting. User Postings Except as otherwise expressly described in this Privacy Policy, this policy only addresses the use and disclosure of Personal Information and other information we collect from you. In the course of your use of the Website, including when you create a profile on the Website, you may elect to post or otherwise disclose information about yourself and others, which may include Personal Information or other personally identifiable information. You may also elect to communicate with others or upload content such as photographs. Such postings are governed by our Terms of Service. Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable web pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected or used by others. Such postings may also appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Furthermore, although NewHorizon.org restricts access to portions of the Website to members of the Service, since the Service is offered through and accessible through a number of other websites in addition to the Website, any information that you post to the Website for access by members of the Website may be searchable and available to users of the Service who access it via different websites from the Website. You may also receive unsolicited messages from other parties as a result of such disclosure. Such activities are beyond the control of NewHorizon.org and this Privacy Policy. You should therefore exercise discretion and extreme caution when disclosing any Personal Information or other information when using the Website or the Service. Third Party Websites The Website may contain links to other websites. NewHorizon.org is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites. It is the User’s responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that they are acceptable prior to use. A link does not constitute an endorsement of the content, viewpoint or accuracy of such websites. Marketing Communication If you have used the Website before, it is possible that NewHorizon.org has data about you already and it is being used to contact you about offers, events, items or related activities. If you are an existing customer, NewHorizon.org will continue to keep you informed unless you revoke your consent via the procedures set forth below. If you are a new user, NewHorizon.org will give you the choice (for example, once you have subscribed or signed up) whether or not you want to receive emails regarding future offers, events and new services or related activities. NewHorizon.org will not bombard you with emails, but NewHorizon.org, with your consent, would like to keep you informed of any developments on the Website. If you have consented to receive such information, you may always revoke that consent at any time by deleting your account. Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information Transmission of data and information via the Website is not a secure or encrypted transmission method for sending your Personal Information, unless otherwise indicated on the Website. Accordingly, your attention is drawn to the fact that any information and personal data carried over the Internet is not secure. Personal Information may be intercepted, lost, redirected, corrupted, changed and accessed by other people. Nevertheless, NewHorizon.org is committed to using all reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information collected through the Website against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, we limit employees’ access to Personal Information collected through the Website to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. In addition, we set strict security standards to prevent any unauthorized access to your Personal Information once we have received it and wherever possible we will use adequate security software and working procedures to ensure the security of your personal data. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain accuracy, and ensure proper use of Personal Information, we have employed physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure the Personal Information we collect online. These measures include limiting the number of people who have physical access to NewHorizon.org database servers, as well as electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access. Data in our Logs. When you use NewHorizon.org or go to a webpage or use an app that has NewHorizon.org features (like our “Share It” button), our system automatically records that information (“data in our logs”) including information that your internet browser sends whenever you search a website or your mobile application sends when you’re using it going to and from different applications. The data in our logs may also include your IP address, the address of the most recent web pages you’ve visited that had NewHorizon.org features, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used NewHorizon.org , and cookie data. Disclosure of Personal Information We may disclose your Personal Information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties if you have consented to such disclosure. In addition, we may disclose or provide access to your Personal Information to third parties without your consent:
if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Personal Information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; if NewHorizon.org or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case Personal Information held by it about its customers will, in most instances, be one of the transferred assets; if we ask a third party to carry out data analysis, cleansing and/or market research on our behalf; for the purpose of validating the identity of the user and/or conducting background checks; or if we have a good faith belief that we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation (such as in connection with a law enforcement request, judicial proceeding, court order or legal process), or in order to enforce or apply our policy or to protect the rights, property, or safety of NewHorizon.org , our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Children’s Online Privacy It is important to NewHorizon.org that parents and guardians have control over what information is collected from their children online and how such information is or may be used. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) imposes restrictions on commercial websites, including ours. It is our policy to be compliant with the requirements of COPPA and not to solicit or collect information about or from children age 13 and under. Beyond the requirements of COPPA, we require that individuals be age 18 or over to register as a member of the Service and thus it is our policy not to solicit or collect information about or from anyone under the age of 18. Users are cautioned, however, that absent a clear indication an online communication has been submitted by a person under age 18, the collection of Personal Information submitted to the Website will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access. In the event that NewHorizon.org receives an online communication clearly indicating that it has been submitted by a person under the age of 18, under no circumstances will any Personal Information be published on the Website, be used for a purpose not intended by its sender or shared with third parties. If you or your company would like more information about COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission’s official COPPA page at www.ftc.gov. Changes to this Privacy Policy and Transfers of Ownership You agree that if we transfer ownership or management of the Website or NewHorizon.org to a third party we may also transfer your Personal Information and any other data or information you have provided to us to such third party, provided such third party agrees to observe this Privacy Policy. NewHorizon.org may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to accurately reflect how we gather and manage User information. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website and, where appropriate and practicable, notify you by e-mail. All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting to the Website. Please be sure to regularly check our Privacy Policy before using the Website. Continued use of the Website shall indicate your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy. Disclaimer The information provided in this Privacy Policy should not be construed as giving business, legal or other advice, or warranting as fail proof the integrity and security of information provided through this Website. While all reasonable attempts are made to provide accurate, current and reliable information, NewHorizon.org recognizes the possibility of human and/or mechanical error and the possibility that Users of the Site and other third parties may provide and/or publish information, graphics and images on the Site that are false, misleading, or inaccurate. Therefore, NewHorizon.org makes no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, currency or suitability of the information provided on this Website, and denies any expressed or implied warranty as to the same. For further disclaimers and limitations of liability of NewHorizon.org regarding your use of the Website and Service, see its Terms of Service. Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Web browser cookies Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission. Third party websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.   Cookie policy What Are Cookies As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies. How We Use Cookies We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use. Disabling Cookies You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. The Cookies We Set
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence. Third Party Cookies In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Pinterest, Linkedin, Twitter, Instagram, StumbleUpon, Google+, and Youtube, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However, if you are still looking for more information, you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: Admin (at) Newhorizon (dot) org
Please understand.  NewHorizon.org is a US based company marketing to other US consumers and/or businesses.  We DO NOT have resources to help people with bad credit outside of the US.  If you are outside of the US, the services on this website will NOT be available to you.
If you have any questions about our preparation for the GDPR, please contact NewHorizon.org . Advertising Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Since this is an informational blog, humor blog, parody website you have the opportunity to place ads or advertisements with us, please contact our support team for more information. Choice/Opt-out If we ever send you information by email concerning new products, services or information that you did not expressly request, we will provide you with an email address by which you may request no further notices. Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act NewHorizon.org understands Google along with all other web browsers must adhere to any and all laws, of any and all States with the United States and abroad when anyone under the age of 18 years old is involved. NewHorizon.org is law compliant. NewHorizon.org does not hire children to perform any work on this web property or for the company itself. Children are not allowed to peruse, join, read, write or co-join this website. Children is defined as a person under the age of 18 years age, no matter if they are emancipated or not, or they are the ward of court jurisdictions. Children are not allowed to contract, therefore, may not purchase services and or products from NewHorizon.org . Changes to this privacy policy NewHorizon.org has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and Terms of Service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Contact us NewHorizon.org welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that NewHorizon.org has not adhered to this Statement, please contact admin at NewHorizon dot org Effective as of May 25, 2018
SPONSORED ADS
BUSINESS FINANCINGHOME Equipment Leasing Startup Lease Factoring Working Capital Sale Leaseback Credit Card Resources
Unsecured Credit Cards for Bad Credit Unsecured Credit Cards for Good Credit Secured Credit Cards Soft Inquiry Credit Cards Prepaid Debit Cards Student Credit Cards Credit Reports
Consumer Loans
Personal Loans for Good & Bad Credit Car Loans for Bad & Good Credit
Business Loans
Equipment Leasing Start-up Lease Factoring Working Capital Sale Lease Back
Recent CommentsMelanie Mathis on How To Get A Charge-Off Account Off Your Credit ReportL. Roberts on “Closed By Grantor” – What Is This And Will It Affect Your Credit Score?Gini Cook on How To Get A Charge-Off Account Off Your Credit ReportMary on “Closed By Grantor” – What Is This And Will It Affect Your Credit Score?Alice Carroll on Things To Know If You Are Considering Bankruptcy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept
Read morePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Learn how to QUICKLY INCREASE your credit score
GET STARTED!
x
Fill out the form below to start improving your credit
x