http://www.albionchairs.com/privacy-cookie-policy.htm
Brochures
Tools for the Trade
Uni Bundles Datasheets
Instructions
Dealer Information
Archive
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Through our procedures we strive to ensure that your data is maintained securely and access is limited to authorised persons only.
With regard to the Data Protection Act 1998, and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, Albion Chairs Ltd is the data controller, registered at Unit 003, Parma house, Clarendon road, London N22 6XF
We collect data either via our website contact form or if you email us directly.
In the contact form, we only ask for your name, company name, and email address. If you email us directly, you may be providing further data, such mobile phone number as the project you wish to discuss. This is your own choice to send.
When you visit our website we collect and may use certain technical details about you and your visit (please see our Cookie Policy).
We collect data to be able to use it in one of three ways:
As a new contact, to respond to your enquiry, either through our website's contact form or if you email us directly.
If you are an existing client, to contact you as a part of the normal business process.
To send you emailers of a marketing nature for promoting ourselves to you, informing you of new services we offer and news.
We never share your data with any other third party, individual or organisation.
We will delete your data if you request us to do so.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any point using the unsubscribe button at the base of the email.
The legal bases for our holding your personal information are as follows:
Your consent – you as a client or potential client has consented to the processing of your personal data. Your consent will have been given to receiving marketing material through our website or by responding to a separate emailing. You may change your consent at any time via email at phil@albionchairs.com or by calling us on 01494 836784.
Via contract – if you have enquired about our services, then the processing of your personal data is necessary for us to fulfill the business obligations of our contract with you.
Legitimate business interests – we process your personal data to provide you with information about our products and services. You may change your consent at any time via email at phil@albionchairs.com or by calling us on 01494 836784.
We recognise your rights with regard to the personal information that we hold about you in accordance with applicable law.
Access. You have the right to request access to the personal information we hold about you and information describing what we do with that information.
Rectification. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data and complete any incomplete personal data that we hold about you.
Prevention of processing likely to cause damage or distress. We respect your rights under the DPA and GDPR to require us to cease or not to begin processing your personal information for a specific purpose, or in a specific way, that is likely to cause you or any third parties unwarranted damage or distress.
Erasure. We will erase your personal information at your request without undue delay.
Restriction. We will restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances, if you ask us to do so.
Data portability. We will provide you or third parties on your behalf with a copy of any personal information that we hold about you which you have provided to us.
Objection (including objection to direct marketing). We respect your general rights to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances, including for direct marketing purposes.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time.
Any complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should in the first instance be reported to us. In the event of no resolution, you may contact the UK Information Commissioner on 0303 123 1113, www.ico.org.uk
Last updated 1 May 2018
Cookie policy
This website www.albionchairs.com uses cookies, you are invited to accept or refuse their use.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files, which are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. They are used to remember useful information which allows certain functionality within the website to work, for example remembering where you have reached within an order process, or if you've logged in to a site before. Cookies are not harmful to your computer.
Types of cookie
Session cookies are temporary cookies and are only stored until you leave the website or when you close your web browser.
Persistent cookies last for a fixed period of time, defined within the cookie, and allow the website to recognise the device again when the user returns to that website on that device.
We may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics from our site, such as
Google Analytics.
Managing cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features our site offers, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Last updated March 2 2018.
© Albion Chairs Ltd.   |   Privacy & Cookie Policy