http://www.iilabs.com/privacy.php
::  Policies and Privacy Statement :: Integrated Imaging
Deprecated:
Function ereg() is deprecated in /home/iilabs/public_html/includes/top_bar.php on line 97
Deprecated:
Function ereg() is deprecated in /home/iilabs/public_html/includes/top_bar.php on line 116
Deprecated:
Function ereg() is deprecated in /home/iilabs/public_html/includes/top_bar.php on line 125
::
Search for:
Our Backyard:
Going up Gannett Peak
Click image to enlarge
Policies & Privacy Statement
SALES:
We will do our best to deliver every order as quickly as possible, and at the highest quality obtainable from your particular film. There are times when we will not be able to provide certain items due to circumstances beyond our control. There are also times when your film transfer may not be up to our standards due to film conditions, such as under or overexposure, film degradation, and emulsion layer breakdown.
Customer agrees to bear responsibility for any duties/taxes that may apply to a purchase shipped outside of the U.S. and that Integrated Imaging will not be held accountable.
Prices of items may change without notice. It is the customers responsibility to check our web site to obtain the most up to date prices, and order forms.
We retain the right to refuse service to anyone, for any reason
RETURNS:
In the unlikely event that you are unhappy with the quality of a service or product provided by Integrated Imaging, you must notify us within thirty (30) days after receiving the merchandise. You will be given an authorization for return, No work will be refunded / redone without an authorization. Mark the outside of the package clearly with the word "REDO". Include a copy of all order sheets sent from us with your order. We are not responsible for any merchandise returned without authorization. All authorized returns must be received within ten (10) business days after authorization. We will review the film and transfer, and at our discretion either redo the transfer, or refund the purchase price. If the fault does not lie with us, you will be charged a return shipping fee.
Returns must be insured parcel Post or insured UPS or FedEx. No COD's accepted.
LEGAL:
Liability of Integrated Imaging, its officers, employees and directors is limited to a refund of the purchase price of any item or service purchased. This limitation of liability applies to all damages of any kind including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, loss of or damage to property, loss of income and claims of third parties.
PRIVACY:
We collect some data about your order when you use the "estimator" and when you pay online. This data is used in the event there is a problem with an order form. This data is held on a secure server, protected by SSL encryption, We delete this data after 3 - 6 months, and we will never share, sell, or allow access to this information by anyone outside Integrated Imaging under any circumstances.
Unsolicited Customer Testimonial:Thanks for your email.
I'm relieved they arrived ok in the Christmas rush.
My wife if very concerned about several of those reels as they have the birth of our eldest daughter on them.
Thanks for taking good care of them.
I was very pleased with the first batch I sent you so figured I could trust you with these more sensitive ones!Merlin
Read More Testimonials
info@iilabs.com
Home  •
Film to DVD  •
Film to Video  •
Video to DVD  •
DVD Duplicating  •
Video Duplicating  •
Slides & Prints  •
Foreign Video Conversions  •
Audio Conversions & Duplicates  •
FAQ  •
Online Film Transfer Estimator  •
Ordering Information  •
Testimonials  •
About Us  •
Contact  •
Policies & Privacy  •
Video Portfolio  •
Picture Gallery  •
Site Map  •
Payments
Copyright ©
1986 - 2020 Integrated Imaging all rights reserved