http://www.bastiansolutions.com/service/privacy/
Skip to main content
Bastian Solutions
Bastian Solutions
Account
Phone
Cart
Chat
Email
Menu
Search
Gears
Cart
Location
Team
Support
Print
Envelope
Support
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
The Bastian Solutions Consumer Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Bastian Solutions anytime you interact with Bastian Solutions, such as when you visit our website, when you purchase Bastian Solutions products and services, or when you call our sales or support associates. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at Bastian Solutions, and we go to great lengths to protect it.
Summary
Bastian Solutions takes protecting your privacy very seriously.We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service.
Bastian Solutions does not sell or rent your contact information to marketers.
Bastian Solutions takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
The Bastian Solutions Website use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service. It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services. Additionally, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, services and software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about. If you do not want Bastian Solutions to keep you up to date with Bastian Solutions news, software updates and the latest information on products and services please call us toll free at 1-800-837-3760 and update your personal contact information and preferences.
What Information We Collect and How We May Use It
There are a number of situations in which your personal information may help us provide you with better service or better products. For example: We may ask for your personal information when you’re discussing a service issue on the phone, downloading a software update, registering for a webinar, participating in an online survey, or purchasing a product or service. When y ou interact with Bastian Solutions, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences; your credit card information and information about the Bastian Solutions products you have purchased in the past, such as their serial numbers, factory order numbers, and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue. We also collect information for market research purposes such as your occupation, your industry, or how you intend to use a particular product or service, to gain a better understanding of our customers and thus provide you with a more valuable service or product in the future. We collect information regarding customer activities on our websites. This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites, products, and services, are of most interest to them. We may use personal information to provide products that you have requested as well as for auditing, research, and analysis to improve Bastian Solutions’s products and services.
Publicly Displayed Information is Public
If you use a bulletin board, product review board, or chat room on a Bastian Solutions website you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Bastian Solutions strongly encourages you not to provide any personal information in this type of environment. Additionally, Bastian Solutions is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. For example, if you choose to make information, which was previously non-public, available by enabling certain user features, Bastian Solutions will collect that information from your interaction and the information will become publicly available.
When We Disclose Your Information
Bastian Solutions takes your privacy very seriously. Bastian Solutions does not sell or rent your contact information to other marketers.
With Our Service Providers, Vendors, and Strategic Partners
There are also times when it may be advantageous for Bastian Solutions to make certain personal information about you available to companies that Bastian Solutions has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Bastian Solutions to provide products and services to you on our behalf. These companies may help us to provide you with any or all of the following types of activities as well as other activities not mentioned in detail here; fulfill customer orders, deliver products to you, conduct satisfaction surveys, or deliver requested emails. These companies are also obligated to protect your personal information in accordance with Bastian Solutions’s policies, except if we inform you otherwise at the time of collection.
Additionally we only share the minimum amount of information necessary to effective service our customers needs. For example, when you purchase a product, you authorize Bastian Solutions and its strategic partners to exchange the information that you provide during the ordering process to fulfill that order, including such information as contact name and address. Without such information being made available, it would be difficult for you to purchase products, have products delivered to you, receive customer service, provide us feedback to improve our products and services, or access certain services, offers, and content on the Bastian Solutions website.
By Law
At times we may be required by law or litigation to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Bastian Solutions takes precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.The Bastian Solutions Website use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required. To make purchases from the Bastian Solutions Online Store, you must use an SSL-enabled browser. Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it’s transmitted over the Internet. You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure web browser.
Integrity of Your Personal Information
Bastian Solutions has safeguards in place to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date for the purposes for which it is used. Naturally, you always have the right to access and correct the personal information you have provided. You can help us ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by contacting us at 1-800-837-3760. You can request a copy of your personal information, your product history, and your interactions with our sales and support agents by contacting us at 1-800-837-3760.
Cookies and Other Technologies
As is standard practice on many corporate websites, Bastian Solutions’s website uses “cookies” and other technologies to help us understand which parts of our websites are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to make sure that our online advertising is bringing customers to our products and services. We use cookies and other technologies to study traffic patterns on our website, to make it even more rewarding as well as to study the effectiveness of our customer communications. And we use cookies to customize your experience and provide greater convenience each time you interact with us. If, however, you prefer not to enable cookies, we would be glad to service your needs offline by calling 1-800-837-3760.
Please note that certain features of the Bastian Solutions website will not be available once cookies are disabled. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Bastian Solutions will not use the information collected to market directly to that person.
In some of our email messages we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Bastian Solutions website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply avoid clicking text or graphic links in the email.
Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy
As we said, Bastian Solutions takes protecting your privacy very seriously. To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate these guidelines to Bastian Solutions employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. In addition, Bastian Solutions supports industry initiatives to preserve privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Please be aware that other web sites when accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to Bastian Solutions web site are not covered by this privacy statement.
Close