http://www.ltcconnection.com/site/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 13, 2020
Welcome to the LTCConnection.com website (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by Net Study, LLC. (“NetStudy” or “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting your privacy. We have established this privacy policy and are providing it to you so that you can understand the manner in which we collect, use, maintain, and disclose your information and the efforts we use to protect it. This policy applies to information we collect: (a) on this Site; (b) in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Site; and (c) through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Site. Please note that this policy is for the NetStudy.com website and does not apply to third-party websites linked from our Site. Please check the privacy policies on those web sites for more information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Age of Users
Our Site is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children or users under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Site, make any purchases through the Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have inadvertently and without authorization obtained any information from a child or user under 18, please contact us.
Personal Information Collected
We recognize the need for consumers to control the use and management of personal information. By personal information we mean information that can be used to identify or contact an individual. This may include, but is not limited to, a first and last name, a physical address, an email address, a credit card number, a date of birth, or a phone number. If you are visiting our Site to browse or find information about NetStudy products or services, you do not need to provide any personal information about yourself or about any other person. If you decide to register or make a purchase, however, we may collect this information so that we can provide you with the product or service you requested.
The information we collect on or through our Site may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site or purchasing our products or services.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Site and/or the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Site.
Automatic Information Collected
Like most website operators and social media, we collect certain information automatically, without your input, of the sort that web browsers and servers and social media typically make available, such as your internet connection, operating system, browser type, language preference, referring site or source, location data, and other usage details. Our purpose in collecting this automatic information is to better understand how our visitors use the Site and social media. This information, and information about internet IP and social media, as well as the date and time web pages are visited, are stored in various security and traffic logs. Our service provider reviews these logs, using statistical analysis, in an effort to track and predict traffic patterns and estimate resource needs. Unless we are tracking down a technical problem or we suspect either fraudulent behavior or illegal conduct, we do not trace specific user sessions.
Supplemental Technologies
Our Site uses browser cookies, session identifiers, JavaScript™, and browser detection technology to provide consumers with a more pleasant, personalized online experience. Many browsers provide consumers with the ability to disable some or all of these technologies. Disabling them, especially in the case of JavaScript™, may prevent you from viewing some webpages. Cookies we use do not place any personally identifiable information on your computer.
Third-Party Use of Supplemental Technologies
Some content or applications on the Site are served by third parties. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Personal Information Use
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Site and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To service your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Sites or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
If you submit an order through our Site, you will receive an email confirmation from our system. As your order status changes, you may also receive notifications via email. These notifications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We may also periodically send you email notifications concerning products or services and newsletters. Any such notification will include instructions for opting out of future mailings. No credit card numbers are ever stored on our platform, though general payment identifiers (expiration dates, last 4 digits, etc) may be saved at your request to facilitate future transactions.  All private payment information is encrypted prior to storage.
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To process and file any course credits with the relevant licensing authority.
To report your activity and status to your employer or designated managers.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
With your consent.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of NetStudy, our customers, or others.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we disclose information provided by you are obligated to protect your information on our behalf. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party web sites reached through links from our site.
We will not sell or trade your information to unrelated third parties without your consent.
Information Control
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of personal information you provide to us when registering for NetStudy services or making purchases. After registering, you are responsible for updating your contact information as needed.
Confidentiality and Security
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected. Our Site is hosted on Amazon Web Services which makes use of multiple levels of redundant firewalls and database encryption to protect information. Internally, we limit access to your information to those employees or agents whom we believe have reasonable need to use the information to provide products or services to you, or to perform their jobs. In addition, all traffic - including any payment transactions - is encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Where you have created and entered your own password directly, that password is immediately hashed and encrypted and is never visible or knowable by anyone else.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
Notifications
This Site may send you e-newsletters and notifications via email in order to communicate with you and service your NetStudy account. These communications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We will send the email, but we cannot guarantee delivery. You are responsible for providing a valid email address and for updating it when your address changes.
History
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Your Rights; Contact
If you do not want to have your contact information used by us as described, you can opt-out by contacting us below. You may also contact us at the address indicated below to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see “Your California Privacy Rights” for more information.
Please direct all privacy-related questions and concerns as follows:
email: privacy@netstudy.com
phone: (866) 339-3900
or by mail:
Net Study LLC
Attn: Data Protection
850 E Grand Ave, Suite 6A
Lake Villa, IL 60046
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit www.netstudy.com/site/ccpa.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write or email to us at the address indicated above.