http://www.everbum.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Applications
Food Additives
Glycemic Index
Baby Care Log
Baby Major Steps
Help
FAQ
Applications Help
Newsletters
Contact
About Us
eVerbum SRL Privacy Policy
eVerbum SRL is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by eVerbum SRL through the website and services, as well as its offline product support services.
Changes
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it regularly. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy.
Security
eVerbum SRL uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Cookies
eVerbum SRL website and services use “cookies” to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server.
Information Collection and Use
eVerbum SRL requests and collects personal information like your name, address, telephone number, and email address. This can be done while you are visiting our forums, requesting support, and during the purchase process. We do not collect or save any credit card or other payment information. These information are only collected by our payment partners. We do not have access to these information. We also track user traffic throughout our website and services. We use this tracking information to optimize our website and services and to make aggregate reports on traffic for our partners.
The information that we collect is necessary for us to fulfill your order, track the status of your order, and provide the best possible customer service. From time to time, eVerbum SRL sends newsletters and notices of special offers and product discounts. From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our websites.
We will not give or sell your private information to any outside company for use in marketing or solicitation. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
Some eVerbum SRL services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such services, both eVerbum SRL and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services.
Tagsadditives
allergic
android
app
application
asthmatic
baby
bluetooth
brain
chat
children
dangerous
development
E-numbers
easy
eat
feedback
fitness
food
free
GI
GL
glycemic index
glycemic load
growth
harmless
healthy
informed
intuitive
life
log
many clocks
milestone
new product
news
nursing
nursing log
parent
products
releases
surprise
track
vegan
vegetarians
women
Categories
Applications
Food Additives
Glycemic Index
Google Play categories
Health & Fitness
New Projects
Newsletters
slider
Recent Posts
Newsletter, January-March 2014
Newsletter, November-December 2013
Newsletter, October 2013
Newsletter, September 2013
Baby Major Steps
follow eVerbum: Check my Facebook account Be in my Circle Connect with me RSS Tweet with me Watch my videos Subscribe to my YouTube Channel
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're OK with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy