https://www.welchfluorocarbon.com/legal-privacy/
Welch Fluorocarbon
Skip to content
603-742-0164 Shop Contact Us
Go
Company History Teams Associations Company News Contact Us CareersIndustries Medical Devices Aerospace Environmental Biotechnology Electrical ComponentsCustom Manufacturing Development & Prototyping Thermoforming Heat Sealing Manufacturing CapacityTeflon™ Products Teflon™ Bags Teflon™ Drum Liners FEP Overwrap Bags Teflon™ Chambers Teflon™ LabwareQuality Quality PolicyMaterials Films Compare Films
Legal Information and Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Any information provided by a Website visitor is held in strict confidence by Welch Fluorocarbon, and will not be sold or given to any other organization or business.
Except as is provided for below, user-specific information will only be used to fulfill the specific request or purpose for which it was provided.
Information collected online may be used by Welch Fluorocarbon to inform the user about Welch Fluorocarbon services and products of potential interest.
Information submitted to Welch Fluorocarbon via the web site or electronic mail is not encrypted and may be accessible to anyone who is monitoring web site traffic through the servers used to route this data.
The Welch Fluorocarbon web site contains links to other sites. Welch Fluorocarbon is not responsible for the privacy policies of other web sites.
Legal Information
All text, images, designs, logo, files, attachments, programs, and materials on this Web site are Copyright © 1985-2018 Welch Fluorocarbon, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
All product and service marks contained herein that are not the property of Welch Fluorocarbon are the trademarks of their respective owners.
The Welch Fluorocarbon name or logo cannot be used in any manner without the prior written consent of Welch Fluorocarbon, Inc.
No links to the Welch Fluorocarbon web site are authorized without the prior written consent of Welch Fluorocarbon, Inc.
References to, information about, or links to any names, marks, sites, products or services of third parties does not constitute or imply Welch Fluorocarbon Inc. endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service.
Welch Fluorocarbon may make changes in the products, services and/or programs described in this website at any time and without notice.
Welch fluorocarbon disclaims all warranties, representations or endorsements, express or implied, with regard to the information obtained in or accessed from this website.
Material on the Welch Fluorocarbon web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Any User who uses or rely on this information do so at their own risk.
Company
History
Teams
Associations
Company News
Contact Us
Careers
Industries
Medical Devices
Aerospace
Environmental
Biotechnology
Electrical Components
Custom Manufacturing
Development & Prototyping
Thermoforming
Heat Sealing
Manufacturing Capacity
Teflon™ Products
Teflon™ Bags
Teflon™ Drum Liners
FEP Overwrap Bags
Teflon™ Chambers
Teflon™ Labware
Quality
Quality Policy
Materials
Films
Compare Films
Copyright © 1985 - 2020 Welch Fluorocarbon Inc. All rights reserved. Home
Contact Us
Tech Blog
Fluoro Lab
Careers
Legal and Privacy
Site Map
RSS ShareThis Linked In
Thank you