http://www.hss.com/hire/terms-and-conditions
Powerful and efficient without being cumbersome you’ll find our remote lighting towers are more than efficient for any onsite work.
VIEW ALL
Eex Safety Lighting
Our most popular Eex Safety Lighting products
EEx Extension Lead
EEx Tank Light 72w
OUR RANGE
For clean, bright illumination the HSS selection of EEx Safety Lighting is an ideal choice for a variety of work applications.
Designed and manufactured to the highest standards required for use in hazardous atmospheres, you can ensure a safe and efficient environment for your work.
VIEW ALL
Painting and Decorating
Painting and Decorating
Decorating
Our most popular Decorating products
Professional Wallpaper Stripper
Portable Dust Partition Kit
OUR RANGE
Whether you're are tidying up the garage, renovating the warehouse or repainting your bedroom, our decorating equipment is ideally suited to the task. With wallpaper strippers for preparation, or ladders and platforms for a solid work area, painting and decorating has just been made a lot easier.
VIEW ALL
Spray Systems
Our most popular Spray Systems products
Paddle Mixing Drills
Portable Air Compressors
OUR RANGE
HSS offer an extended range of quality spray systems suitable for a variety of metal, wood, stone and wallpapered surfaces. Not restricted to conventional DIY and home improvement projects, the HSS spray systems are ideal for a variety of spraying tasks.
Need to spray paint on a range of surfaces? Then our electric and petrol sprayers are ideal for the job. Looking to do some bodywork repairs on your motor vehicle? Then HSS have varying sizes of cellulose spray systems that will complete the task.
VIEW ALL
Plumbing and Pipework
Plumbing and Pipework
Drain Clearance, Inspection and Maintenance
Our most popular Drain Clearance products
Drain Rods
OUR RANGE
Troubled by blocked drains or pipe obstructions which are preventing water flow? The HSS range of drain clearance tools allows you to quickly clear blockages in a variety of awkward pipes and underground drainage systems.
VIEW ALL
Pipe Cutting
Our most popular Pipe Cutting products
Pipe Recip Saw & Clamp
Pipe Vice And Stand
OUR RANGE
For rapid pipe cutting, the HSS range of cutting tools will allow you to quickly cut piping to size with minimum effort. Whether it is a soil pipe you wish to cut or a range of metal piping, HSS will have the right cutting tool for the job.
We also stock pipe cutting equipment, so if you require a pipe vice with stand you can hire them from us.
Our range of pipe cutters are perfect for cutting through a whole range of pipe material; from cast iron piping to clay and chain pipes, our pipe cutters can deal with it.
If you are unsure or require more information regarding our pipe cutting range then speak to one of our online technicians now, or give us a quick call. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Pipe Threading
Our most popular Pipe Threading products
Pipe Threaders
Electric Die Stocks
OUR RANGE
Ideal for a variety of pipe threading applications, the pipe threading equipment available to hire from HSS allows for plumbing, maintenance and repair work to be carried out with ease. Designed to enable quick and accurate bends for copper or steel piping, these threading tools can be customised to a number of different settings, depending on your pipe threading requirements.
As you can see we've a selection of threading machines, ratchets and electric die stocks. If you require some clarity on the best machine for your project then speak to one of our online technicians now, or give us a call. Always happy to help!
VIEW ALL
Pipe Pressing
Our most popular Pipe Pressing products
Romax Pressfit Machines
Romax Compact Presslift Machines
OUR RANGE
Our range of pipe pressing equipment can be used on most pressing systems to provide a clean and quick alternative to traditional pipe installation methods.
VIEW ALL
Pipe Freezing, Flushing and Testing
Our most popular Pipe Freezing products
Central Heating Flushers
Pipe Freezing Kits
OUR RANGE
Whether you are looking to install new pipework, maintain an existing pipe installation or you are looking to clean out your heating system, this range of plumbing equipment will help you to get the job done.
The central heating flusher, pressure tester and freezing kit are of great quality and will efficiently and effectively aid your piping project.
If you are not sure as to what product is best for your project, then speak to one of our online technicians now or give us a call.
VIEW ALL
Pipe Bending and Forming
Our most popular Pipe Bending and Forming products
Conduit Benders
OUR RANGE
When installing steel, copper or conduit, this range of tools allows for quick installation without an over reliance on cutting or the use of fittings.
Our conduit pipe bender is perfect for reshaping copper piping, or heavy duty pipes.
It's portable and easily transportable offering the perfect solution to pipe bending requirements.
Unsure if this is the machine for you? Then chat to one of our online technicians now or give us a call, we're always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Pipe Storage and Benches
Our most popular Pipe Storage and Benches products
Fitter's Work Bench
Pipe Rack
OUR RANGE
Store and work with your pipework with ease using our selection of pipe storage and benches.
Our pipe storage and pipe fitters bench are perfect to aid you on your piping project. Hire them today, we can deliver them to your site, home or any workspace, or why not pop in to one of our shops to pick up.
If you require more information then chat to one of our online technicians now, or give us a call. We're always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Power
Power
Generators
Our most popular Generators products
2.6kVA Portable
10kVA Silenced Diesel Generator
OUR RANGE
Petrol and diesel generators from 750W to 100kVA and above
HSS has a wide variety of generators to suit any circumstance. A choice of petrol or diesel generators are available from 750W up to 100kVA and above, with runtimes from 3 to 24 hours. A selection of the generators are also silenced and road-towable.
Generator Advice
If you're unsure which generator is best for you, our branch staff are happy to assist you. Call your local branch on 0345 608 8811 with the combined wattage of all the items the generator will be supplying power to. (Wattage of an item can normally be found on the rear of the item(s) or on a label close to the socket. This information can also be found on the manufacturer's website.)
If we don't have the generator you require in stock, the HSS OneCall service 03457 66 77 77 can source you an alternative quickly and efficiently.
VIEW ALL
Transformers
Our most popular Transformers products
Safety Extension Reel
3 Phase (415 V) Rubber Distribution Assemblies
OUR RANGE
A range of transformers designed for intermittent use with a choice of ratings to suit your equipment.
Transformer Type & Accessories
We've a variety of transformers available for hire offering varied outputs along with a range of transformer accessories. If you are unsure about what will work best for you why not chat to one of our experienced team online, we're always available to help.
VIEW ALL
Junction Boxes and Splitters
Our most popular Junction Boxes and Splitters products
Safety Extension Reel
3 Phase (415V) Extension Cables
OUR RANGE
Our high quality range of junction boxes and splitters are available to hire today, so you can perform your task efficiently.
Along with splitters and the junction boxes themselves we've a range of suitable accessories available for hire too.
VIEW ALL
Electrical Accessories
Our most popular Electrical Accessories products
Safety Extension Reel
3 Phase (415 V) Rubber Distribution Assemblies
OUR RANGE
For added safety and ease of use, why not consider hiring electrical accessories from HSS.
Whether it is an RCD power breaker for your power tools, a portable appliance tester or a surge protector for your electrical equipment, you can help to avoid any potentially hazardous situations with these handy accessories.
VIEW ALL
3 Phase Accessories
Our most popular 3 Phase Accessories products
3 Phase (415 V) Rubber Distribution Assemblies
3 Phase (415V) Extension Cables
OUR RANGE
Trust HSS for a range of heavy duty 3 phase accessories, suitable for any work or site application. Whether you require a 3 phase transformer, splitter or even 3 phase extension cables, then HSS will have the right equipment for the task in hand.
VIEW ALL
Powered Access
Powered Access
Electric Scissor Lifts
Our most popular Electric Scissor Lifts products
Electric Scissor Lifts
OUR RANGE
Our range of Electric and Diesel Scissor lifts range from a working height of 7.8m right upto 34m plus and are suited to a variety of indoor and outdoor terrain applications. Hiring a Electric Scissor Lift The variety of scissor lifts available to hire from us ensure that no matter what the job at hand is, you'll find a suitable scissor lift to do the job here. We can arrange for delivery or collection, it's up to you. If you are unsure as to whether you'll need a standard or narrow lift, or have a complex task to undertake then why not speak to one of our online experts now? We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Electric and Bi Energy Boom Lifts
Our most popular Electric and Bi Energy Boom Lifts products
12m Bi-Energy/Electric Boom Lifts
OUR RANGE
This range of cherry pickers and boom lifts are ideal for indoor use in congested areas, with narrow aisle options available. Our range of boom lifts also offer the flexibility for outdoor use too.
Hire a Boom Lift
Our range of boom lifts and cherry pickers come in a variety of sizes with various power options. Whatever type of job you can be assured you'll find the boom lift or cherry picker you need from us. If you are unsure then why not speak to one of our trained specialists online now?
VIEW ALL
Low Level Access
Our most popular Low Level Access products
Pop Up Access Platform
Self-propelled Low Level Platforms
OUR RANGE
We've a variety of low level access platforms each with various propulsion options for hire. If you require low level access for a long period of time then we've self-propelled low level platforms, along with pop up access platforms and several other low level access platforms.
Low Level Access Hire
No matter what the requirement you have for low level access, we've a platform that will fulfil your requirements. Order now or contact one of our online experts for more information.
We also offer safety trainig courses through HSS Training, where we offer a range of PASMA courses, just follow the link for more information.
VIEW ALL
Vertical Masts
Our most popular Vertical Masts products
Star 6AC Vertical Masts
Mast Boom Lifts (Star 10)
OUR RANGE
Our range of slim, easy to manoeuvre products are perfect for light maintenance and cleaning.
Vertical Mast Hire
Getting your hands on a vertical mast couldn't be simpler when you use HSS Hire, we can deliver or arrange for a collection.
If you are unsure about hiring a vertical mast, because you might be unsure if it's suitable for the job you require it for, then please do not hesitate to get in touch, we've online experts who are more than willing to help.
VIEW ALL
Pumping and Drying
Pumping and Drying
Dryers and Dehumidifiers
Our most popular Dryers and Dehumidifiers products
Pump Dehumidifier (52 Ltr)
52 Ltr Dehumidifier/Building Dryer
OUR RANGE
If your workspace is suffering from damp, or you need to remove moisture from the air, the HSS range of dryers and dehumidifiers is ideal for the task. A perfect solution to removing most forms of moisture in a room, HSS has an extensive range of portable dryers, warm air dryers and pump dehumidifiers to suit both the home or work environment.
You can read tips and advice that might help if you’ve suffered any flood damage in our useful guide to Flood Recovery, Drying and Restoration on the HSS blog.
Hiring Dryers & Dehumidifiers
You are more than welcome to pick up any of our products from your local HSS Hire shop. Alternatively, you can also arrange a delivery online today!
If you would like advice on the range of dehumidifiers and dryers we provide, you can speak to one of our online experts now, or give us a call.
We are always more than happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Pumping and Pumps
Our most popular Pumping and Pumps products
Puddle Pump
Sub-Pump and Float
OUR RANGE
Pump water from flooded areas quickly and efficiently with our range or pumps and pumping equipment for hire.
Whether you need direct fluid transfer, submersible pumps or puddle clearance, HSS has a selection of specialist pumping equipment to help for clearing out swimming pools, trenches or need clearing out muddy water. For automatic pumping, our sub-pump is perfect with a built in float operated switch. If you need something larger, we offer heavy duty pumps up to 8" in size.
VIEW ALL
Flood Recovery
Our most popular Flood Recovery products
Pump Dehumidifier (52 Ltr)
OUR RANGE
Recover from flooding with our range of flood recovery kits; we’ve all you need to get your property back on track.
Floods can cause devastation, with our selection of flood recovery kits you are in a strong position to get your home, building or commercial premises back in to a dried out state.
VIEW ALL
Safety, Ventilation and Extraction
Safety, Ventilation and Extraction
Confined Space
Our most popular Confined Space products
Fall Arrest Hire Packs
OUR RANGE
Working in a confined space requires safety equipment in the same way as if you were working at height. HSS can offer complete confined space equipment hire kits that offer everything you need to keep safe.
You'll find escape sets, breathing apparatus and fall arrest packs all available for hire from HSS today! The confined space kits available are available for a range of domestic or industrial usage.
Hiring Confined Space Kits
Order now online and arrange a delivery or alternatively give us a call to discuss your requirements.
You are also most welcome to pop into one of our shops to pick up your confined space kit too.
If you are unsure of suitability factors then chat to one of our online experts now. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Fall Arresters and Height Safety
Our most popular Fall Arresters and Height Safety products
Fall Arresters & Retrieval Blocks
Roof Man Anchor Hire Packs
OUR RANGE
When working at height, be sure to use HSS' extensive range of height safety equipment, which will help to protect you whilst you work. Whether you require fall arresters, sliding beam anchors, roof anchors or even a life jacket, HSS will help keep you stay safe whilst you work.
Safety harnesses along with fall arresters and anchor packs should be of the utmost quality to ensure your ultimate safety.
Hiring Safety Harness Equipment
You can place an order online now for any of our safety equipment, then either arrange for delivery or pop into your local HSS shop.
If you are unsure of what it is you need, then speak to one of our online experts now.
We are always more than happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Fire Safety
Our most popular Fire Safety products
Standard Fire Extinguishers
RF Fire Point Trolley & Extinguisher Systems
OUR RANGE
Within any working environment, a compliant level of fire safety equipment is essential.
HSS stock a range of thoroughly tested, highly visible fire extinguishers and fire safety trolleys to deal with all types of fire when required.
Hire Fire Safety Equipment
Hiring fire safety equipemnt from HSS couldn't be simpler, you can order online now and arrange for a pick-up or delivery.
If you are unsure about suitability factors with our range of fire safety equipment
then chat to one of online experts today, or give us a call. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Gas Detection
Our most popular Gas Detection products
Personal Gas Detector ALTAIR 4X
OUR RANGE
Offering a range of personal gas detectors with triple alert alarm systems as well as area gas detectors with LEDs to light up exit routes, HSS has everything you need to detect and alert you to dangerous levels of up to four different gases.
Flue gas analysers should be regularly checked to ensure they are performing their job. Our personal gas detector is available for hire today.
You can book it out online now or pop into one of our local HSS shops.
VIEW ALL
Rescue
Our most popular Rescue products
Mobile Radios
EEx Rated Mobile Radios
OUR RANGE
Our hire range of rescue equipment can assist during an emergency from access items to breathing apparatus.
VIEW ALL
Ventilation and Extraction
Our most popular Ventilation and Extraction products
Additional Ducting
EEx
Air Movers
OUR RANGE
Work safer and smarter by eliminating dangerous dust and fumes from your work environment. Ducting is available in different lengths and our ventilators range from lightweight to heavy duty.
Our dust and fume extraction equipment is invaluable when it comes to making your workspace free from
dangerous dust elements.
Hire Dust Extractors
If you require the services of one of our extractors or air movers, then you can order online now or give us a call.
You are more than welcome to pop into one of our local HSS shops to pick up your extraction equipment, or we are more than happy to work with you on delivering the extraction equipment you need.
Still unsure about what extraction is suitable for your requirements? Then luckily you can speak to one of our online experts today or give us a call. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Sanding and Fixing
Sanding and Fixing
Floor Sanding Equipment
Our most popular Floor Sanding Equipment products
Floor Sanders
Floor Edging Sander
OUR RANGE
Renovate and restore wooden floors with our range of floor and edging sanders.
Our range of floor sanders make it easy to renovate wood floors, whether made from old board, traditional parquet or block wooden floors. The upright floor sander makes short work of large spaces with an 8 inch wide sanding drum, while our floor edging sander is perfect for getting right up to the skirting board for full coverage of a floor. We also offer hire packs to save you money, and include everything you need to prepare a wooden surface for finishing. For tips and advice on how to get a perfect finish, have a read of our Guide to Floor Sanding for some great hints and tips over on the HSS blog.
VIEW ALL
Fixing
Our most popular Fixing products
Cordless Drywall Screwdrivers
Floor Nailer
OUR RANGE
Looking to secure a new a skirting board, or fix that new piece of furniture together? If so, then our line of fixing tools will be suited to the task. With our tools that are ideal for fixing to materials like concrete, wood and metal, the HSS tool range is ideal for building, engineering and woodworking trades. These fixing tools will also ensure your work is quicker and more precise, without jeopardising quality. These fixing tools also have your safety at mind, with various 'contact-only' firing mechanisms, which ensure a safer work environment, and more reliable use for all.
VIEW ALL
Orbital and Belt Sanders
Our most popular Orbital and Belt Sanders products
Random Orbital Sander
Belt Sander
OUR RANGE
We have a choice of orbital sanders suitable for a range of woodwork and metalwork jobs, from car body work to boat repairs. For smoothing rough, flat timber surfaces our powerful belt sander is the professional choice.
VIEW ALL
Wall Sanders
Our most popular Wall Sanders products
Drywall Sanding Kit
OUR RANGE
We have a range of tools for wall sanding and preparation, whether you are sanding joints in plasterboard or removing old finishes. Use our portable dust extraction system and dust partition to help minimise the health risks associated with working in dusty environments.
VIEW ALL
Sawing and Cutting
Sawing and Cutting
Masonry Cutting
Our most popular Masonry Cutting products
Portable Cut-Off Saws
Masonry Saw Benches
OUR RANGE
Cut concrete, stone, brickwork, slabs, tiles and even metal precisely with our range of masonry tools for hire.
To make light work of cutting through concrete, stone and blocks, the HSS masonry cutting equipment range is ideal for the job.
If you are cutting bricks, blocks, concrete, stone, roof tiles or metalwork on-site then our range of portable cut-off saws are ideal; lightweight, safe and ergonomic. If you're working with metal or masonry, or raking out mortar joints, our professional angle grinders are perfectly suited to the job. And if you're splitting or cutting blocks with precision, then our saw benches and block splitters will cut clearly.
Hire Masonry Cutting Equipment
It couldn't be easier to hire masonry cutting equipment from HSS, you can hire through the website now or give us a call.
We can also deliver the equipment to any address you provide or if you prefer pop into one of our HSS shops to pick your masonry cutting equipment up.
If you are a bit unsure as to what piece of kit you require then why not speak to one of our online experts now, or give us a call. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Metal Cutting
Our most popular Metal Cutting products
Cordless Reciprocating Saws
Cordless Jig Saw
OUR RANGE
For metal cutting work, look no further than HSS for all of your tool requirements. Whether you are cutting pipes, steel, iron or a variety of different metals, HSS will be sure to stock the correct cutting tool for your requirements.
Hire Metal Cutting Equipment
It's easy hiring from HSS, you can use the website to book out your metal cutting equipment and arrange a delivery or collect from your local HSS shop.
For more insight to what may be the best piece of kit for the job at hand you can speak to one of our online experts now or give us a call, we are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Metal Grinding
Our most popular Metal Grinding products
125mm Angle Grinder
Angle Grinders
OUR RANGE
Grinding metal? Our versatile range of equipment can help.
We've metal surface grinders, battery operated and handheld at various sizes, suitable for the majority of metal grinding tasks.
Hire Metal Grinding Equipment
It couldn't be easier hiring metal grinding equipment from HSS, you can hire now via the website or by giving us a call. We can arrange for delivery or you can pop into your local HSS shop.
If you are not too sure about which piece of kit is ideal for the task at hand, then speak to one of our online specialists now, or give us a call. We are always more than happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Tile Cutting
Our most popular Tile Cutting products
Tile Saw Bench
OUR RANGE
Whether you are looking to retile a bathroom or carry out large scale floor tiling work, chances are you would benefit from using a tile cutting machine from HSS. With a range of tile bench saws, manual tile cutters and tile grout removers, we will be sure to offer you the tools to complete a professional job.
Hire Tile Cutting Equipment
You can hire tile cutting equipment from HSS now via this website, or you can give us a call and book the equipment you require out now.
We can also deliver your tile cutting equipment to your place of work, home or business or if you prefer you are most welcome to pop into your local HSS shop to collect the equipment.
If you need any information regarding the tile cutting equipment we supply, then talk to one of online experts now, or give us a call. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Timber Cutting
Our most popular Timber Cutting products
Chainsaws & Safety Kits
Cordless Reciprocating Saws
OUR RANGE
Discover our complete range of saws and jigs for hire, suitable for all types of timber cutting and woodwork.
For use in both the home DIY environment or for large scale industrial applications, be sure to trust the timber cutting range from HSS. A full range of saws, jigs, band saws, mitre saws and circle saws are available to enable all varieties of precision woodwork to be carried out.
Hire Timber Cutting Equipment
Hire now using the website or give us a call, you can hire your timber cutting equipment through the website and book it out for delivery or arrange to come and pick up from your local HSS shop.
If you need more information about the range of timber cutting equipment we provide why not chat to one of online experts now, or give us a call.
VIEW ALL
Woodworking and Joinery
Our most popular Woodworking and Joinery products
Cordless Jig Saw
Flipover Mitre Saw
OUR RANGE
From the DIY'er to the specialist craftsman, our broad range of woodworking tools will help you achieve the finish you require.
We've a great range of woodworking and joinery equipment available to hire; cordless circular saws and jig saws, along with crosscut and double bevel mitre saws.
Hiring Woodwork & Joinery Equipment
Hiring from HSS couldn't be easier, use our website now to book out or arrange for a delivery for any of the saws available from this page. Alternatively, you can always give us a call or pop in to your local HSS shop.
If you are not too sure about which piece of kit is most suitable for your project then why not speak to one of our online experts now? We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Cordless Saws
Our most popular Cordless Saws products
Cordless Circular Saw
Cordless Jig Saw
OUR RANGE
Our range of cordless saws with advanced battery technology allows you to work for longer in places away from a power source, at a variety of applications.
We've a variety of cordless saws, suitable for a variety of jobs.
There are reciprocating saws, cordless jigsaws and circular saws all available for hire.
Hiring Cordless Saws
It's easy hiring with us, you can hire your cordless saw online today or give us a call and speak to your local HSS shop.
We can also deliver cordless saw equipment to your site, home or place of work. Or, if you prefer you can pop into one of our HSS shops to pick up your cordless saw.
Unsure of what cordless saw would be best for the job you've at hand?
Then chat to one of our online experts now, or give us a call.
VIEW ALL
Surveying and Location
Surveying and Location
Lasers and Levels
Our most popular Lasers and Levels products
Hilti PR 2-HS Exterior Rotating Lasers
Hilti POL 15 Optical Levels
OUR RANGE
For maximum accuracy and precision on site, our range of Hilti Lasers and levels are the perfect solution to working requirements across a multitude of trades, including Surveying, General Building work, and Mechanical and Electrical works.
This state-of the-art technology has been designed to be extremely durable on the job, meaning accuracy is never compromised by tough site conditions.
Hire Laser & Leveling Equipment
Hire today using this website or give your local HSS shop a call. You can hire laser and level equipment online and book a date for delivery or arrange to pop in to your local HSS shop to pick up your kit.
If you require more details regarding the equipment we have for hire then why not speak to one of our online experts now, or give us a call. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Locators
Our most popular Locators products
Precision Locators and Transmitters
Cable and Pipe Locators CAT 3
OUR RANGE
Avoid causing any disruption on site, with the HSS range of locators and detection equipment. Detect pipes and cabling, or use one of our inspection cameras for quick and easy inspection work.
Hire Locator Devices
Hiring any of our locator equipment couldn't be easier, you can book online now or give us a call and arrange a delivery or pop in to your local HSS shop.
If you require any further information then speak to one of our online experts now or give us a call, we are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Inspection & Measuring
Our most popular Inspection & Measuring products
Duct Rod
OUR RANGE
Get a read on hard to reach areas with our professional inspection and measuring equipment.
Trying to locate a drain? Then consider the Flexitrace system which is sturdy and easy to use. For inspecting pipework, be sure to use our digital pipeline camera which comes with a TFT-LCD monitor, to aid the inspection process.
Hiring Inspection & Measuring Equipment
It couldn't be easier to hire through HSS, you can hire out the inspection and measuring kit you need now.
Arrange a date online for delivery or book it out and come to your local HSS shop to pick up.
For more information regarding the inspection and measuring equipment you need you can chat to one of our online experts now, or simpley give us a call. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Welding
Welding
MMA and TIG Inverters
Our most popular MMA and TIG Inverters products
Hot Air Plastic Welding Guns
OUR RANGE
Our range of MMA Tig welders represent a low cost, simple welding solution.
Take your pick from our plastic welding guns or inverter welders to cater for all your welding work.
You can hire any of our MMA and TIG inverters by booking them out on our wesbite now, simply choose your preferred delivery date or pop in to your local HSS shop.
VIEW ALL
Welder Generators
Our most popular Welder Generators products
300amp Super Silenced Welder Generator
370amp Pipemaster Welder Generator
OUR RANGE
To power your onsite welding work, the HSS welder generators provide a reliable and safe power source.
Whether you require a small 150amp or a powerful, road towable 800amp Dual Operator welder generator, we can accommodate an array of welding requirements.
Hire a Welder Generator
It couldn't be simpler to hire any of our Welding Generators. You can either book one out now using the website or call your local HSS shop. We are able to deliver to your place of work or if you so desire you are more than welcome to collect your generator from one of our shops.
For further information regarding the Welding Generators we hire, then feel free to speak to one of our online experts now, or give your local HSS shop a call. We are always more than happy to help.
VIEW ALL
Welder Generator Accessories
Our most popular Welder Generator Accessories products
Welding Generator Accessories
Fume Extractor Carts
OUR RANGE
To ensure your welding work always runs smoothly, be sure to check our welder generator accessories for additional quality equipment to keep you working.
You can hire out of any of our Welding Accessories online by booking what you need now, or simply call your local HSS shop. We are always happy to help.
VIEW ALL
UK
IE
Specialist equipment
All Brands
All Seasons Hire
Our Products
Categories
Air Conditioners
Air Handlers
Boilers
Chillers
Heaters
Dehumidifiers and Dryers
Fuel Tanks
All Seasons Hire Home
Tools & Calculators
Our Services
About
Advice & News
Contact
Abird/Apex
Our Products
Categories
Lighting Tower
Generators
Abird / Apex Home
Fuel
Harvest Energy
Power Events
Contact
One Call
Our Products
Categories
OneCall Surveying & Location
OneCall Lift & Shift
OneCall Concreting & Compaction
OneCall Building & Siteworks
OneCall Pumping & Drying
OneCall Safety & Ventilation
OneCall Powered Access
OneCall Welding
OneCall Lighting
OneCall Groundcare & Landscaping
OneCall Cleaning
OneCall Home
About
HssTraining
View Site
HssSkips
View Site
HssSales
View Site
Find a branch
Tips and advice
Find a branch
Account
Contact US
Search
Login
Activate
Open Account
Show Prices
£EXC.VAT
£INC.VAT
Contact your local branch
0345 608 8811
More ways to get in touch
Search
CALL US
Exclusive Online Discounts
Live Availability Check
Next Day Collection
Exclusive Online Discounts
Available on selected popular products
Live Availability Check
Plus free click & collect in all branches
Next Day Collection
Order before 4:45pm Mon-Fri
Contact your local branch
0345 608 8811
More ways to get in touch
Home
Terms and Conditions
View our HSS OneCall Terms & Conditions here   View our HSS OneCall Supplier Terms & Conditions here   STANDARD TERMS & CONDITIONS SUPPLY OF HIRE EQUIPMENT
Version: 20 February 2020
PLEASE NOTE THAT THESE TERMS ARE USED WITH TRADERS AND WITH CONSUMERS AND IN CERTAIN AREAS DIFFERENT PROVISIONS APPLY TO EACH AS FOLLOWS:
• Part A: General Terms applying to Traders and Consumers;
• Part B: Terms applying only to Consumers; and
• Part C: Terms applying only to Traders.
A "Trader" means a person acting for purposes relating to that person's trade, business, craft or profession, whether acting personally or through another person acting in the trader's name or on the trader's behalf.
A "Consumer" means an individual acting for purposes which are wholly or mainly outside that individual's trade, business, craft or profession.
Before placing an order, the Hirer should read these Terms carefully as they contain important information about HSS and the Contract.
WHERE THE HIRER IS A CONSUMER, THE HIRER'S ATTENTION IS DRAWN IN PARTICULAR TO THE SECTIONS CONCERNING HSS' LIABILITY TO THE HIRER AND CANCELLATION SET OUT IN PART B.
PART A: GENERAL TERMS APPLYING TO TRADERS AND CONSUMERS
1. DEFINITIONS
1.1 In these Terms:
the following words and expressions shall, unless the context or circumstances require otherwise, have the meanings assigned to them below:
“Additional Charges” means charges applicable to the provision of the Equipment which are charged in addition to the Charges including those additional costs and expenses referred to in these Terms;
“Charges” means the charges set out in the Contract or if no charges are detailed in the Contract, HSS standard charges for the relevant Equipment in force on the date HSS issues a written acceptance of the Order to the Hirer;
“Commencement Date” means the date on which the relevant Contract is formed in accordance with clause 3.2;
“Contract” means the contract between HSS and the Hirer formed in accordance with clause 3.2;
“Damage Waiver” means the optional waiver of liability for payment by the Hirer for damage to Equipment as set out in clause 7;
“Damage Waiver Plus” means the optional waiver of liability for payment by the Hirer for loss or damage to Equipment as set out in clause 7;
“Equipment” means the items of equipment to be hired by the Hirer as listed in the Order, all substitutions, replacements or renewals of such
equipment and all related accessories, manuals and instructions provided for the equipment;
“Hire Period” means the period of hire of the Equipment as set out in the Contract, unless the Contract is terminated earlier in accordance with these Terms or extended by agreement between HSS and the Hirer;
“Hirer” means the Consumer or Trader set out as such in the Contract; “HSS” means the relevant HSS company set out in the Contract;
“Order” means the individual orders for the hire of Equipment placed by the Hirer from time to time in a branch, over the telephone, via our website or the HSS app in accordance with these Terms;
“Replacement Cost” means the cost of replacing with new any item of Equipment or part of it including but not limited to the cost of the item or part of it, any unpaid Charges that would otherwise have been paid by the Hirer were it not for such replacement, and a reasonable administrative charge to be determined by HSS covering the cost to HSS of administering the replacement;
“Site” means any premises or location at which the Equipment is to be delivered to or collected from or is otherwise located;
“Terms” means these terms and conditions.
1.2 references to the singular include the plural and vice versa and references to any gender include every gender;
1.3 references to a “person” include any individual, body corporate, association, partnership, firm, trust, organisation, joint venture, government, local or municipal authority, governmental or supra-governmental agency or department, state or agency of state or any other entity (in each case whether or not having separate legal personality);
1.4 in the event that there is a conflict between Part A, Part B and Part C, Part A shall prevail and then Part B in the case of a Consumer and Part C in the case of a Trader; and
1.5 any words following the words “include”, “includes”, “including”, “in particular” or any similar words or expressions shall be construed without limitation and accordingly shall not limit the meaning of the words preceding them.
2. INFORMATION ABOUT HSS AND CONTACTING HSS
2.1 Who is HSS. The name, company registration number, registered office address and VAT number of the relevant HSS company from which the Equipment will be hired is set out in the Contract.
2.2 How to contact HSS. If the Hirer has any questions or if the Hirer has any complaints, the Hirer should contact HSS. HSS can be contacted by calling 03457 282828, e-mailing your local branch, or by post at HSS Hire, Oakland House, 76 Talbot Road, Old Trafford, Manchester, M16 0PQ.
2.3 How HSS may contact the Hirer. If HSS has to contact the Hirer, HSS will do so by telephone or by writing to the Hirer at the email address or postal address the Hirer provides to HSS in the Order.
3. FORMATION OF CONTRACT AND ORDERS
3.1 The Hirer’s Order is an offer to hire from HSS. Each Order placed by the Hirer will be an offer by the Hirer to hire the Equipment on these Terms. The Hirer will ensure that each Order is accurate and complete and that the Equipment is suitable for the Hirer’s requirements.
3.2 How we, HSS, accept the Order. A Contract will be formed between HSS and the Hirer for the provision of the Equipment set out in the Order, when HSS issues a written acceptance (including by email) of the Order to the Hirer.
3.3 HSS may not accept your Order. If HSS is unable to accept an Order for any reason, HSS will inform the Hirer of this and will not charge for the Equipment.
3.4 When will the Contract commence. The Contract shall commence on the Commencement Date and shall continue for the Hire Period unless terminated earlier in accordance with these Terms.
3.5 HSS hires Equipment in the UK and Ireland only. HSS’ website is solely for the promotion of HSS’ equipment in the UK and Ireland.
4. THE EQUIPMENT
4.1 HSS retains ownership of the Equipment. The Hirer acknowledges that the Equipment remains at all times the property of HSS (or its supplier as applicable). The Hirer has no right, title or interest in the Equipment except that it is hired to the Hirer in accordance with the terms of the Contract.
4.2 The Hirer will have quiet possession of the Equipment. HSS shall not, other than in the exercise of its rights under the Contract or applicable law, interfere with the Hirer’s quiet possession of the Equipment during any Hire Period.
4.3 Hirer to notify HSS of issues with, or caused by the Equipment. The Hirer shall immediately notify HSS of any loss, accident, damage or defect in the Equipment or if the Hirer considers that the Equipment may cause damage to the Hirer’s property.
4.4 HSS may access a Site to inspect and repair the Equipment. The Hirer shall grant (or shall procure that HSS or its authorised representative is granted) access to the Site at all such reasonable times on HSS giving the Hirer reasonable notice to inspect the Equipment and ensure the Hirer’s compliance with its obligations under the Contract; and/or carry out any inspections or repairs of the Equipment.
4.5 The Hirer will replace any fuel in the Equipment. Where the Equipment is supplied with fuel, the Hirer shall return the Equipment with the same or a greater amount of fuel. HSS shall be entitled to charge the Hirer for any refuelling costs if the Hirer fails to comply with this clause 4.5, at such rates as may be notified to the Hirer from time to time.
4.6 Use and storage of the Equipment by Hirer. The Hirer:
4.6.1 shall keep the Equipment in good repair and condition, (fair wear and tear only excepted) but the Hirer shall not repair or allow any third party to repair the Equipment and shall notify HSS immediately if any repair is necessary;
4.6.2 shall where the Equipment requires fuel, oil and/or electricity, ensure that the proper type of fuel, oil and/or voltage is used;
4.6.3 shall not sell, licence or create any security interest or type of preferential arrangement on or over the Equipment;
4.6.4 shall use the Equipment in compliance with all laws and applicable regulations including any health and safety legislation which relates to the use of the Equipment and in accordance with any operating and/or safety instructions provided to or supplied to the Hirer by HSS;
4.6.5 shall not make any alteration to the Equipment (including defacing or covering up HSS’ name plate or mark);
4.6.6 shall not without the prior written consent of HSS, attach the Equipment to any land or building so as to cause the Equipment to become a permanent or immovable fixture on such land or building;
4.6.7 shall not, without the prior written consent of HSS, part with control of the Equipment;
4.6.8 shall not do or permit to be done anything which could invalidate HSS’ insurances;
4.6.9 is responsible for the security of the Equipment whilst in the Hirer’s possession; and
4.6.10 will take all appropriate measures to secure the Equipment at the Site, including when not in use.
4.7 Damage to or loss of Equipment. Subject to clause 7, the Hirer shall pay HSS:
4.7.1 all costs and expenses in respect of: (i) rectifying any damage to the Equipment (fair wear and tear excepted) which occurred during the period in which the Equipment was at the Hirer’s risk; and (ii) cleaning the Equipment following collection of the Equipment, in each case to return the Equipment to a condition fit for rehire. Such costs and expenses shall be confirmed to the Hirer by HSS, subject to supporting documentation. In addition, the Hirer will continue to pay the Charges until any repairs and or cleaning have been completed; and
4.7.2 the Replacement Cost in respect of lost or stolen Equipment and/or Equipment which is beyond economic repair and the Hirer will continue to pay the Charges, until the Replacement Cost has been received by HSS.
4.8 Consequences of expiry or cancellation of the Contract. On expiry or cancellation of the Contract for whatever reason all Equipment at such time in the possession of the Hirer shall immediately become due for return to HSS and unless agreed otherwise in writing, the Hirer will return the Equipment to HSS.
4.9 HSS requires access to recover or substitute the Equipment. The Hirer will grant, and will ensure that the owner of any third party premises will grant to HSS, its agents, employees and sub-contractors the right at any time to enter any premises where the Equipment is or may be stored in order to recover or substitute the Equipment. The rights granted in this clause 4.9 are without prejudice to any rights and remedies of HSS.
4.10 Substitution of the Equipment. HSS may substitute the Equipment from time to time with an alternative piece of equipment of an equivalent standard. HSS will give you reasonable notice if it intends to do this.
5. DELIVERY AND COLLECTION
5.1 When HSS will provide the Equipment. During the order process HSS will let the Hirer know when HSS will provide the Equipment.
5.2 HSS is not responsible for delays outside of HSS’ control. If HSS’ supply of the Equipment is delayed by an event outside HSS’ control (including but not limited to any disruption or delay to HSS’ business or supply chains arising as a result of the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union or any form of health epidemic) then HSS will contact the Hirer as soon as possible to let the Hirer know and HSS will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. HSS will not be liable for delays caused by any event outside HSS’ control, but if there is a risk of substantial delay the Hirer may contact HSS to end the Contract and receive a refund for any Equipment paid for but not received.
5.3 If the Hirer does not allow HSS access to provide the Equipment. If the Hirer does not allow or procure HSS access to its property to provide the Equipment as arranged HSS may charge the Hirer additional costs incurred by HSS as a result. If, despite HSS’ reasonable efforts, HSS is unable to contact the Hirer or re-arrange access to the Hirer’s property HSS may end the contract. It is the Hirer’s responsibility to ensure that the Site has been inspected by the Hirer and that the Site is adequately prepared to allow HSS to access it to effect Delivery in a safe manner without causing damage. The Hirer acknowledges that HSS may effect deliveries or collections in large, heavy commercial vehicles and will hold HSS harmless in the event of any damage caused by lack of Site preparation by the Hirer, to include poor access routes and/or ground conditions. If the Hirer has any concerns around access and safe delivery, this should be raised with HSS staff prior to completing an Order and noted on the Order, failing which HSS shall have no liability for damage to Site or delayed or failed delivery and the Hirer shall be liable for any related charges, including redelivery charges.
5.4 When the Hirer becomes responsible for the Equipment. Delivery will occur when the Equipment is made available to the Hirer at the delivery address (whether at HSS’ premises or a Site). Unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, risk of loss, theft, damage or destruction of the Equipment shall pass to the Hirer on delivery in accordance with this clause and will return to HSS once loading of the Equipment onto the collection vehicle is complete. For the avoidance of doubt, where the Hirer contacts HSS or otherwise uses the HSS app to off-hire the Equipment, risk will always remain with the Hirer until loading onto the collection vehicle is complete.
5.5 What will happen if the Hirer does not give required information to HSS. HSS may need certain information from the Hirer so that HSS can supply the Equipment, for example, delivery details. HSS will contact the Hirer to ask for this information. If the Hirer does not give HSS this information within a reasonable time of HSS asking for it, or if the Hirer gives HSS incomplete or incorrect information, HSS may either end the Contract or make an additional charge of a reasonable sum to compensate HSS for any extra work that is required as a result. HSS will not be responsible for supplying the Equipment late or not supplying any part of it if this is caused by the Hirer not giving HSS the information HSS needs within a reasonable time of HSS asking for it.
5.6 If the Hirer does not allow HSS access to collect the Equipment. The Hirer shall grant or procure the grant of access to the Site to HSS to allow the collection of the Equipment and make the Equipment available for collection by HSS on the date and time agreed between the parties. If HSS is unable to collect the Equipment as arranged HSS may charge the Hirer any additional costs incurred by HSS as a result.
5.7 Branch collections and returns. When a Hirer wishes to collect or return Equipment from or to an HSS branch or place of business, it shall be the Hirer’s responsibility to prepare its vehicle so that the collection/return can be carried out without damage being caused to such vehicle or injuries being sustained by the Hirer or by HSS staff and the Hirer shall hold HSS harmless in the event of contravention of this. Should the Hirer have any doubt as to whether this can be complied with, it should ask HSS to arrange a collection/delivery, subject to Charges (as applicable).
6. CHARGES AND PAYMENT
6.1 Where to find the Charges. The Charges (which includes VAT) will be the price indicated on the order pages (or otherwise notified to the Hirer) when the Hirer places the Order.
6.2 Variation of the Charges. HSS will be entitled to vary the Charges and any Additional Charges at any time by giving written notice to the Hirer to reflect any variation in the cost of supplying the Equipment which arises as a consequence of:
6.2.1 any variation in the Hirer’s requirements for the Equipment;
6.2.2 any information provided by the Hirer being inaccurate or incomplete; or
6.2.3 any failure or delay by the Hirer in providing information.
6.3 A deposit or other payment information may be required. At the time the Equipment is ordered, HSS may require the Hirer to pay a deposit and/or require the Hirer to provide details of a valid credit or debit card and allow HSS to take a deposit (“Deposit”).
6.4 Status of the Deposit. The Deposit shall be a deposit against default by the Hirer of payment of any Charges or any Additional Charges or any loss of or damage caused to the Equipment.
6.5 HSS may off-set the Deposit against amounts owed by the Hirer to HSS. If the Hirer fails without due cause to make any payment of the Charges or any Additional Charges or any Replacement Cost or causes any loss or damage to the Equipment (in whole or in part), HSS shall be entitled to apply the Deposit in part or in whole against any such costs and by providing the Deposit the Hirer specifically consents to this.
6.6 Return of Deposit. Unless HSS is entitled to make a deduction from the Deposit in accordance with clause 6.5, the full amount of the Deposit will be returned to the Hirer at the end of the Hire Period.
6.7 When the Hirer must pay and how. The Hirer must pay the Charges at the time agreed in the Contract. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing or in the Contract, any invoices submitted by HSS shall be paid by the Hirer within a period of thirty (30) days from the end of the month in which the relevant invoice is issued.
6.8 HSS will pass on changes in the rate of VAT. If the rate of VAT changes between the Order date and the date HSS supplies the Equipment, HSS will adjust the rate of VAT that the Hirer pays, unless the Hirer has already paid for the Equipment in full before the change in the rate of VAT takes effect.
6.9 HSS can charge interest if the Hirer pays late. If the Hirer is a Consumer, the provisions of clause B 17 shall apply. If the Hirer is a Trader, the provisions of clause C 22.5 shall apply.
6.10 Other remedies of HSS for late payment. Should any portion of an account fall overdue then the total account will become due on demand. The Hirer will be responsible for reasonable legal charges incurred by HSS in the recovery of amounts due or the recovery of the Equipment. In addition HSS is entitled to suspend further services to the Hirer.
7. DAMAGE WAIVER AND DAMAGE WAIVER PLUS
Damage Waiver or Damage Waiver Plus may be offered to the Hirer or, in some cases, may be a requirement by HSS of its Contract with the Hirer. The provisions of clauses 7.1 to 7.5 shall apply if Damage Waiver or Damage Waiver Plus (as applicable) has been taken up by the Hirer. It is important to note that Damage Waiver and Damage Waiver Plus only provides you with cover within the thresholds set out in Clause 7.5.1 and as otherwise set out in this Clause 7.
7.1 Damage Waiver: Subject to the remainder of this clause 7, if the Hirer contracts to pay the Damage Waiver charge, being a sum equal to 10% of the Charges (where available as an option) HSS will waive any further charges for rectifying accidentally damaged Equipment.
7.2 Damage Waiver Plus: Subject to the remainder of this clause 7, if the Hirer contracts to pay the Damage Waiver Plus charge being a sum equal to 15% of the Charges (where available as an option) HSS will waive any further charges for (i) rectifying accidently damaged Equipment; and/or (ii) theft of the Equipment.
7.3 Conditions of Damage Waiver Plus applying: The waiver provided by Damage Waiver Plus is subject to the following conditions:
7.3.1 the Hirer must be able to demonstrate that reasonable care has been taken to prevent theft;
7.3.2 theft of Equipment must be reported to the Police and a crime reference number obtained; and
7.3.3 the Hirer must notify HSS within forty eight (48) hours of the theft and obtain an HSS theft report form. The completed form must be returned to: Claims Department, HSS Hire, Oakland House, 76 Talbot Road, Old Trafford, Manchester, M16 0PQ. Tel: 0161 749 4520.
7.4 When Damage Waiver Plus will not apply. Damage Waiver Plus shall not apply and the Hirer shall be responsible for any damage to, or loss of, the Equipment in the following circumstances:
7.4.1 theft of consumable goods;
7.4.2 theft due to the dishonesty, wilful default or negligence of the Hirer, its employees, sub-contractors or agents;
7.4.3 theft from a vehicle where the Equipment was left visible and unattended;
7.4.4 loss of Equipment revealed only when an inventory is made or at collection;
7.4.5 loss arising from civil disturbance; and/or
7.4.6 loss occurring outside the UK and Ireland.
7.5 Limitations and exclusions for Damage Waiver and Damage Waiver Plus: Damage Waiver or Damage Waiver Plus does not cover the following and the Hirer shall remain responsible to HSS for:
7.5.1 the first £50 or 20% of the Replacement Cost (whichever is the greater amount) of any Equipment damage or loss claim and any and all amounts of damage or loss exceeding £5,000 for any single Contract;
7.5.2 tyre punctures and/or Replacement Costs due to irreparable tyre damage;
7.5.3 damage or loss caused by the Hirer’s negligence, damage or breach of the Contract including damage or loss connected to the Hirer’s obligations set out in clause 4.6; and
7.5.4 damage or loss caused by or contributed to as a result of the misuse, neglect, alteration, mishandling or unauthorised manipulation of the Equipment by the Hirer.
8. VARIATION
8.1 Which version of our Terms apply to your order. HSS amends these Terms from time to time. Every time a Hirer orders Equipment from us, the terms in force at the time of the Order and available at hss.com will apply to the Contract between the Hirer and HSS.
8.2 Amending the Terms applicable to your Order. HSS may revise these Terms as they apply to an Order from time to time to reflect the following circumstances:
8.2.1 changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirement; and
8.2.2 changes to HSS’ processes and procedures.
If HSS have to revise these Terms as they apply to an Order, HSS will contact the Hirer to give the Hirer reasonable advance notice of the changes and let the Hirer know how to cancel the Contract if the Hirer is not happy with the changes. The Hirer may cancel either in respect of all the affected Equipment or just any Equipment the Hirer has yet to receive. If the Hirer opts to cancel, HSS will have to return (at HSS’ cost) any relevant Equipment already received and HSS will arrange a full refund of the price paid by the Hirer.
9. HOW HSS MAY USE A HIRER’S PERSONAL INFORMATION How HSS will use a Hirer’s personal information.
HSS is the data controller of any personal information a Hirer provides to us. HSS will collect and process such information in order to process and fulfil an Order.
If the Hirer is an individual providing HSS with its own personal information, please see HSS's privacy policy which is available on our website (https://www.hss.com/hire/privacy-and-cookies-policy) for further information on how personal information is used and rights in relation to that information.
If the Hirer is providing personal data of another individual to HSS, the Hirer must tell that individual that the Hirer is providing their information to HSS and show them a copy of this notice.
10. GENERAL
10.1 Even if HSS delays in enforcing a Contract, HSS can still enforce it later. If HSS fails to insist that the Hirer performs any of its obligations under a Contract or if HSS does not enforce its rights against the Hirer, or if HSS delays doing so, that will not mean that HSS has agreed not to enforce its rights against the Hirer and will not mean that the Hirer does not have to comply with those obligations. If HSS does waive a default by the Hirer, HSS will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that HSS will automatically waive any later default by the Hirer.
10.2 If a court finds part of the Terms illegal, the rest will continue in force. Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any term is unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
10.3 Nobody else has any rights under a Contract. The parties do not intend that any term of a Contract shall be enforceable by any person other than the parties.
10.4 The Hirer needs the consent of HSS to transfer its rights to someone else. The Contract is personal to the Hirer and the Hirer shall not assign, delegate, sub-contract, transfer, charge or otherwise dispose of all or any of its rights and responsibilities under the Contract without the prior written consent of HSS.
11. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
11.1 Which laws apply. Subject to clause 11.2, these Terms and any and all Contracts and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them will be governed by English law.
11.2 Where you may bring legal proceedings. HSS and the Hirer both agree that the courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms and any and all Contracts (including in relation to any non-contractual obligations), except if the Hirer is a resident of or has its registered office in Scotland, either party may bring proceedings in Scotland in accordance with Scottish law.
PART B: TERMS APPLYING ONLY TO CONSUMERS
12. LIABILITY
12.1 HSS is responsible to the Hirer for foreseeable loss and damage caused by HSS. If HSS fails to comply with the Contract, HSS is responsible for loss or damage the Hirer suffers that is a foreseeable result of HSS breaking the Contract or failing to use reasonable care and skill. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract was made, both the Hirer and HSS knew it might happen, for example, if you specifically drew it to our attention during the sales process.
12.2 HSS does not exclude or limit in any way HSS’ liability where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for:
12.2.1 death or personal injury caused by HSS’ negligence or the negligence of HSS’ employees, agents or subcontractors;
12.2.2 for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
12.2.3 for breach of the Hirer’s legal rights in relation to the Equipment including the right to receive Equipment; and
12.2.4 for any matter for which HSS is not permitted by law to exclude or limit, or to attempt to exclude or limit, liability
12.3 HSS is not liable for business losses. HSS only supply the Equipment for domestic and private use. If the Hirer uses the Equipment for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose HSS will have no liability to the Hirer for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
12.4 AS A CONSUMER, THE HIRER HAS LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES IN RELATION TO THE PROVISION OF THE EQUIPMENT. ADVICE ABOUT THE HIRER’S LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES IS AVAILABLE FROM THE CITIZENS' ADVICE BUREAU. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS WILL AFFECT THE HIRER’S LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES.
13. AUTOMATIC CANCELLATION OF CONTRACT
Automatic termination at day 88 of the Contract term. Subject to HSS’ and the Hirer’s rights to cancel set out in the Contract, the Hire Period shall not exceed 88 days in any circumstances and each Contract will automatically end 88 days after the Commencement Date.
14. THE HIRER’S RIGHTS TO END THE CONTRACT
14.1 Ending the Contract because of something HSS has done or are going to do. If the Hirer is ending a Contract for a reason set out at clause 14.1.1 to
14.1.5 below the Hirer may end the Contract immediately and HSS will refund the Hirer in full for any Equipment which has not been provided. The reasons are:
14.1.1 HSS has told the Hirer about an upcoming change to these Terms which the Hirer does not agree to;
14.1.2 HSS has told the Hirer about an error in the price or description of the Equipment ordered and the Hirer does not wish to proceed;
14.1.3 there is a risk that supply of the Equipment may be significantly delayed because of events outside of HSS’ control;
14.1.4 HSS has suspended supply of the Equipment for technical reasons, or notify the Hirer that it is going to suspend it for technical reasons; or
14.1.5 the Hirer has a legal right to end the contract because of something HSS has done wrong.
15. HOW TO END THE CONTRACT WITH HSS
15.1 Telling HSS. To exercise the right to cancel, the Hirer must inform HSS by a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post or e-mail), using the information above under “How to contact HSS” in clause 2.2 or by using the off-hire functionality provided on our website or the HSS app.
15.2 Returning Equipment after ending the Contract. If the Hirer ends the Contract for any reason after Equipment has been dispatched or delivered to the Hirer, the Hirer must return them to HSS or allow HSS to collect them. Please call your local branch using the information above under “How to contact HSS” in clause 2.2.
15.3 Costs of return. HSS may pay the costs of return subject to HSS being satisfied, acting reasonably, that:
15.3.1 the Equipment is faulty or misdescribed; or
15.3.2 the Hirer is ending the Contract because HSS told the Hirer of an upcoming change to the Equipment or these Terms, an error in pricing or description, a delay in delivery due to events outside HSS’ control or because the Hirer has a legal right to do so as a result of something HSS has done wrong.
In all other circumstances, the Hirer must pay the costs of return.
15.4 What HSS charges for collection. If the Hirer is responsible for the costs of return and HSS is collecting the Equipment from the Hirer, HSS will charge the Hirer the direct cost to HSS of collection.
15.5 How HSS will refund the Hirer. HSS will refund the Hirer the price the Hirer paid for hiring the Equipment including delivery costs, by the method the Hirer used for payment. HSS will make any refunds due to the Hirer as soon as possible.
16. HSS’ RIGHTS TO END THE CONTRACT
16.1 HSS may end the Contract if the Hirer breaks it. HSS may end the Contract at any time by writing to the Hirer if:
16.1.1 the Hirer does not, within a reasonable time of us asking for it, provide HSS with information that is necessary for HSS to provide the Equipment;
16.1.2 the Hirer does not, within a reasonable time, allow HSS to deliver the Equipment to the Hirer or the Hirer does not collect them from HSS; or
16.1.3 the Hirer otherwise breaks these Terms.
16.2 The Hirer must compensate HSS if it breaks the Contract. If HSS ends the Contract in the situations set out in clause 16.1, HSS will refund any money the Hirer has paid in advance for the Equipment HSS has not provided but HSS may deduct or charge the Hirer reasonable compensation for the net costs HSS will incur as a result of the Hirer breaking the Contract.
17. LATE PAYMENT
17.1 If the Hirer does not make any payment to HSS by the due date, HSS may charge interest to the Hirer on the overdue amount at the rate of 4% per annum above the base lending rate from time to time of Barclays Bank plc. This interest shall accrue on a daily basis from the due date until the date of actual payment of the overdue amount, whether before or after judgment. The Hirer must pay HSS interest together with any overdue amount.
18. IF THERE IS A PROBLEM WITH THE EQUIPMENT
18.1 How to tell HSS about problems. If the Hirer has any questions or complaints about the Equipment, please contact HSS by telephone or email using the relevant information above under “How to contact HSS” at clause 2.2.
PART C: TERMS APPLYING ONLY TO TRADERS
19. FORMATION OF CONTRACTS
No Hirer Terms will apply to any Contracts. Each Contract will be subject to these Terms to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions, including any terms or conditions which the Hirer purports to apply under any purchase order, confirmation of order or similar document, whether or not such document is referred to in the Contract.
20. THE EQUIPMENT
20.1 Liability for damage to Hirer’s property. HSS shall have no liability to the Hirer for damage to the Hirer’s property if the Hirer fails to comply with clause 4.3.
20.2 Consequences of parting with control of the Equipment. If the Hirer without the prior written consent of HSS, parts with control of the Equipment, the Hirer shall, immediately upon HSS’ request procure the return of the Equipment to the Hirer. If the Equipment is not returned to the Hirer within 5 days of HSS’ request, the Equipment shall be deemed to be lost and the Hirer shall be responsible for the replacement of the Equipment and the Charges and any Additional Charges will continue to apply until settlement is made to the satisfaction of HSS.
20.3 Equipment will comply with the Contract. HSS shall:
20.3.1 during each Hire Period, ensure that the Equipment shall be of satisfactory quality, comply with any description provided by the Hirer and shall be fit for its intended purpose; and
20.3.2 on the Commencement Date, ensure that the Equipment shall comply with all applicable laws and statutory regulations and any reasonable instructions and guidelines issued by the Hirer at the time of hire, including health, safety and security standards.
20.4 What to do if the Equipment fails to comply with the Contract. If, at any time during the Hire Period, the Hirer becomes aware of a breach of clause 20.3 the Hirer shall give written notice of the breach to HSS as soon as reasonably possible once the Hirer has become aware of the breach.
20.5 Remedies if the Equipment fails to comply with the Contract. Following receipt of written notice under clause 20.4 HSS will:
20.5.1 repair the Equipment;
20.5.2 replace the Equipment with equipment of an equivalent or similar specification; or
20.5.3 reduce the Charges of the relevant Equipment by a sum which is fair in the circumstance.
These are the Hirer’s only remedy for a breach of clause 20.3.
20.6 Circumstances where HSS will not be liable. HSS shall not be responsible to the Hirer for any breach of clause 20.3 and shall not be required to repair or replace the Equipment in accordance with clause 20.5 if:
20.6.1 the breach arose directly as a result of any act or omission of the Hirer; and/or
20.6.2 the breach was caused by or contributed to as a result of the misuse, neglect, alteration, mishandling or unauthorised manipulation of the Equipment.
In such circumstances, and without prejudice to its other rights including those in clause 4.7, HSS shall be entitled to charge the Hirer for attending Site to repair or replace Equipment.
21. DELIVERY
21.1 The Hirer shall procure that a duly authorised representative of the Hirer shall be present at the Site where the Equipment is to be delivered. Acceptance of delivery of the Equipment by such representative shall constitute conclusive evidence that the Hirer has accepted such delivery.
21.2 Time of delivery of the Equipment and/or performance of the Contract will not be of the essence.
21.3 If the Equipment is unavailable for inspection or collection within 5 days of the scheduled date for inspection or collection as agreed between HSS and the Hirer, the Equipment shall be deemed to be lost and the Hirer shall be responsible for the replacement of the Equipment as set out in clause 4.7 and the Charges and any Additional Charges will continue to apply until settlement is made to the satisfaction of HSS.
21.4 If HSS delivers a quantity of the Equipment less than the quantity specified in the Order, the Hirer shall agree the shortages with HSS and note the same on the delivery document. The Hirer may elect to:
21.4.1 refuse to take delivery of or reject the Equipment and the Hirer shall have liability for the cost of delivery only; or
21.4.2 take delivery of and keep the lesser quantity of Equipment or any part thereof and pay for them at the rate specified in the Order subject to a pro-rata reduction in the relevant Charges.
21.5 If HSS delivers a quantity of Equipment greater than the quantity specified in the Order, the Hirer may elect to:
21.5.1 accept and pay for all the Equipment delivered at the Charges; or
21.5.2 accept and pay for the quantity specified in the Order and reject the excess.
22. CHARGES AND PAYMENT
22.1 Withholding tax. If the Hirer is required in accordance with the relevant tax laws to make any withholding in respect of taxes from payments made or due to HSS, it shall provide HSS with a certificate evidencing that withholding has been made and properly accounted for to the relevant tax authorities and shall provide HSS with such assistance as may reasonably be required to enable HSS to reclaim such taxes.
22.2 Hirer’s with Credit Accounts. If HSS has granted a credit account to the Hirer:
22.2.1 then payment of any Charges or any other sums due under the Contract, including VAT, shall be made in full cleared funds by the end of the month following the date of the invoice; and
22.2.2 HSS may set a reasonable credit limit.
22.3 HSS may terminate if the credit limit is exceeded. HSS reserves the right to terminate or suspend the Contract if allowing it to continue would result in the Hirer exceeding its credit limit or the Hirer has already exceeded its credit limit.
22.4 Invoice queries. The Hirer should notify HSS in writing of any queries concerning invoices within 14 days of the invoice date. HSS will not grant an extension to credit account payment terms for unresolved invoice queries that have been notified after such date.
22.5 Late payment. If the Hirer does not make any payment to HSS in full by the due date, without prejudice to any other rights of HSS, HSS may charge you interest (both before and after judgment) on the amount unpaid in accordance with the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998 as amended and supplemented by the Late Payment of Commercial Debts Regulations 2002 and/or to suspend further Services to you or any of your associated companies.
23. HSS’ LIABILITY
23.1 Non-excludable liability. Neither party excludes or limits its liability, if any, to the other party for:
23.1.1 death or personal injury resulting from its negligence or by the negligence of a person for whom it is vicariously liable;
23.1.2 any breach of its obligations implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982;
23.1.3 for its fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or the fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation by a person for whom it is vicariously liable; or
23.1.4 any matter which it would be illegal for it to exclude or to attempt to exclude its liability.
23.2 Tangible property liability. Subject to clauses 23.1 and 23.4, HSS’ maximum aggregate liability to the Hirer for loss of or damage to tangible property caused by its negligence or act or omission shall be limited to five million pounds (£5,000,000).
23.3 HSS’ aggregate liability. Subject to clause 23.1 and 23.4, HSS’ maximum aggregate liability to the Hirer arising out of or in connection with the Contract, whether in contract, tort, misrepresentation, under statute or otherwise, howsoever caused including by negligence and/or arising from a breach of, or a failure to perform or defect or delay in performance of, any of HSS’ obligations under the Contract but excluding any liability which falls within clause 23.1, shall be limited in respect of each Contract, to the Charges and other sums paid or payable in respect of that Contract as specified in the Order.
23.4 Excluded types of liability. Subject to clause 23.1, neither party shall have any liability to the other party for any:
23.4.1 loss of profit (direct or indirect);
23.4.2 loss of revenue, loss of production or loss of business (in each case whether direct or indirect);
23.4.3 loss of goodwill, loss of reputation, loss of opportunity and/or loss of operation (in each case whether direct or indirect);
23.4.4 loss of anticipated saving or loss of margin (in each case whether direct or indirect);
23.4.5 liability of the other party to third parties (whether direct or indirect); or
23.4.6 indirect, consequential or special loss,
arising out of or in connection with the Contract, whether in contract, tort, misrepresentation, under statute or otherwise, howsoever caused including by negligence and/or arising from a breach of, or a failure to perform or defect or delay in performance of, any of that party’s obligations under the Contract and/or any defect in or breakdown of the Equipment or the Equipment’s unsuitability for the Hirer’s intended purpose.
23.5 The Effect of clause 23.4 on the Hirer’s liability. Clause 23.4 shall not limit or exclude HSS’ ability to claim against the Hirer in respect of:
23.5.1 any loss of or damage to Equipment subject to any Damage Waiver or Damage Waiver Plus applying;
23.5.2 the ability to recover the Charges applicable for any remaining Hire Period on early termination of any Contract as set out in these Terms; and/or
23.5.3 costs and expenses in respect of recovery of the Equipment as set out in these Terms.
23.6 HSS’ entire liability. The Contract set out the full extent of HSS’ obligations and liabilities in respect of the Equipment including the hire of Equipment to the Hirer. There are no conditions, warranties or other terms, express or implied, including as to quality, fitness for a particular purpose or any other kind whatsoever, that are binding on the Hirer except as specifically stated in the Contract. Any condition, warranty or other term concerning the Equipment which might otherwise be implied into or incorporated within the Contract, whether by statute, common law or otherwise, is expressly excluded.
24. CANCELLATION
24.1 The Hire Period will not exceed 88 days. Where the hire is to a Hirer who is an “individual” (which includes without limitation a sole trader or partnership) under the Consumer Credit Act 1974, the Hire Period shall not exceed 88 days, after which time the relevant Contract shall be deemed to have automatically terminated.
24.2 Grounds for mutual termination. Either party may, immediately on giving written notice to the other party, terminate the Contract and/or the relevant Contract without payment of compensation if the other party:
24.2.1 commits a material breach of the Contract which is incapable of remedy;
24.2.2 commits a material breach of the Contract which can be remedied but fails to remedy that breach within seven (7) days of a written notice setting out the breach and requiring it to be remedied being given by the other party; and/or
24.2.3 becomes Insolvent and each party shall notify the other party immediately upon becoming Insolvent.
24.3 Termination on Notice. Either party may terminate the Contract on giving the other party not less than five (5) days’ notice in writing.
24.4 HSS’ rights to terminate. HSS may terminate the Contract immediately on giving written notice to the other party if:
24.4.1 the Equipment is lost, stolen, seized, confiscated or in HSS’ reasonable opinion or the opinion of its insurer(s), damaged beyond repair;
24.4.2 the Hirer fails to pay any of HSS’ invoices within thirty (30) days from the due date for payment; or
24.4.3 the Hirer (or its associated persons, agents or subcontractors) is shown not to be running its business in accordance with applicable law and regulations and with high levels of governance and ethical standards or cannot evidence such standards by way of appropriate policies and controls (or otherwise) to HSS’s reasonable satisfaction, including but not limited to compliance with the Bribery Act 2010, the Modern Slavery Act 2015, the Criminal Finances Act 2017 (anti-facilitation of tax evasion) and the General Data Protection Regulation.
24.5 Accrued rights and remedies will not be prejudiced by termination or expiry. The termination of the Contract (or any part of it) shall be without prejudice to the rights and remedies of either party which may have accrued up to the date on which the Contract expires or is cancelled for whatever reason.
24.6 Consequences of termination or expiry. Upon the termination or expiry of the Contract, howsoever caused, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies of HSS:
24.6.1 HSS shall be entitled to invoice all Charges and Additional Charges incurred which have not yet been invoiced;
24.6.2 the Hirer shall pay on demand all Charges and Additional Charges which are due but are unpaid at the date of demand, together with any interest accrued; and
24.6.3 the Hirer shall pay on demand all costs and expenses incurred by HSS in recovering the Equipment and/or in collecting any sum due under the Contract (including any storage, transport, insurance, repair, legal and remarketing costs).
24.7 Hirer’s rights to Equipment ends when the Contract ends. Without prejudice to the remainder of these Terms, on the termination or expiry of any Contract HSS’ consent to the Hirer’s possession of the Equipment shall terminate and HSS may take possession of the Equipment and for this purpose may enter the Site or any premises at which the Equipment is located.
24.8 Definition of Insolvent. “Insolvent” means where a person ceases to trade, is unable to pay its debts as they fall due or where a person becomes, or is likely to become, insolvent or bankrupt including where a person has a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or provisional liquidator appointed; is subject to a notice of intention to appoint an administrator; passes a resolution for its winding-up has a winding up order made by a court in respect of it; enters into any composition or arrangement with creditors (save in respect of a solvent restructuring) or has any steps or actions taken in connection with any of these procedures in any jurisdiction.
25. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
No right of licence is granted to the Hirer in respect of any intellectual and industrial property rights whether registered or unregistered (including know how and rights to prevent passing off) in the United Kingdom and all other
countries in the world and together with all applications, renewals and extensions of the same of HSS, except the right to use the Equipment in the Hirer’s ordinary course of business for the purpose for which they were supplied.
26. CONFIDENTIALITY
26.1 Use of Confidential Information. Each party will keep secret and confidential all confidential information concerning the business, affairs, customers, clients or suppliers of the other party which is disclosed or obtained in connection with the Contract and/or any Contract and shall not use nor disclose the same save for the purposes of the Contract or with the prior written consent of the relevant party. Where disclosure is made to any employee, consultant, sub-contractor or agent, who needs to know the confidential information for the purposes of the Contract and/or any Contract it shall be done subject to the obligations set out in the Contract and each party shall procure that any such employee, consultant, sub-contractor or agent complies with such obligations.
26.2 Exceptions to obligations of confidentiality. The obligations of confidentiality in this clause shall not extend to any matter which:
26.2.1 is in or enters the public domain other than as a result of a breach of the obligations of confidentiality under the Contract; or
26.2.2 is independently disclosed by a third party entitled to disclose the same; or
26.2.3 is required to be disclosed under any applicable law, or by order of a court, governmental body or authority of competent jurisdiction.
27. NOTICES
27.1 Method and Address for notices. Any notices sent under the Contract must be in writing, delivered by hand or sent by pre-paid first class post or recorded delivery to the parties at their registered addresses. Any notice or communication given in accordance with clause 27.1 shall be deemed to have been served:
27.1.1 if delivered by hand, at the time of delivery; or
27.1.2 if sent by pre-paid first class post or recorded delivery at 9.00 a.m. on the second Business Day after the date of posting.
27.2 Clause not applicable where the Civil Procedure Rules apply. This clause
27 shall not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in a legal action to which the Civil Procedure Rules apply.
28. GENERAL
28.1 Entire Agreement. The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior agreement or arrangement in respect of its subject matter and:
28.1.1 neither party has entered into the Contract in reliance upon, and it shall have no remedy in respect of, any representation or statement which is not expressly set out in the Contract; and
28.1.2 nothing in this clause 28.1 shall be interpreted or construed as limiting or excluding the liability of either party for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
28.2 No Partnership. Nothing in the Contract and no action taken by the parties in connection with it or them shall create a partnership or joint venture or relationship of employer and employee between the parties or give either party authority to act as the agent of or in the name of or on behalf of the other party or to bind the other party or to hold itself out as being entitled to do so.
28.3 Independent Contractor. Each party agrees that it is an independent contractor and is entering into the Contract as principal and not as agent for or for the benefit of any other person.
Version: 20 February 2020