http://www.korteco.com/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Update: All ongoing projects remain active with precautions in place according to OSHA and CDC guidelines. Staff across our five offices are staying safe by working remotely or by wearing masks and practicing social distancing while working on-site.
×
Skip to contentPRIVACY POLICYCompany culture in constructionWhat to expect during a build and how to find the right builder for your company and project. Download the guidePrivacy PolicyThe Korte Company believes that privacy is important to the success and use of the Internet. This statement sets forth The Korte Company’s Privacy Policy for www.korteco.com and its affiliated websites (collectively, the “Website”) and describes what information is collected, how it is used and with whom it is shared.By accessing or using our Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy. The Korte Company may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting. Your continued use of our Website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any updates.What Personal Information Do We Gather?To provide you with quality service, The Korte Company gathers the following types of information:Information You Give Us:For example, the contact information you give us or permit us to access (such as, but not limited to, name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, e-mail address, activity and performance information) when you subscribe to a newsletter, create an account to access password protected content or participate in discussion boards, participate in a survey, or purchase publications.Automatically Collected Information:The Korte Company, primarily through analytics companies, uses cookies and potentially other types of collection tools to collect and temporarily store anonymous traffic data and technical information about your visit for use in site management and security purposes. This information includes, but is not limited to:The Internet domain from which you access the Website;The IP address (a unique number for each computer connected to the Internet) from which you access the Website;The type of browser (e.g., Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer) used to access the Website and browser language;The operating system (Windows, Unix, etc.) used to access the Website;Device identifier and hardware information;The date and time you access the Website;The URLs of the pages you visit;Referring website URLs;Your username, if it was used to log in to the Website;If you visited The Korte Company’s Website from another website, the URL of the forwarding site;Cookie information; andOther information about your interactions with The Korte Company.How Do We Use Information?We use the information we gather to help The Korte Company make the Website more useful for you. With this data, The Korte Company learns about the number of visitors to the Website, the information and materials users are most interested in, and the types of technology used by The Korte Company’s visitors.We may also use your information to:Enable your use of the Website;Enhance, customize and personalize your experiences and communications;Use Website features; andAdminister contests, promotions, events, surveys or other features.When and With Whom Do We Share Personal Information?While The Korte Company generally does not share your personal information with other companies, we may transfer your information to The Korte Company’s vendors and service providers to conduct our business. For example, our vendors and service providers, among other things, may handle data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management.The Korte Company reserves the right to disclose any personal information about you or your use of the Website without your prior permission if The Korte Company has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process (such as subpoenas, search warrants and court orders); (2) protect and defend the rights or property of The Korte Company or its affiliated companies; (3) enforce the terms of the Privacy Policy; or (4) act to protect the interests of The Korte Company’s members or others.Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in the event of a sale of a part or all of The Korte Company. If this should happen, notice will be provided by a posting to the Website or other form of communication.International UsersThe Korte Company’s digital operations are conducted, in whole or in part, in the United States. Regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data gathered, processed, stored and used in the United States, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.CookiesThe Korte Company Website, like many other commercial websites, may utilize a standard technology called “cookies” to collect information about how the Website is used. A cookie is a special packet of data designed to help a website operator determine whether a particular user has visited the website previously and what that user’s preferences are. Your browser’s Help resources tell you more about managing cookies.SurveysFrom time-to-time, The Korte Company may request information from Website users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user, therefore, has a choice whether or not to disclose his or her personal information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Website.EmailYou may have opportunities on the Website to communicate with us by email. You may also choose to provide your email address to receive communications from us or third parties.Use of the Website by MinorsThe Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act requires that we not knowingly collect or share personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian. If a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information without such consent, please contact us at the address below so that we can delete such information. Youth under the age of 18 are encouraged to use our site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.UpdatesWe update and modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. Such updates or modifications are effective upon posting. Please refer back often for the latest information. We will provide reasonable notice to subscribers about significant changes, either via the e-mail address you provided us or by notice on our site.SecurityWe have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. The Korte Company will have no liability for disclosure of information obtained due to errors in transmissions or the unauthorized intervention of third parties.LinksThis Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Website. Please be aware that the Website contains links to other sites and/or social media platforms. These links are provided solely as a convenience to users and should not be construed as an affiliation with or endorsement of such sites. The Korte Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave The Korte Company Website, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.Contact UsIf you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us:U.S. MAIL:The Korte Company12441 U.S. Highway 40Highland, Illinois 62249E-Mail: info@korteco.comX