https://www.wellsfargo.com/help/online-banking/troubleshoot-faqs/
Skip to content
Banking and Credit Cards
Loans and Credit
Investing and Retirement
Wealth Management
Rewards and Benefits
Banking
Accounts and Services
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services
Online Banking
Transfer and Pay
Mobile Features
Control Tower®
ATM Banking
Your Financial Goals
Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Planning for Retirement
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service
Loans and Credit
Accounts and Services
Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards
Your Financial Goals
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts
Investing and Retirement
Our Investing Services
Overview
Self-Directed Investing
Automated Investing
Dedicated Financial Advisor
Compare Ways to Invest
Investing Solutions
IRAs
Invest in Mutual Funds
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education
Your Financial Goals
Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics
Popular Links
Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Open an Intuitive Investor® Account
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On
Wealth Management
Wealth Services
The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services
Wealth Solutions
Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment and Asset Management
Fiduciary and Trust Services
Wealth Advice & Guidance
Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations
Magazine
Next Step
Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing
Rewards and Benefits
Go Far® Rewards
Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards
Relationship Program
Customer Relationship Overview
Your Financial Goals
Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards
Navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. Seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español.
Página principal
Comienzo de ventana emergente
Esta página solo está disponible en inglés
Selecione Cancele para permanecer en esta página o Continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español.
Cancele Continúe
Fin de ventana emergente
PersonalCustomer ServiceOnline Banking HelpOnline Troubleshooting
Online Troubleshooting
Print
(Last updated: 5/23/18)Top questions
How do I download and install a new browser?
Before you download a new browser, please make sure that your operating system and the new browser meet the Wells Fargo Technical requirements. We also provide simple instructions on how to download and install supported browsers.
How do I enable JavaScript within my browser?
For your security, you must enable JavaScript in your browser to sign on to Wells Fargo Online®.
Java can be enabled on the following platforms: Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, Mac OS X.
Chrome: If you have problems accessing Java applications using Chrome, Oracle recommends using Internet Explorer (Windows) or Safari (Mac OS X) instead.
Why does a link not work?
If you click on a link that does not work, the reason may be that you are blocking pop-up windows that you have requested to access. To open the link, you can either disable your pop-up blocker or hold the CTRL key while clicking on the link. For Windows 10 users using Internet Explorer, you may see an information bar appear below the address bar on your browser notifying you that a pop-up window has been blocked. Click on this information bar and choose Temporarily Allow Pop-Ups then click the link again to open the pop-up window.
You can also choose:
Always Allow Pop-Ups from this Site.
Enter *.wellsfargo.com to the address of website to allow box. (Don't forget to include the *).
Click Add.
Browser support
Which browser settings do I need to use Wells Fargo Online®?
In order to sign on to Wells Fargo Online, your browser must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.
If you are using Internet Explorer, we also suggest that you set your privacy setting to Medium High or High. Select Tools in the browser toolbar, then Internet Options, then the Privacy tab. Under Pop Up Blocker, you will see Settings. Select it, and choose your Blocking Level at the bottom.
Why do I need to upgrade my browser?
For security reasons, browsers occasionally "expire" their ability to perform sensitive transactions such as Internet banking. In order to maintain our high degree of customer security, Wells Fargo does not allow you to access your accounts through Wells Fargo Online using an expired browser. To continue to access your Wells Fargo account(s) online, some customers will need to upgrade to a newer supported version of their preferred browser. Review our list of Supported Browsers.
What do I do if my new browser is not yet supported?
If you are using the latest release of your browser, please be aware that there may be a delay in our support of the new browser release while we conduct a review to ensure it meets our security standards. We recommend that you download and install a supported browser until the new version is officially supported.
How do I set my browser to accept cookies?
Cookies are pieces of data given to the browser on your computer. This piece of data is sent back to the server each time you access a new page.
The purpose of enabling cookies is to help websites identify returning users and provide them with customized pages. You will not be able to access any secured pages if you set your privacy setting to Block All Cookies. Follow the applicable steps below to enable cookies on your computer:
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Safari for Macintosh OS X
Firefox for Windows
Google Chrome
Why am I getting an exceptionally slow response or "Browser cannot open site" message?
There are many possible causes for this error message and slow response times. The two most common causes are Wells Fargo.com is listed as a restricted site in your browser or you need to clear the cache, or temporary files, used by your browser.
Pop-up window support
What is a pop-up window?
Pop-up windows are small web browser windows with information or can be ads that appear over or under the web page you are currently viewing. They are frequently used for advertising and open automatically whether or not you want to see them. Wells Fargo does not use them for advertising. But they may also open at your request and show help text or another page of a site that is informative.
Occasionally, a new browser window may open when you click on a link on our site. These user-initiated pop-up windows only open after you request them by clicking on a link. If you click on a link that does not work, the reason may be that you are blocking pop-up windows that you have requested to access.
How does a pop-up blocker work?
Your pop-up blocker prevents pop-up windows from opening, depending on the pop-up blocker settings you have chosen. For Windows 10 users using Internet Explorer, setting the pop-up blocker to High will usually block all pop-ups (both automatic and user-initiated), while setting pop-up blocker to Low will allow all pop-ups to display. We recommend that you choose the default Medium setting.
Android, Chrome, Google Pay, Google Pixel, Google Play, Wear OS by Google, and the Google Logo are trademarks of Google LLC.
Apple, the Apple logo, Apple Pay, Apple Watch, Face ID, iPad, iPad Pro, iPhone, iTunes, Mac, Safari, and Touch ID are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple Wallet is a trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.
LRC-1120
Related Questions
Privacy & security
View more questions
Still have questions?
Call Us
Customer Service
1-800-869-3557
24 hours a day, 7 days a week
More contact options
Was this content helpful?How was your experience with this page?Select oneIt answered all of my questions.It answered some of my questions.It didn't answer any of my questions.I experienced technical issues.Share your comments about this page:Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here.
Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here.
SubmitCloseThank YouWe appreciate your feedback.We are unable to contact you about your comments. For specific account-related questions or comments, please visit Customer Service.Close