http://www.tnstatebank.com/website-policy
Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Skip Navigation
Website Policy
Tennessee State Bank's Website Policy
Tennessee State Bank (TSB) is committed to providing the highest level of security and privacy regarding the collection and use of our NetTeller Online Banking customers’ personal information, as well as that of all visitors to our website.
We do not collect unique identifying information (e.g. social security number, account number) about you individually unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us that information. You should never provide such information in an email or other transmission. If you need to contact us; use the Contact Us feature as presented below.
The collection of personal information online is designed to protect access to your personal accounts and assist the bank in providing you with the products and services you want and need. All personal information collected and stored by the bank is used for specific business purposes-to protect and administer your personal accounts and transactions, and to comply with state and federal banking regulations.
Use the Contact Us link to send a secure message to us through the TSB website or NetTeller Online Banking. The information you provide us will only be used as appropriate to handle your request. Your personal information will not be dispersed or sold to other organizations. By using our Contact Us link, the information is sent to TSB securely. Please keep in mind that emailing, texting, posting, etc. is not secure and others may be able to intercept those transmissions.
Web analytic software is used to collect non-identifying information about our visitors, as follows:
Date and time our site was accessed
IP address (numeric address given to servers connected to the Internet)
Web browser used
City, state and country
The general information that we collect is used to improve the content of our site and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
COOKIES
We may use internet cookies to help us authenticate your online session to TSB NetTeller Online Banking. A cookie is a unique identifying bit of data sent from our web server to your internet browser when you visit our site. The cookie is stored on your system but does nothing to your computer or hard drive and does not gather any personal information about you. Cookies help websites track user preferences and recognize return visitors.
SECURITY
Safeguarding our customer’s information is our highest priority. We use the latest encryption technology to secure your data along with firewalls, intrusion detection, virus protection and application security. We also use a full website EVSSL certificate which reflects the highest level of site security. A pharming shield is used to maintain visitor trust, website & SSL integrity, defacement prevention and website server security.
Your NetTeller Online Banking account is secured by a unique user ID and password and multifactor authentication. You should never share these credentials and should notify us immediately if they have compromised. Your online banking session will also sign off automatically from inactivity to protect your data. For additional security, please remember to sign off after use and close your internet browser.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects children under the age of 13 from the online collection of personal information. We do not knowingly collect names, email addresses, or retain any other personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. For more information about COPPA, please visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
Please refer to our current Privacy Policy for more information on how we manage the personal information of our current and former customers.
Mobile Banking
Bank anytime.  Bank anywhere.
Get e-Statements.
Forget paper clutter and sign up for online statements.  Get e-Statements!
Make the switch to Better Banking today.
Get Started
Read more on our accessibility statement