http://www.iff.com/en/site-services/privacy
skip to main content
TasteTouchScentDiscoverOur PurposeInvestorMediaCareersContact Us
Search
TasteTouchScentDiscoverOur PurposeInvestorMediaCareersContact Us
Taste
Flavor & Specialty Ingredients
OverviewOnline Compendium
FrutaromPowderpureTastepoint by IFF
TouchScent
Fragrance Ingredients
OverviewOnline CompendiumAbout the Compendium
LMR Naturals
OverviewOnline CompendiumAbout the Compendium
DiscoverOur Purpose
Uncommon CultureSustainabilityA History of FirstsGlobal ProcurementPolicy Center
Report Concerns: IFF’s SpeakUp HotlineGlobal Equality Policy2018 Gender Equity ReportAnimal Testing PolicyAnti-Bribery PolicyCalifornia Supply Chain ActCode of Business Conduct and EthicsCookie PolicyGlobal Environment, Health and Safety PolicyGlobal Human Rights PolicyGMO PolicyGlobal Terms and Conditions of Purchase of GoodsGlobal Terms and Conditions of Purchase of ServicesGlobal Terms and Conditions of SaleSpeakUp: Reporting Concerns & Non-Retaliation PolicyIFF California Consumer Privacy Act Job Applicant Privacy NoticePalm Oil PolicyQuality PolicySlavery & Human Trafficking StatementEEA Customer and Vendor Privacy NoticeEEA Supplemental IFF Job Applicant Privacy NoticeEEA Supplemental IFF Website Privacy StatementVendor Code of ConductVendor Code of Conduct [Bahasa]Vendor Code of Conduct [Chinese]Vendor Code of Conduct [French]Vendor Code of Conduct [Portuguese]Vendor Code of Conduct [Spanish]Vendor Code of Conduct [Turkish]
Investor
Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsLeadership & GovernanceStock InformationFinancial & FilingsFinancial Overview
Media
Brand Sense
Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsLeadership & GovernanceStock InformationFinancial & FilingsFinancial Overview
Contact
Careers
Why IFFDiversity & InclusionCareers at IFFIFF UniversityScent SchoolExplore Budapest
Contact Us
LinkedIn,opens in a new window
Twitter,opens in a new window
Facebook,opens in a new window
Instagram,opens in a new window
YouTube,opens in a new window
Pioneering flavors and fragrances
A passion to co-create tastes and smells
Dedicated to innovations
Join us in our journey of discovery
Connect to IFF
Privacy
Site MapFlavor Ingredients Odor FamilyFlavor Ingredients Product GroupsPrivacy
OverviewOnline CompendiumAbout the Compendium
OverviewOnline CompendiumAbout the Compendium
Privacy
Our Website Privacy Statement
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. and its affiliates (“IFF”), including Lucas Meyer Cosmetics Canada Inc., Tastepoint Inc. and Columbia PhytoTechnology LLC (“Powderpure”), collect and use personal data from visitors of our websites in accordance with the following statement (“Privacy Statement”). The Privacy Statement does not apply to any data IFF collects offline or through web or mobile sites that do not link to this Privacy Statement.
Types of Data Collection
If a user (“you”) sends a request through our website or through third parties’ facilitated software, you will know what information you provide because you will actively submit it to us.  For example, if you request ingredients and/or samples, register for e-mail alerts or webcasts, or if you receive commercial documentation from IFF, either via an IFF website or through third parties’ facilitated software, to enable the fulfillment of the request you will provide information such as your name, title, company, address, country, phone, fax, and/or e-mail.
IFF automatically receives certain information from your computer or mobile device, including but not limited to the activities you perform on our sites, or the activities you perform through third parties’ facilitated software, the type of hardware and software you are using (for example, your operating system or browser), information stored in cookies, IP address, access times, the web pages from which you came, the regions from which you navigate the web page, and the web page(s) you access (as applicable).
IFF uses tracking technology (“cookies”) on the IFF websites or through third parties’ facilitated software, to customize and improve the site and for certain additional purposes including analysis of what information you are accessing or downloading and how you are interacting with that information after the download is completed.  Please refer to the IFF Cookie Policy for details of the types of cookies IFF uses and the purposes for which the cookies and the data collected through them are used.
Purposes of Data Collection
IFF collects personal data through our sites or via third parties’ facilitated software to provide, customize and improve the functionality of the site, to provide you e-mail alerts, access to webcasts or other services, fulfil sample requests or contractual obligations, and to communicate with you via phone, fax, standard mail, and/or e-mail. By providing this information, you consent to such collection and use of the provided data. If you send a request but choose not to be added to the IFF mailing list, we will only contact you for matters pertaining to your request(s).
Sharing Personal Data
IFF may share your personal data:
with your consent;
to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court order and legal process;
to protect and defend the rights or property of us or third parties, including enforcing agreements, policies and terms of use;
in an emergency, including to protect the safety of our employees or any person;
in connection with investigating and preventing fraud; and
for purposes of a business deal involving sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets (e.g. merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy transaction or proceeding).
IFF also shares your personal data with our affiliates, agents, contractors, and service providers in order to assist us in conducting our business.
Security
No data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secured. As a result, while IFF strives to protect your personal data through implementation of security measures, IFF cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to IFF.
Information Storage and International Transfers
IFF and its affiliates and service providers process and store your personal data on servers around the world, including in the United States.
Visiting the Site
Visiting our site is voluntary. If you do not want us to collect and process your personal data, you are advised not to visit this site. If you choose to do so, you should not provide any confidential information to IFF through this site, and IFF shall take no responsibility whatsoever as to possible damages users might suffer in that respect.
Contact
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time, at our sole discretion. If you have any questions about our Privacy Statement, please contact IFF by e-mail at law.department@iff.com or by mail addressed to Law Department, International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., 521 West 57th Street, New York, New York 10019.
Our Cookie Policy
SETTINGS OF COOKIES
International Flavors & Fragrances and our affiliates (“IFF”), including Lucas Meyer Cosmetics Canada Inc., Tastepoint Inc. and Columbia PhytoTechnology LLC (“Powderpure”), use cookies on websites we operate.
Cookies are small files of information, stored on your computer that enable the analysis of website use. The cookies used on our web servers are mostly session cookies which are automatically deleted from your hard drive once the browser session has come to an end. Other cookies reside on your computer system and help us to recognize your computer when you next visit our sites (permanent cookies). This information is used to assess your use of the website, to compile reports about website activity for website operators and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Cookies help to improve our websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customize our websites according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognize you when you return to our websites.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by changing your browser settings, though in this case you may not be able to use all the features on our websites. By using an IFF website, you consent to the processing of data collected about you in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org.
Here is a list of the cookies used on one or more of IFF’s websites and what they are used for: (as on 27 Feb 2018)
Cookies Name
Purpose
Expiry Time
__utma
Tracks
the number of visits a user makes to a site, and the time of the first, the previous, and the current visit.
2 years
__utmb
Tracks how long a visitor stays on a site - when a visit starts and approximately ends
30 Minutes
__utmc
Tracks how long a visitor stays on a site - when a visit starts and approximately ends
This expires quickly
End of browser session
__utmz
Tracks where a visitor came from (search engine, search keyword, link)
6 Months
MyInvestisCookie
Stores encypted tokens passed through MyInvestis
End of browser session
myinvestisdata
Stores user data when loging in using myinvestis
End of browser session
sc_fv
Flash Version
End of browser session
#sitename#lang
Stores Language for the Website
End of browser session
ASP.NET_SessionId
SessionId what .NET Manages for maintaining session
End of browser session
.ASPXAUTH
Auth Id, which .NET assigns as a uniqueue ID to authenticate a user on each request
End of browser session
AWSLEB
AWS ELB(Elastic Load Balancer) for managing sticky session across production servers
End of browser session
Cookies Specific to Showpad Applications
Please refer to the Showpad Cookie Policy for details of the cookies used by IFF on IFF-controlled Showpad applications.
Web Tracking Tool
Some IFF websites use web tracking tools to collect and save data in an anonymous form exclusively for the purposes of optimization. This data is not used to personally identify the website user, nor will any personal data will be saved. The user's IP address is disguised and does not allow for any conclusions regarding the identity of the website visitor.
Google Analytics
Some IFF websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using an IFF website that uses Google Analytics, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Please note that IFF websites using Google Analytics initializes it with the setting “anonymizeIp”. This guarantees anonymized data collection by masking the last part of your IP address.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
IFF’s servers automatically collect data about your server’s internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your internet service provider whenever you’re on the internet. When you request pages from an IFF site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our servers may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another website or a search engine); the pages you visit on our sites; the website you visit after our sites; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on our sites or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our sites. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and internet service provider. Any or all of activities with regard to our site usage information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers.
Guideline for users to opt-out
How to disable cookies in your browser
Here's how to prevent new cookies from being installed and how to delete existing cookies. The exact procedure depends on which browser you are using.
Internet Explorer
To prevent new cookies from being installed and delete existing cookies:http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies
Firefox
To prevent new cookies from being installed:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
To delete existing cookies:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
Google Chrome
To prevent new cookies from being installed and delete existing cookies:https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
Safari
To prevent new cookies from being installed and delete existing cookies: http://help.apple.com/safari/mac/8.0/#/sfri11471
RIGHT TO MODIFY POLICY
IFF reserves the right to amend, modify or discontinue this Policy at any time, for any reason.
Our Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
This Job Applicant Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) informs you how International Flavors & Fragrances (“IFF”) will collect, process and/or use personal data you submit through the Careers at IFF section of the IFF website (“Applicant Information”).
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, please also refer to the EEA Supplemental Job Applicant Privacy Notice. Your other use of the IFF website is governed by any applicable terms of use and our Website Privacy Statement.
All Applicant Information you submit to IFF is collected by IFF in the United States and also in the jurisdiction where the job you are applying for is located.
Collection
Applicant Information includes any information you submit to IFF, such as:
your contact information (for example your name, address, email address, and telephone number);
information about your previous work experiences and what kind of work you would like to do (for example your cover letter, resume, CV, and school transcripts); and
information about other people (for example names and contact information for references).
It is your responsibility to obtain consent from other people before you provide their personal information to us.
How Applicant Information is Used
Applicant Information will be processed as part of the recruitment process to determine your suitability for positions for which you have applied or may be suitable for.
How Application Information is Disclosed
To the extent necessary in connection with the job you have applied for or for which IFF determines you may be suitable, IFF may share Applicant Information with affiliates and IFF personnel around the world.
Applicant Information may be disclosed to third parties in furtherance of recruiting or hiring related purposes, including in connection with any legally permitted background checks and by service providers acting on IFF’s behalf in connection with resume reviews and job application processing; to communicate with you and inform you of career opportunities; and to comply with relevant laws or in connection with legal defense.
We and our affiliates and service providers process and store your personal data on servers around the world, including in the United States.
Thus, your Applicant Information may be transferred to locations within and outside your home country, the European Economic Area or the United States.
We have implemented information security measures to help keep your Applicant Information secure.
Your Rights and Choices
You can choose which Applicant Information, if any, to submit to us. Submitting any Applicant Information is voluntary. If you choose not to submit Applicant Information, our ability to consider you as a candidate for a job may be limited.
You can contact us to ask us to correct or archive/erase your personal data.
Changes to this Notice
We may change this Notice from time to time and will post any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Notice or if you wish to revise or deactivate your candidate profile at any time, or have your personal data removed, please contact us in writing at DPO@IFF.com.
Our EEA Supplemental IFF Website Privacy Statement
SCOPE OF NOTICE
International Flavors and Fragrances Inc. and its affiliates (“IFF” or “We”), including Lucas Meyer Cosmetics Canada Inc., Tastepoint Inc. and Columbia PhytoTechnology LLC (“Powderpure”), provide to residents of the European Economic Area this Supplemental Website Privacy Statement, which contains additional information for such residents to supplement the General Website Privacy Statement available at http://www.iff.com/site-services/privacy.
Legal bases for processing
We process your personal data on several different legal bases, as follows:
Based on necessity to perform contracts with you - we need to process your personal data to fulfil sample requests, answer questions and requests from you, and provide customer support.
Based on legitimate interests - we process personal data from you for security and safety; to detect and prevent fraud; to protect and defend the rights or property of others, or our own rights and interests; we consider your privacy interests in this regard and redact personal information to the largest extent practicable to avoid affecting your privacy rights.
Based on compliance with legal obligations - we may need to process your personal data to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process;
Based on your consent for tracking your activities in accordance with the IFF Cookie Policy.
USER’S RIGHTS
Visiting our site is voluntary.
You can contact us to obtain copies of your personal data. You can also ask us to correct or archive/erase your personal data by contacting us at law.department@iff.com. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority and a right to data portability. Where processing is based on consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time.
PROCESSING AND STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
We and our affiliates and service providers process and store your personal data on servers in the United States, which has not received an unqualified adequacy decision. We provide adequate protection for data by having entered into data processing agreements and data transfer agreements that include standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission. Such data processing agreements are available upon request by contacting law.department@iff.com.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with services, for legitimate business purposes, in accordance with contract, and where required or allowed under law.
The retention periods applicable to particular types of records are set out in the IFF Global Records Management Policy.
For more information, please contact us at: law.department@iff.com.
REPRESENTATIVE
International Flavors &Fragrances I.F.F. (Nederland) B.V. is International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., Lucas Meyer Cosmetics Canada Inc., Tastepoint Inc. and Columbia PhytoTechnology LLC’s representative in the European Union.
EFFECTIVE DATE AND CHANGES
This Supplemental Website Privacy Statement is effective 25 May 2018. We may make changes, including material changes, to the statement, from time to time. You should review the statement each time you visit our site to learn of any changes.
If you have questions about this statement, please contact us at law.department@iff.com.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Please also refer to the IFF Cookie Policy for details of the types of cookies IFF uses and the purposes for which the cookies and the data collected through them are used.
Our EEA Supplemental IFF Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Scope of NOTICE
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. ("IFF") provides to residents of the European Economic Area this Supplemental Job Applicant Privacy Notice, which contains additional information for such residents to supplement the Job Applicant Privacy Notice.
Legal bases for processing
We process your personal data on several different legal bases, as follows:
Based on your consent.
Based on legitimate interests - we process personal data from you for security and safety; to detect and prevent fraud; to protect and defend the rights or property of others, or our own rights and interests; we consider your privacy interests in this regard and redact personal information to the largest extent practicable to avoid affecting your privacy rights.
Based on compliance with legal obligations - we may need to process your personal data to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You can contact us to obtain copies of your personal data. You can also ask us to correct or archive/erase your personal data by contacting us at DPO.EAME@IFF.COM. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority and a right to data portability. Where processing is based on consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time. Submitting personal data in connection with a job application to us is voluntary, but without submitting personal data we may not be able to consider your job application.
PROCESSING AND STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
We and our affiliates and service providers process and store your personal data on servers in the United States, which has not received an unqualified adequacy decision. We provide adequate protection for data by having entered into data processing agreements and data transfer agreements that include standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission. Such data processing agreements are available upon request by contacting law.department@iff.com.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and other legitimate business purposes, in accordance with contract, and where required or allowed under law.  The retention periods applicable to particular types of records are set out in the IFF Global Records Management Policy.  For more information, please contact us at: law.department@iff.com.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
IFF’s data protection officer can be contacted at DPO@iff.com.
REPRESENTATIVE
IFF’s representative in the European Union is International Flavors &Fragrances I.F.F. (Nederland) B.V.
Our EEA Customer and Vendor Privacy Notice
PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are an individual representative of a current or prospective customer, supplier, vendor, service provider or other business partner of IFF or one of its affiliates residing in the European Economic Area, this privacy notice is issued to you by International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. or the affiliate that you do business with, including Lucas Meyer Cosmetics Canada Inc., Tastepoint Inc., Columbia PhytoTechnology LLC (“Powderpure”), as applicable.
DATA CATEGORIES COLLECTED AND PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
You may provide to us, or we may collect about you, contact information (name, business address), professional information, data related to purchasing and selling products and/or services, and any other commercial interactions, and data concerning related IT support and technology requests. We process this data to be able to do business with you and contact you about business opportunities. Any data that you do not provide to us directly is either collected from publicly available sources such as company websites or professional networking sites or provided by another business professional in your field.
Legal bases for processing
We process your personal data on several different legal bases, as follows:
Based on necessity to perform contracts with you - we need to process your personal data to fulfil sample requests and orders, answer questions and requests from you, and provide customer support.
Based on legitimate interests - we process personal data from you for security and safety; to detect and prevent fraud; to protect and defend the rights or property of others, or our own rights and interests; we consider your privacy interests in this regard and redact personal information to the largest extent practicable to avoid affecting your privacy rights.
Based on compliance with legal obligations - we may need to process your personal data to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You can contact us to obtain copies of your personal data. You can also ask us to correct or archive/erase your personal data by contacting us at law.department@iff.com.
You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority and a right to data portability. Having a business relationship with us is voluntary, but it may be impossible to work with you without processing some personal data about you such as your contact information.
PROCESSING AND STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
We and our affiliates and service providers process and store your personal data on servers in the United States, which has not received an unqualified adequacy decision. We provide adequate protection for data by having entered into data processing agreements and data transfer agreements that include standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission. Such data processing agreements are available upon request by contacting law.department@iff.com.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with services, for legitimate business purposes, in accordance with contract, and where required or allowed under law.
The retention periods applicable to particular types of records are set out in the IFF Global Records Management Policy.
For more information, please contact us at: law.department@iff.com.
REPRESENTATIVE
International Flavors &Fragrances I.F.F. (Nederland) B.V. is International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., Lucas Meyer Cosmetics Canada Inc., Tastepoint Inc. and Columbia PhytoTechnology LLC’s representative in the European Union.
Explore our Policy Center
IFF Inc. @IFF
@IFFinc on Instagram
Blog
10/16/20The Future of Fragrance Challenge: Creativity Unbound with IFF, ISIPCA & RCA
Read more..
06/17/20IFF Lauds U.S. Supreme Court Ruling Upholding Employment Rights for LGBTI+ Workers
Read more..
LinkedIn,opens in a new window
Twitter,opens in a new window
Facebook,opens in a new window
Instagram,opens in a new window
YouTube,opens in a new window
Press Releases
View all
Sustain
At the heart of IFF is our focus on forging new possibilities for a regenerative, healthy and abundant world.
Explore our 2019 sustainability report
Slavery & Human Trafficking Statement
Stock Information
$
(%)
Data provided by Nasdaq.
Minimum 15 minutes delayed.
Share Price Center
Customer Support
Site Map
Privacy
© 2020 by International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. IFF is a Registered Trademark. All Rights Reserved.