http://www.acrison.com/acrison/about/privacy-statement/
About
About
Corporate Profile
Acrison International
Privacy Statement
Legal Notice
Lab Demo & Customer Training
Volumetric Feeder Videos
Other Equipment Videos
HomeAboutPrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Acrison, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ('Policy') embodies our commitment to its protection through adherence to fair electronic information practices.
This Policy puts you, the individual, in control of how your personal information is processed. You have our promise that we will not electronically process your personal information in any way that is incompatible with this Policy.
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy.
This Privacy Policy protects your privacy by:
The types of personal information we collect about you through our Web sites;
How it collects that information;
The general purposes for which it collects such information;
The types of organizations to which it discloses the information;
The choices and means by which individuals may limit its use and disclosure.
Empowering you to choose:
Whether and how certain personal information you provide is used (where such use is unrelated to the uses for which you originally disclosed it); and
Whether and the manner in which a third party uses certain personal information you provide (where such use is unrelated to the uses for which you originally disclosed it).
Assuring you that Acrison, Inc.:
Takes reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction;
Implements reasonable policies and procedures to ensure that personal information is kept only for the purposes for which it has been gathered;
Uses reasonable measures to ensure that we have accurately and completely recorded the personal information you have provided; and
Provides you reasonable access to your personal information as well as procedures for correcting or modifying that information where appropriate.
Ensuring accountability
Only those Acrison, Inc. employees that have a legitimate business purpose for accessing and handling personal information obtained by us are given authorization to do so. The unauthorized access or use of such information by an Acrison, Inc. employee is prohibited and constitutes grounds for disciplinary action.
Notification of Changes
We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy 30 days before their effective date so you will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. You are responsible for periodically checking our web site for changes to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes. You may opt-out of any posted change to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by sending an e-mail to webmaster@acrison.com.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact webmaster@acrison.com
Definitions
In these terms and conditions:
'This website' means our presence on the Internet;
'our', 'we' and 'us' means Acrison, Inc. and, where applicable, its officers, employees and authorized agents; and
'you' and 'your' refer to any individual, company or business (whether registered by us as an investor or not) to whom we provide Services by means, including but not limited to, telephone, face-to-face contact, postal correspondence, electronic mail or via our website www.Acrison.com hereon referred to as the website.
Cookie Policy
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The list below describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete the cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information.We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.