http://www.moonvalleyrusticfurniture.com/privacy.asp
Rustic Recipies |
Testimonials | Our Blog | Contact | Dealer Login
313-766-4950
ABOUT US
F.A.Q.
PRODUCTS
ACCESSORIES
DEALERS
WHY MOON VALLEY
CONTACT US
Our Privacy Policy
How We Use Your Information
Moon Valley Rustic Furniture is committed to protecting your online privacy
while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable web experience possible.
While you can use many features of the Moon Valley Rustic Furniture website
anonymously, you may be asked to provide personal information so that we can
better customize the content for you.
Moon Valley Rustic Furniture will not sell any of your personal information
to any third party. The information that you provide on this site is for the
use of Moon Valley Rustic Furniture only!
Obtaining Your Consent
If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address,
or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or
guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law.
Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you
are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances we disclose it.
Tell Us What You Think
Moon Valley Rustic Furniture welcomes your questions and comments about our
privacy policy. Please send e-mail to moonvalleyadmin@moonvalleyrustic.com.
Make Sure It's Authentic
There are some copy cats out there.
Learn how to make sure your furniture is authentic.
Frequently Asked Questions
What about cracks in the cedar?
All of our hand-crafted furniture is built with pride by our skilled craftsmen.
You may notice a range of natural ... Read More
What do I need to do to assemble my product?
You can click here to download instructions on how to assemble our products.
How do I take care of my furniture?
All varnished outdoor Moon Valley products should be lightly sanded
and re-finished after the first season, depending ... Read More
We Proudly Accept
Pay Securely Online With PayPal
Download Assembly Instructions
Log Bedroom Furniture |
Log Canopies Furniture |
Log Furniture Covers Furniture |
Log Kitchen Furniture |
Log Living Room Furniture |
Log Picnic Tables Furniture |
Log Swings Furniture |
Log The Classics Furniture |
Log Varnish &
Stain Furniture |
copyright © 2007 - 2020
Moon Valley Cedar Works.
About Us | News | F.A.Q. | Products | Dealers |
Privacy
Policy
Contact Us Today at 313-766-4950
Digital Marketing Provided By Digital Marketing Agency 3Sixty Interactive