http://www.arrow-display.co.uk/privacy
Work
About Us
News
Contact Us
Privacy
PrivacyThe Company’s privacy policy sets out how Zee Design processes personal data. This privacy policy only relates to personal data collected by Zee Design via the Zee Design website.THE DATA PROTECTION ACT 1998The Zee Design website complies with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. Any personal data collected by Zee Design is used in accordance with data protection legislation.PERSONAL INFORMATIONPersonal information provided to Zee Design via the Zee Design website will be collected through the completion of forms and e-mails and other similar situation. This data will be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested information for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law. Your personal details will never be made available to any third parties. Data will only be retained for as long as necessary to complete.CONSENTBy providing personal data to Zee Design, users consent to the processing of such data by Zee Design as described in this privacy policy.RIGHT OF ACCESS AND CORRECTIONUsers can, at any time, review or amend their personal data by sending an email to info@zeedesign.com. You also have the right to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data by sending an email to info@zeedesign.com.USE OF COOKIESCookies are small text files that are stored in the visitor’s local browser cache. Using such cookies it is possible to recognize the visitor’s browser in order to optimize the website and simplify its use. Data collected via cookies will not be used to determine the personal identity of the website visitor. Most browsers are set up to accept these cookies automatically. However, you can manage your cookie settings in your browser yourself. You can find out how to do this on the Your online choices websiteSECURITYZee Design holds your personal data in accordance with the security provisions of the Data Protection legislation.THIRD PARTY SITESThis privacy policy applies solely to the personal data collected by Zee Design and does not apply to third party websites users may access from this website. The Company is not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites. The Company advises users to read the privacy policies of other websites before registering any personal data. Zee Design retains the right to make occasional changes to this privacy policy when necessary.