http://www.airfoilpr.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
At Airfoil Public Relations, Inc. (“Airfoil”, “Airfoil Communications”, “Airfoil Digital”, “Airfoil Group”, “we”, “our”, “us”), we are committed to protecting the privacy of information you provide to us.  This policy provides you with details on the information we collect from you and the uses we make of your personal information. If you do not want us accessing and/or using your personal information as described herein, please do not provide us with any. This policy may be updated from time to time without prior notice, so please check back periodically. If you continue to visit airfoilgroup.com (the “website”) and utilize the services made available to you after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
Notice of Information Collected
When visiting this website, non-personally identifiable information about your browser type, operating system, IP address, and the domain from which you came are collected. In addition, we also collect information about your browsing behavior at this site. However, except for what you voluntarily submit to us, we do not collect any personally identifiable information. Except as otherwise stated herein, any personally identifiable information that you give to us will only be used to respond to you.  Our website does not respond to or honor any web browser “do not track” signals or similar mechanisms.
Personally Identifiable Information
We consider any information that could reasonably be used to identify you as “personally identifiable information”.  Any combination of data that could be used to identify you, such as your birthdate, your zip code and your gender are not collected.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
As mentioned above, when you access or use the website, using a cookie (see “Cookies” section below for more information on cookies), we may automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information such as IP address, web pages viewed, browser type, usage and browsing habits on the website and similar data.
Cookies: Cookies are bits of computer code that can be accessed by our computer when you visit our website. Cookies allow us to collect information about you so that your experience on our website will be as customized as possible. You can prevent cookies from being placed on your computer by accessing your browser’s Preferences or Internet Tools menu, in which case you may still use the website, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. You may also need to opt in (or opt out) again.  We do NOT use this cookie to collect or store personally identifiable information about you. However, the cookie is used to track information about how you interact with our website. It also allows our website to be customized to meet your interests. We reserve the right to disclose or utilize any of non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form, for any purpose, in our sole judgment.
[Other technologies: We also may collect data by using web beacons, clear gifs, pixel tags or similar means, which will tell us when you visit the website and allow us to anonymously track usage and other web activity information. Non-personal information like the areas of the website you visit, your operating system, your browser version, and the URL you visited from, can be identified, which can be used by us to enhance your online experience.]
How We Use Your Information and Who We Share It With
Except as set forth below, any information that we collect from you is solely for internal use and will not be sold, rented, or leased, exchanged, or given to other third parties without your advance consent. We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties if we believe that (i) you are interested in the service offerings or content of any such third party or event being sponsored by such third party or (ii) the law requires us to do so, or to protect our own property or the property of our affiliates. Additionally, in the event of a corporate restructuring (such as, a sale, merger or other asset transfer), we may share your personal information with a third party.  We may also share your information with any third party vendor who hosts our server or otherwise provides us with services used by us in the ordinary conduct of our business (e.g., cloud-based software). We do not authorize or allow third party websites to collect personally identifiable information for online behavioral advertising purposes from visitors of our website.
Protection for Children
We are very sensitive to the importance of children’s privacy. This website is not intended for, and we have no intention of collecting personally identifiable information from, children under the age of 13. If at any time in the future we plan to collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of [13], such collection and use shall be done in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and appropriate consent from the child’s parent or guardian will be sought.  When we become aware that personally identifiable information from a child under the age of [18] has been collected without such child’s parent or guardian’s consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Opt-Out
At any time, you may choose to unsubscribe or opt-out of email marketing provided by Airfoil by clicking on the link provided in our email communications to you or you can email us directly at opt-out@airfoilgroup.com and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt of your request. Please note that there might be a brief delay between when you submit your request to “opt-out” and when it is processed and reflected in our systems; accordingly you may continue to receive communications from us for a limited time after you unsubscribe. We appreciate your patience!
Communications with Airfoil
If you provide your email address to us, you are deemed to have expressly consented to receive email communications from us (opt-in). Any communication or material you transmit to us by email or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy with respect to information collected from you when you visit the website, anything you transmit to us may be used by us for any purpose, including but not limited to, disclosure, publication, broadcast and posting. You expressly agree that we are free to use any ideas, concepts or other know-how contained in any communication you send to us, including but not limited to, developing and marketing products and services using such information.
Security
Although we endeavor to protect the security of any personally identifiable information you provide to us, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that your information will be completely free from unauthorized access by third parties (such as hackers); and by using the website and submitting personally identifiable information to us, you assume this risk.
Changes
We will post any substantial changes in this privacy policy at least 30 days prior to the change taking effect. Any information collected under this current policy will remain bound by the terms of this privacy policy. After the changes take effect, all new information collected, if any, will be subject to the revised privacy policy.
Contact
If you have questions about this policy or feel that we have acted in violation of this policy, please contact webmaster@airfoilgroup.com or write to us at:
Airfoil Group
336 North Main Street
Royal Oak, MI 48067
248.304.1400
Miscellaneous
This Privacy Policy and our legal obligations hereunder are subject to the laws of the state of Michigan and the U.S.A., regardless of your location.  You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in New York, New York, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Services.
As of January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Code”) permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties which is used for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, to which Airfoil shall respond to the extent required by the Code, contact us at this email: webmaster@airfoilpr.com.
Your use of this website is governed by, and subject to, any other legal notices and disclaimers located on our website and is subject at all times to all such legal notices and disclaimers. Furthermore, your use and access of the website constitutes your agreement to be bound by the provisions contained in the Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy.