http://www.rims.org/legal
Legal Notice
Risk and Insurance Management Society, Inc.
Website Terms of UseI. INTRODUCTIONThis website ("Website") includes without limitation: (a) www.RIMS.org, www.rmmagazine.com, community.rims.org, and other on-line services accessible via the Website (collectively the "Services"); (b) information such as technical, contractual, product, program, pricing, marketing, practice resources and other valuable information ("Information"); and (c) content such as data, text, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, or other materials ("Content"). The Risk and Insurance Management Society, Inc. ("RIMS") controls and operates its websites from various locations and makes no representation that this Website is appropriate or available for use in all locations. If You are using the Website, You represent and warrant that You are authorized to accept these Terms.II. USERSTYPES OF USERSPlease be aware that certain activities on this Website, are available only to persons who are covered under a paid membership or trial subscription agreement with RIMS.USERNAME AND PASSWORDYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your username, whether or not authorized by You. You agree to immediately notify RIMS of any unauthorized use of your username and password.YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND CONDUCTIn consideration of Your use of the Website, You agree to: (a) maintain and promptly update any information You provide to RIMS, to keep it accurate, current and complete; and (b) accept all risks of unauthorized access to the information.You are entirely responsible for all Content that You upload, post or otherwise transmit via the Website. You agree not to upload, post or otherwise transmit via the Website Content that: (a) is inaccurate, harmful, obscene, pornographic, defamatory, racist, violent, offensive, harassing, or otherwise objectionable to RIMS or other users of the Website; (b) includes unauthorized disclosure of personal information; (c) violates or infringes anyone's intellectual property rights; or (d) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment. RIMS reserves the right to edit or remove Content that violates these Terms or that contains third-party commercial advertisements.You agree that You will not use the Website to: (a) transmit spam, bulk or unsolicited communications; (b) pretend to be RIMS or someone else, or spoof RIMS' or someone else's identity; (c) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers (including URLs) in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Services; (d) misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (e) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to use the Website; (f) engage in activities that would violate any fiduciary relationship, any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law, including but not limited to attempting to compromise the security of any networked account or site, stalking, or making threats of harm; or (g) collect or store personal data about other users unless specifically authorized by such users.You understand and agree that RIMS may, at its sole discretion, repurpose any Content that You contribute to the Website. You further understand and agree that if a third party claims that any Content that You have contributed to the Website is unlawful, then You will bear the burden of establishing that the Content complies with all applicable laws. RIMS reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to (a) remove any Content from the Website and (b) block access to the Website.III. SITE USEACCESS AND USEAll materials contained in this Website are protected by international trademark and copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes. This means that you may only view or download material from this website for your own use and you must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the downloaded material.The reproduction, duplication, distribution (including by way of email, facsimile or other electronic means), publication, modification, copying or transmission of material from this Website is STRICTLY PROHIBITED unless you have obtained the prior written consent of RIMS or unless it is expressly permitted by this Website. The material covered by this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos, photographs, audio or video material or stills from audiovisual material available on this Website. The use of materials from this Website on any other web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. Requests for permission to reproduce or distribute materials found on this Website can be made by contacting webmaster@RIMS.orgIV. AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICESWhile RIMS will make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the Services are available at all times, RIMS does not guarantee, represent or warrant that your access to any of the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free. In addition, while RIMS makes reasonable efforts to ensure that all Content and/or information submitted by you to RIMS will be secure, RIMS does not guarantee that the Services will be free from loss, corruption, attack, viruses, "worms", "Trojan horses" or other harmful components, or from interference, hacking or other security intrusions. RIMS may change, suspend or discontinue any of the Services at any time. RIMS may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain features or portions of the Services, in any case without notice or liability.V. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITESRIMS' website may contain links to other sites. These sites are not controlled by RIMS and RIMS is not responsible for nor does it endorse any content contained on any such website. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible the privacy practices employed by other sites. As with our site, you should become familiar with any external party's privacy policy when visiting that site.VI. ADVERTISEMENTS AND PROMOTIONSRIMS runs advertisements and promotions from third parties on the Website. Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than RIMS found on or through the Website, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between You and such advertiser. RIMS is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such non-RIMS advertisers on the Website.RIMS periodically records emails and other communications on this web site for quality control purposes.VII. PRIVACY POLICYRIMS will not release any member's or non-member's information without their explicit authorization. User privacy is protected in accordance with the respective user preferences, as indicated when a user sets up an account, in the MyProfile section.VIII. GENERAL DISCLAIMER FOR ON-LINE GLOSSARYThe Glossary is an online open-account collaborative encyclopedia, that is, a voluntary association of individuals and groups working to develop a common resource of risk management knowledge. The structure of the project allows anyone with an Internet connection and a RIMS password to alter its content. Please be advised that nothing found here has necessarily been reviewed by people with the expertise required to provide you with complete, accurate or reliable information.RIMS cannot guarantee the validity of the information found here. The content of any given definition may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the risk management field.None of the contributors, sponsors, administrators, or anyone else connected with the Glossary in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages.IX. EMAIL DISCLAIMER NOTICEAny e-mail and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received an e-mail in error please notify the system manager. This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy the e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this by mistake and delete it from your system. If you are not the intended recipient you are notified that disclosing, copying, distributing or taking any action in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited.