http://www.keacampers.com/helpful-guides/how-to-guides
Welcome to KEA Helpful Guides Are you looking for some information?
Maybe you are thinking about buying your first motorhome or maybe you want to learn more about solar power systems?Our helpful guides are here to help you buy and maintain your recreational vehicle, choose the right accessories and keep you informed about what is happening in the bustling motorhome industry.
We've also prepared some travel inspiration for you to try with your family and friends together.
Happy reading!
Recent GuidesTopics Buyer's guides Travel Inspiration How To Guides
LATEST Keeping the Water Flowing Author: Kea Team Date Posted: 8th October 2020 Having a healthy supply of fresh water when you are on the road is essential for the use of your modern conveniences, including the kitchen sink, bathroom and shower. Knowing how to get hot water, monitor your water levels and fill your tanks should be on every RV owner’s list of things to do before you set off. Here are a few handy tips to make sure you have fresh running water whenever you need it.Read More
Knowing how to power your motorhome Author: Kea Team Date Posted: 8th October 2020 Understanding what kind of power you need to drive your motorhome and to operate all its features can be confusing. Here, we break it down into simplified way, so you know how ensure you stay charged up throughout your holiday.Read More
Driving a Motorhome 101 Author: Kea Team Date Posted: 8th October 2020 So, you’ve purchased your motorhome or signed the rental agreement on the dotted line and you’re raring to go! There’s nothing quite like the sensation of having a home on wheels and the freedom to go wherever you please. But, for first timers, there are a few basics worth noting.Read More
Operating the Toilet in Your Motorhome Author: Cathy Anderson Date Posted: 8th October 2020 One thing that decidedly sets the motorhome lifestyle apart from other forms of mobile travel and camping is the creature comforts that come with it, and on top of that list is the toilet. Most larger motorhomes come with an ensuite, and this is often the deciding factor for buyers to step up from a campervan.Read More
RV Awnings, Choice, Care & Maintenance Author: Malcom Street Date Posted: 8th October 2020 One of the most practical developments in RVs over the past few decades is the retractable awning. Older RVers may remember the heavy canvas awnings that had to be dragged along the roof via a sailtrack - they were heavy, especially when wet, and definitely not fun in the wind! But retractable awnings, once seen as optional extras, are essentially standard kit these days, and have revolutionised the way we live in - and outside of - our RVs.Read More 1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
...