http://www.acfilter.com/air-filter-customer-service/#privacyPolicy
Skip to content
1-800-322-9919Monday – Friday 8 AM – 4 PM (Pacific Time)Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new window
Home ProductsStandard Air Filters Custom Air Filters Air Filter Cleaner Home Air Purifiers Other Filters
Shop ProductInformationWhat is a Permanent Electrostatic Air Filter? How to Choose Your Electrostatic Air Filter Max Fogger User Guide Cleaning Your Air Filter UVC Max 25 Installation Kool Wrap Installation
CustomerServiceShipping Information How to Track My Order Limited Lifetime Warranty Return Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us About
FAQs ContactUs
Customer Service
At Air-Care, we make every effort to provide you with the best online shopping experience possible. To help make that happen, we are available to answer your questions from 8:00 am – 4:00 pm (Pacific Time), Monday – Friday.
Call us at 800-322-9919 if you have questions regarding our products, our website, your order status, or anything at all. We will make it our priority to find you the help you need.
Shipping Information
• Shipping for all filters is FREE!!
• Shipping for C.E.F. and UOK is a flat rate of $9.99.
• All products are shipped via FedEx Ground.
• You will receive tracking information by email.
• All orders are made to order and are shipped within 1-5 business days of order.
• All orders are shipped directly from our manufacturing facility in Las Vegas, NV. Shipping days in transit will vary depending on your location in the U.S. View map to estimate time in transit.
Limited Lifetime Warranty
Air-Care warrants its filter to be free from defects in material and workmanship, to the original purchaser, for the life of the unit in which it is installed. If an air filter is determined to be defective in materials or workmanship, it will be repaired or replaced without charge to the customer.
For claims under this warranty, defective filters should be returned to the place of purchase along with proof of purchase, an explanation of the defect, and shipping charges prepaid. This limited warranty covers materials and workmanship only and shall not apply to any air filter which has been modified or altered in any way, or which has been subject to misuse, excessive heat, exposure to ultraviolet, or improper installation. Customer disassembly of the filter will void this warranty.
Other than this written warranty, there are no other warranties expressed, implied, or otherwise made regarding the merchantability or fitness of this product for a particular use. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may have other legal rights which vary from state to state.
How Can I track my Order?
Upon successful completion of your order, we will email you tracking information for your package. Please allow 1-5 business days for the tracking information to be updated for your order. If you don’t receive tracking information 5 days after your order was placed, call us at 888-702-1401 and we will update you on your order status.
Return Policy
We guarantee 100% satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied with your filter, you can return it for a full refund within 30 days of receipt. The filter must be returned in new or like new condition.
If the filter you receive is damaged, we will file a claim with the delivery company and ship a new filter to you. Please keep the damaged filter so the shipping company can verify damages if needed.
If you need to make changes to an order, please call us at 800-322-9919 as soon as possible. Once your order goes into production, we are unable to modify it. We are unable to accept returns of custom sized filters due to the fact that they are made to your unique specifications. Please verify your custom sized filter measurements or call us if you have any questions.
Privacy Policy
Air-Care values the trust its customers’ place in the company. Accordingly, Air-Care adheres to the highest ethical standards in gathering, using and safeguarding customer information that is entrusted to the company. Air-Care does not rent, sell, or exchange personally identifiable information about its customers.
Air-Care takes reasonable efforts to ensure that the customer information it maintains is accurate, timely and secure. When credit card information is transmitted online, Air-Care uses industry standard security measures called SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
Air-Care will monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new technological developments that are designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy and security of customer information.
Didn’t Find the Answer?
Contact us with your customer service or product question and we’ll get back to you. Give us as much information as possible. Thank you!
Name (not required)
First
Last
Email*
Question or Concern*CAPTCHA
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Go to Top
AC Filter is closed to the public.To place orders please do so online or by calling 800.322.9919.All orders must be shipped, Will Call/Pickup is not available.