https://www.cablelynx.co.uk/privacy-policy/
01604 499691 sales@cablelynx.co.ukHomeNewsCareersPrivacy PolicySummary If you are browsing our website, we will not collect any personal information about you. This website only collects data that you enter into the website, i.e. via submitting a form. We do not have any mailing list subscriptions and will not retain any information for this use.Like most websites, we utilise cookies to gather information about usage and the performance of our website. All information, other than your IP address is anonymous. We analyse this information, in order to improve our website content and performance.This Privacy Notice contains important information about our processing and your rights. The following details what data we process, why, how and your rights. The Company This Privacy Notice applies to personal data collected through the website www.cablelynx.co.ukThis Privacy Notice is provided by Cablelynx Ltd (‘we’ or ‘us’). We are the ‘ data controller’ for the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 as introduced on 25/05/2018. How to Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Notice or how we handle your personal data, please contact: Contact: Corinne CollinsAddress: 79 Tenter Road, Moulton Park, Northampton NN3 6AXEmail: corinne@cablelynx.co.uk  Amendments to the Privacy Notice We may amend this Privacy Notice without notice, so you are advised to check the Notice to make sure you are aware of the most recent version for when you visit the site. What Personal Data Do We Collect and Why?Visitors If you are simply browsing our website, the only data we will be collecting is your IP address, through the use of cookies. This information is with regards to your usage of our website, i.e. flow behaviour & page timings. Its is purely for statistical use and not your individual usage of the website.This information is used  to monitor and improve the website content, services and SEO performance.Information You Submit We process personal information about you such as your name, company name, email address, phone number and any further information you provide. This is submitted via the enquiry form or email submissions and is used in order to respond to the enquiry.Marketing Emails We do not have any marketing subscriptions or use any data collected for this purpose.Sensitive Personal Data Provided by You We do not collect any sensitive personal data about you.Personal Information About Other Individuals If you provide us with information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has agreed to its use. How is Using Your Personal Data Lawful? We are permitted to process your personal data on the basis that it is in our legitimate interests to:Use personal data in order to serve our customer requests, complaints and enquiries. For existing customers, we may add information about the enquiry, complaint or request to our existing records that we hold about you, in order to improve our customer service.Monitor our website use in order to make improvements. We use accumulated data to do this, so this has no impact on your privacy.You have the right to object to the processing of your data of any of the above legitimate interests. Who Has Access to Your Personal Data? We use service providers to run our website such as website hosting and enquiry functionality, in the same way other companies do. Service providers may and will process your data as part of the service they give us. We take measures to ensure that our service providers treat your data lawfully, securely and only in accordance with our contract with them. We use google services for our website analysis, their privacy notice can be viewed here. How do we keep your data secure? We employ industry best practices for protecting our IT environment and implement applicable technical and organisational measures in order to protect your personal data against unauthorised processing, loss, misuse or disclosure. We intend on ensuring that these measures and levels of security are appropriate to protect your personal data. This includes our website being a secure (https) website so that the data you enter in your browser is encrypted before being sent to our server. The data submitted in forms is automatically e-mailed to us by our server. These e-mails are sent using ‘Opportunistic TLS’ which means an attempt is made to send the e-mail in an encrypted form. However this is not always successful and we cannot guarantee that the e-mail will be encrypted. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. How we use cookies Cookies are small files which ask permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question. Deletion Of Data The table below provides further information regarding how long we will process your data.Processed DataHow Long Data Will Be Held Cookies / analytics dataWe use ‘session’ cookies, which expire when the browser is closed and ‘persistent’ cookies, that expire after 2 years, unless removed within the browser.Information from an enquiry form /Email submissionsUntil the completion of the enquiry and no further responses are received for a reasonable period. For existing customers, the enquiry may be added to existing information that we hold about you as a customer.Complaints dataA period of up to 6 years after resolution completion. For existing customers, the complaint and its resolution may be added to other information that we hold about you as a customer. Your Rights As a data subject, you have the following legal rights:The right to access personal data relating to youThe right to amend any mistakes in your information The right to prevent your personal data being processed in certain circumstances The right to object to processing of your data where it is being processed on the grounds of ‘legitimate interests’ The right to the removal of your data in certain circumstances  If you would like to exercise the above rights, please contact us with the details stated under ‘How to Contact Us’.We will aim to respond to any rights that you exercise within 1 month of receiving your request. However, if the request is particularly complicated, we will respond within three months.Please be aware that certain exceptions apply to some of these rights, in accordance with the law. Complaints to the Regulator You should let us know as soon as possible, if you consider that we have not processed your data in accordance with this Privacy Notice. You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. Information about how to do this is available at www.ico.org.uk.Phone:01604 499691E-mail:sales@cablelynx.co.ukAddress:Cableynx Ltd79 Tenter RoadMoulton ParkNorthamptonNorthamptonshireNN3 6AX UKPrivacy policyTerms of website use
MAKE AN ENQUIRY