https://www.tportho.com/privacy-and-legal/
Privacy and Legal
Loaf   |   breadcrumb   |   trail
Privacy and Legal
Privacies/Legalities
At TP Orthodontics, we guard your personal information as zealously as our own. When you visit a T.P. Orthodontics website, you can be assured that your confidential information will remain private and not be shared with anyone without your permission.
Credit card information for web orders is protected by 128-bit encryption to and from the servers and web browser. Credit card numbers are not stored in our database. Once the information is transmitted for processing, we use even stronger encryption in the back end to transmit the request to our payment processor to verify the credit card and place an authorization for the order total.
TP Orthodontics complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. TP Orthodontics has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view TP Orthodontics’ certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/
T.P. Orthodontics websites do not collect personally identifiable information unless such information is voluntarily provided by a user. We will not disclose your individual identity or personally identifiable information without your prior consent except as required by law.
Information tracked is primarily used to improve and update the site and to provide site-traffic data, and is only made available on an aggregate basis for the sole purpose of providing information to the creators of this website. Voluntarily disclosed personally identifiable information may be used to respond to individual email requests.
This policy does not protect information you post to any online bulletin board, chat service, links to other websites or other public forum within our site. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information (e-mail address, medical conditions, etc.) on bulletin boards or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other participants or parties.
These pages also state the Terms and Conditions under which you may use the website. By accessing TPORTHO.COM, you are accepting and agreeing to be bound, without limitation or qualification, by these Terms. TP Orthodontics, Inc. may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms at any time by updating this page. You are bound by any such changes or revisions and should therefore visit this page periodically to review all Terms and Conditions.
Equal Employment Opportunity
It is our policy to avoid discrimination in all our relationships with employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, physical handicap, national origin, marital status, ancestry or medical condition unless that condition pertains to the specific work requirements of a position.
TP Orthodontics intends to adhere to the requirements of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and Age Discrimination Law of 1968, and to all other legislation having to do with equal employment opportunities. We do not practice, nor will we tolerate, any form of discrimination, either in compliance with the law or as a matter of principle. We have informed our sources of manpower supply and our management personnel of our firm policy of nondiscrimination.
TP Orthodontics believes in the freedom of opportunity for every individual to work at a job for which he or she qualifies. The Company will ensure that hiring, promoting, and transferring decisions are determined on the qualifications of the candidate. Other personnel actions such as compensation, benefits, discipline, terminations, layoffs, recall from layoffs, training, and recreational activities also will be administered without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, handicap, national origin, or marital status.
Information Collection
The TPORTHO.COM website may, at any course in time, ask users to enter contact information (such as their e-mail address), general information (like their city and state), and demographic information (such as their zip code, age, etc.). The contact information is used for sending users e-mailed information or printed brochures on TP products that are requested by the user. We will never send unsolicited emails.
Putting a link to TPORTHO.COM on your web site
If you’d like to directly link TPORTHO.COM from your homepage please feel free to do so. We love it when people add TPORTHO.COM to their list of favorites or Bookmark our website! Please understand that, like all other forms of media, certain legalities may apply. Please continue to review the information that follows.
TPORTHO.COM cannot be responsible for others who choose to link to us. Consequently, TP Orthodontics, Inc. is not and cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained on websites linked to TP Orthodontics’ web site.
Links from TPORTHO.COM to other websites
In connection with your use of the TP web site, TP may provide you links to other third party websites that are not owned, licensed, operated or controlled by TP and which contain content that is not owned, licensed or controlled by TP. This Agreement grants you no rights or licenses with respect to any Third Party Sites and you agree that your use of any such Sites shall be in accordance with any agreements or other governing rules applicable to those Sites. TP has no obligation to maintain or provide any Third Party Sites.
TPORTHO.COM may provide links solely as a convenience for our users and not an endorsement by TP Orthodontics, Inc. Occasionally, the web editor and staff will find a resource that is associated with the topics discussed within its website. We make these links of our own free will. If you see your website linked from TPORTHO.COM to your site and wish that the hyperlink be disconnected, please notify TP’s Web Editor immediately at INFO@TPORTHO.COM.
Copyright
All content included on TP Orthodontics’ website, such as text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips and software, is the property of TPORTHO.COM (TP Orthodontics, Inc.). Again, all content on this site is the exclusive property of TP Orthodontics and is protected by U.S. and International copyright laws. The content on this site can be used as an information resource for private / personal use. Any other use, including reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited. In general, TP Orthodontics, Inc. believes that people who make information available on the Internet do so with the expectation that such information will be widely and publicly available. If you intend to make use of any content accessed through TPORTHO.COM, we strongly recommend that you contact us first to obtain our permission for use at INFO@TPORTHO.COM. Or call us toll free at 1-800-348-8856.
© TP Orthodontics, Inc., All Rights Reserved.
Stay Informed
Sign up for our mailing list to receive updates on company news, events and product promotions.
Get Connected
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
WhatsApp