https://www.miuraboiler.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Click here to learn more about our COVID-19 action plan
Miura America Company, Ltd. Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last updated and is effective as of October 2, 2019.IntroductionMiura America Company, Ltd. (“Miura America,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through compliance with this website privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal data (as defined below) collected via Miura America’s website (collectively, “Our Website”). Unless specifically stated otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies solely to personal data that we gather or collect via Our Website.Please take a moment to review the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please note that certain features or services discussed in this Privacy Policy may not be offered or available on all of Our Website. By visiting any of Our Website, you are accepting the practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy.DefinitionsBelow, we have defined key terms that we use throughout this Privacy Policy.Personal Data.Personal Data refers to any information related to an identified or identifiable natural person. Personal Data is not limited to information that may individually identify you. Under the GDPR (defined below), there are special categories of Personal Data. These categories include Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, genetic data, biometric data that may identify you as a unique person, and data concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation (collectively “Special Personal Data”). All other data that may identify you as a natural person are “General Personal Data.” In this Privacy Policy, we use the general term “Personal Data” to refer to both Special Personal Data and General Personal Data, unless otherwise specified.GDPR stands for “General Data Protection Regulation.” GDPR is the European Union’s (“EU”) regulation on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, adopted by the European Parliament and the European Council on April 27, 2016, and current as of May 25, 2018. For additional information regarding GDPR, see Section 12 entitled “Additional Notices to European Union Residents and Other GDPR Data Subjects,” below.Data Subject.Under GDPR, a Data Subject is any living natural person whose personal data are processed.Processing means any operation that is performed on Personal Data, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, making available, combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.What Personal Data Does Miura America Collect About Me?In general, we avoid collecting your Personal Data. The following are some of the types of Personal Data that we do gather.Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us.You may provide Personal Data to us via Our Website when you do any of the following: (a) submit an inquiry using our “contact us” feature, (b) register an account, (c) subscribe to any of our newsletters or email lists, (d) submit an order, (e) respond to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes, or (f) submit other information to us via Our Website. Such Personal Data most often includes information such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, or credit or debit card number. You are under no obligation to provide such Personal Data. To learn more about how you can control the Personal Data that we receive from you, see Section 6 entitled “What are My Choices Regarding Use and Distribution of Personal Data,” below.Information We Automatically Collect.When you visit Our Website, we may automatically collect certain information related to your activities on Our Website (“Website Usage Information”). Website Usage Information may include such information as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your device operating system, your browser type, your devices’ unique device identifier, the address of a referring website, the path you take through Our Website, and other information about your session on any of Our Website. It helps us to improve Our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to (a) estimate our audience size and usage patterns, (b) store information about your preference, allowing us to customize Our Website according to your individual interests, speed up your searches, and (c) recognize you when you return to Our Website. While Website Usage Information is typically anonymous, if it is combined with your Personal Data in a manner that it is directly associated with your identity, we will treat it as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy. To collect Website Usage Information, we may utilize a variety of technologies including “cookies,” “Flash Cookies,” “Web Beacons,” and “embedded scripts” (as these terms are defined below), or other similar technologies.Cookies are data files placed on a web browser when you visit websites. They are sent to your device in order to personalize your experience on Our Website. Cookies enable us to recognize your device (i.e. mobile phone, laptop, etc.) and provide you with personalized features on Our Website. You may disable cookies using your browser’s preferences, but some features of Our Website may not function properly or may operate slowly if you do so. To learn more about how you can control Cookies, see Section 6 entitled “What are My Choices Regarding Use and Distribution of Personal Data,” below.Flash Cookies. Certain features of Our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on Our Website. Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser setting as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash Cookies, see Section 6 entitled “What are My Choices Regarding Use and Distribution of Personal Data,” below.Web Beacon. Pages of Our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is a programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with Our Website, such as which links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to Our Website, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.How Does Miura America Use Personal Data?We use Personal Data and the Website Usage Information collected from Our Website for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to the following:Providing You with Services.We use Personal Data to provide you with information, products, or services that you have ordered, requested, or agreed to receive from us; to process your registration with any of Our Website, including verifying that your email address is active and valid; and to process any applications, orders, payments, or changes to your account information.Communicating with You.We use Personal Data to communicate with you regarding information, features, products, services, or other offers that we believe may be of interest to you; to respond to your questions or other requests; and to conduct surveys.Understanding Our Website’ Visitors and Improving our Services and Our Website.We use Personal Data to improve Our Website, our services, and to customize your experience on Our Website. Similarly, the Website Usage Information, or other aggregated user statistics, as well as anonymous de-identified information derived from Personal Data we collect may be used by us in system administration, to help us understand the demographics and other information of visitors to Our Website, to enhance the performance of Our Website, or to report aggregate information to our business partners.Carrying Out our Obligations. We use Personal Data to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.Additionally, we use Personal Data for other purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy, or disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Data, or disclosed thereafter.With Whom Do We Share the Personal Data?We may share Personal Data that we collect on Our Website in the following situations:Our Subsidiaries or Affiliated Businesses.We may disclose the Personal Data we collect with our subsidiaries or affiliated businesses.Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf.We may share Personal Data with our agents and representatives who perform services on our behalf. These services include, but are not limited to, hosting or operating certain functions or features on Our Website; sending communications on our behalf, such as marketing emails; processing credit card and other payment transactions; fulfilling orders; analyzing data; providing marketing assistance; and providing customer service. While these third parties may have access to Personal Data in order to provide these services to us or to you on our behalf, they are permitted to access Personal Data only in accordance with our instructions.Buyer and Other Successor. We may share Personal Data with a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about Our Website users is among the assets transferred.Legal Requirements and Law Enforcement.We may also disclose Personal Data to comply with any court order, subpoena, discovery request, or other legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request. We may also disclose Personal Data if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required by law. Additionally, we may disclose Personal Data to verify or enforce compliance with our Terms of Use, other agreements or policies governing Our Website; or whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety of Miura America, Our Website’ users, or others. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may disclose Personal Data for any other purpose disclosed in this Privacy Policy, or disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Data, or disclosed thereafter.What are My Choices Regarding Use and Distribution of Personal Data?You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when Cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash Cookies setting visit the Flash player setting page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some features of Our Website may not function properly or may operate slowly if you do so.If you do not wish to have your contact information used by us to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by the order form that we designate or by sending us an email with your request to us.info@miuraz.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions.If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preference, you can opt-out by the order form that we designate or by sending us an email with your request to us.info@miuraz.com.Links and Advertisements.Our Website may contain advertisements or other links to third-party websites that we do not own or control. Miura America is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third-party website. Links or advertisements do not constitute or imply any review or endorsement of any non-Miura America site. You visit other sites at your own risk. Because other sites may collect, use, and distribute your Personal Data in manners different than Miura America, we recommend that you read the privacy statements of all third-party websites before submitting any Personal Data to those websites. They are not within our control.Consent to Transfer Personal Data to the United States.Our Website is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada, or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using any of Our Website or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer and processing of your information in the United States. If you are a Data Subject, please see additional notices in Section 12, entitled “Additional Notices to EU Residents and Other GDPR Data Subjects,” below.About Our Website’ Security.We have technical and organizational measures in place that are intended to safeguard and protect your Personal Data against unauthorized access, accidental loss, improper use, and disclosure. However, you should be aware that information transmitted over the internet is not completely secure because of the nature of the internet, and that systems and measures used to secure information are not flawless. For these reasons, although we will use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, including those mentioned above, we do not warrant the security of personal information transmitted to us or stored by us. Personal Data that is transmitted to us by you electronically is done at your own risk.Notice to Parents.Our Website are general audience websites. However, no one under age eighteen (18) may provide any Personal Data to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose any Personal Data from users younger than the age of eighteen (18). If you are under eighteen (18), do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features, make any purchase through the Website, or provide any information about yourself to us. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Data from a user younger than the age of eighteen (18), then we will make reasonable efforts to delete any such Personal Data collected. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that we might have any Personal Data from or about your child under the age of eighteen (18), please contact us at the information listed in Section 13 entitled “Contact Us and Additional Information,” below.Additional Notices to California ResidentsCalifornia Do-Not-Track Disclosure.At this time, Our Website are not set up to honor web browser do-not-track settings.Information on Marketing Disclosures.California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about their Personal Data (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.  If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of Personal Data that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with whom we shared such Personal Data in the immediately preceding calendar year.  To make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us at:Miura America Co., LTD. Attn: Website Data 2200 Steven B. Smith Blvd. Rockmart, GA 30153Content Removal Requests for Users Under 18 Years Old.If you are a user under 18 years of age and reside in California, you may request and obtain removal of content or information that you have posted on Our Website.  To do so, please submit your request by one of the following methods: (i) us.info@miuraz.com   or (ii) Miura America Co., LTD. Attn: Website Data 2200 Steven B. Smith Blvd. Rockmart, GA 30153. We will review the request and respond promptly. You should be aware that a request to remove content or information posted by you on Our Website does not ensure or require complete or comprehensive removal of such content or information from our databases.Additional Notices to EU Residents and Other GDPR Data SubjectsIn addition to the information provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, persons who are residents of the member countries of the EU, or other Data Subjects covered by GDPR have certain additional privacy rights. The following provisions of this Privacy Policy provide an overview of these additional rights and related information.Our Commitment.We embrace the approach to privacy protection reflected in the GDPR, giving our customers, vendors, and users a greater say in what happens with their Personal Data. Please contact our data protection officer: (i) us.info@miuraz.com   (ii) Miura America Co., LTD. Attn: Website Data 2200 Steven B. Smith Blvd. Rockmart, GA 30153, if you have any questions about any matters related to our GDPR compliance.Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data of EU Citizens or Other GDPR Data Subjects.When processing your Personal Data, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases (or other available legal grounds), depending on the circumstances:Legitimate Interest.We may process your Personal Data where we have a legitimate interest in such processing for managing, operating, or promoting our business, and where that legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms.We may process your Personal Data where we have obtained your consent to such processing.Contractual Necessity.We may process your Personal Data where such processing is necessary in connection with any contract that we have with you.Legal Requirements. We may process your Personal Data where such processing is required by applicable law.Disclosures to Third Parties.Your Personal Data will not be disclosed to third parties except where it is necessary for fulfillment of our obligations to you or where we are obliged or permitted to do so by law (including, without limitation, through the terms of any agreement we may have with you), or where we make disclosures that are otherwise consistent with the uses described in this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose any information (including Personal Data) relating to you to law enforcement authorities or any regulatory or government authority in response to any request including requests in connection with the investigation of any suspected illegal activities. We reserve the right to transfer any Personal Data we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, or merge with another organization. Should such a sale, transfer, or merger occur, we will use reasonable efforts seeking to require that the transferee uses Personal Data you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, resell, or lease your Personal Data to any third-parties but we may, if required for the purpose(s) for which your Personal Data was collected and processed, share it with our partners and/or service providers to enable them to provide their services to us or to you, as applicable. The foregoing are in addition to the other uses described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.Security of Personal Data of EU Citizens or Other GDPR Data Subjects.We have technical and organizational measures in place that are intended to safeguard and protect your Personal Data against unauthorized access, accidental loss, improper use, and disclosure. However, you should be aware that information transmitted over the internet is not completely secure because of the nature of the internet, and that systems and measures used to secure information are not flawless. For these reasons, although we will use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, including those mentioned above, we do not warrant the security of personal information transmitted to us or stored by us. Personal Data that is transmitted to us by you electronically is done at your own risk.Retention of Personal Data of EU Citizens or Other GDPR Data Subjects.Our policy is to retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected such Personal Data, including for the purposes of satisfying any professional, legal, accounting, or reporting requirements to which we are subject. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider the scope, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Data, the purposes for which we collected and processed your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and any applicable legal and professional requirements.Your Rights as a EU Resident or Other GDPR Data Subject.You have a number of rights concerning your Personal Data that we hold and use, including the following:Right of Access.You have the right to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and to a copy of this Personal Data.Right to Rectification.You have the right to have any inaccurate Personal Data that we hold about you updated or corrected.Right to Erasure.In certain circumstances, you may request that we delete the Personal Data that we hold about you.Right to Complain.You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding the processing of your Personal Data to an applicable governmental or supervisory authority in your country.Right to Withdraw Consent.Where processing of Personal Data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time.Right to Object.Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your Personal Data, you have the right to object to such use and we are required to discontinue such processing unless we can demonstrate an overriding legitimate interest in such processing.Right to Restriction.You have the right to request that we stop using your Personal Data in certain circumstances including if you believe that the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or that our use of your Personal Data is unlawful. If you validly exercise this right, we will store your Personal Data and will not carry out any other processing until the issue is resolved.Contact Us and Additional Information.We appreciate the trust that you, our customers, have placed in us and look forward to serving you in the future. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you feel that we are not following this Privacy Policy, please contact us (i) us.info@miuraz.com  (ii) 1-888-309-5574, or (iii) Miura America Co., LTD. Attn: Website Data 2200 Steven B. Smith Blvd. Rockmart, GA 30153.Changes to Our Website’ Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy to Our Website. Please check Our Website periodically to remain informed of any changes or updates to this Privacy Policy. We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of Personal Data in the past without the consent of our customers.Contact Customer CareHours:Monday – Friday 8:00AM to 5:00PM (EST)Call Us:1-888-309-5574Help Desk:Submit a requestContact Us
AboutProductsIndustriesNewsContact UsRep LocatorRequest a Quote
2200 Steven B. Smith Blvd. Rockmart GA 30153
2020 Pack Expo Connects
2020 Pack Expo Connects
Contact Miura today 678-685-0929 Contact UsNewsWork at MiuraRequest Water AnalysisPrivacy PolicyMiura America Warranty
Calendar 9-13Nov.
2020 Pack Expo Connects © 2020 Miura America Co., LTD.