http://www.apfcu.com/about-us/website-privacy-policy
About APFCU
Locations & ATMsOur StoryThe Credit Union DifferenceHoliday ScheduleMembershipCareersDisclosuresContact UsIn The Community
Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES AMERICAN PARTNERS FEDERAL CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and Date of birth
Account balances and Payment history
Credit History and Credit scores
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons American Partners FCU chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does American Partners FCU share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
No
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
No
To limit
our sharing
Call (toll free) 1-800-900-2729 or call the Reidsville, N.C. Main Office at 336-349-2729
Please note:
If you are a new member, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call (toll free) 1-800-900-2729 or call the Reidsville, N.C. Main Office at 336-349-2729
Page 2
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
AMERICAN PARTNERS FEDERAL CREDIT UNION
What we do
How does American Partners Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does American Partners Federal Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information for others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
We honor that request.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Other important information
For more information on our Privacy Policy, you may write us at P.O. Box 1198, Reidsville, NC 27323, or call us at 1-336-349-2729.
If you opt out and later wish to revoke your opt out election, please call the number above or write to us at the above address.