http://www.audiorelated.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy/
Home
About ART
Audio Service
Video Service
QSC
Sale
Technical Information
News
Contact Us
Privacy and Cookies Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Audio Related Technology Ltd and ART of Vinyl Ltd uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website or our services. This policy contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal data, and your rights in relation to your personal data and on how to contact us supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
In using personal data, we are regulated by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which applies across the European Union (including the UK). We are responsible as controller of your personal data.
Under GDPR, personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person by which such person can be identified.
Audio Related Technology Ltd and ART of Vinyl Ltd are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or other services, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Audio Related Technology Ltd and ART of Vinyl Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy was published in May 2018.
Who we are
Audio Related Technology Ltd and ART of Vinyl Ltd are both limited companies registered under company number 03917465 & 08482366 respectively whose registered offices are: Hardy House, Northbridge Road, Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire. HP4 1EF
Audio Related Technology Ltd and ART of Vinyl Ltd collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal data about you.
What we collect
We may collect the following personal data:
Your full name and title
Contact information including telephone number and email address
Demographic information such as address, postcode
Company Details if applicable
What we do with the personal data we gather
We require this personal data to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular, for the following reasons:
contact clients
keep track of jobs and services we offer
maintain our accounts and records
promote our services
undertake research
We may use your data to improve our products and services.
We may use your data to remind you of services due for your products.
We may occasionally send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your personal data to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Authority for use of personal data
In relation to general use of our website including marketing, advertising and promoting our services, we rely on your consent to processing of personal data at Article 6.1(a) of the GDPR.
In relation to performance of the contract or taking steps towards performance of a contract, we rely on Article 6.1(b) of the GDPR to justify use of your personal data.
During and after performance of your contract, we rely upon Article 6.1(c) of the GDPR as processing is necessary for us to comply with the legal obligation.
You can view the above mentioned Article by following this link.
https://gdpr-info.eu/art-6-gdpr/
Who we share your personal data with
We will share personal data with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
We will not share your personal data with any other third party.
How long your personal data will be kept
We will hold personal data for 12 months.
We will hold invoices and receipts for a period of 10 years as we are required to retain this information by applicable UK tax law.
Where we have obtained data by consent, we will hold data until you withdraw consent.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site.
Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
We do not do this to track individual users or to identify them, but to gain useful and generic knowledge about how the site is used so that we can keep improving it for our users. Without the knowledge we gain from the systems that use these cookies we would not be able to provide the service we do. We use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the site. It counts the number of visitors and tells us things about their behaviour overall – such as the typical length of stay on the site or the average number of pages a user views. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note we do not have any control of content or administration of these websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any personal data which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your rights
Under the GDPR you have a number of important rights free of charge. In summary, those include rights to:
Fair processing of information and transparency over how we use your use personal data access to your personal data
Require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
Require the erasure of personal data concerning you in certain situations
Have your personal data sent to you or transmitted to a third party at your request
Object to processing of your personal data for direct marketing
Object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
Object in some other situations to our continued processing of your personal data
Otherwise restrict our processing of your personal data in some circumstances
Controlling your personal data
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal data in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want your personal data to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal data for direct marketing purposes, youmaychange your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@audiorelated.com
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please write to Data Controller, Audio Related Technology Ltd or ART of Vinyl, Unit 5, Phoenix Business Centre, Higham Road, Chesham, Buchinghamshire. HP5 2AJ or email us at info@audiorelated.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any personal data found to be incorrect.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your personal data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal data we collect online. We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal data from being accidentally lost or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal data to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The GDPR also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or telephone: 0303 123 1113.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy notice or personal data we hold about you.
If you wish to contact us, please send an email to info@audiorelated.com or write to Data Controller, Audio Related Technology Ltd or ART of Vinyl Ltd, Unit 5, Phoenix Business Centre, Higham Road, Chesham, Buchinghamshire. HP5 2AJ
Enter your details below and we’ll call you back to discuss your requirement:
Call Me Back
Name
Email
Telephone
cforms contact form by delicious:days
© 2020 Audio Related Technology   Website Terms   Privacy & Cookies Policy   General Terms & Conditions   Warranty PolicyWeb Design by Ambrit