https://www.sugaronline.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
MEMBERSHIP AGREEMENT
1. These are the Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) for use of the website sugaronline.com (the “Site”) by you. Your use of the Site and any related websites or services is conditional on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. Failure to comply with these Terms may result in your Membership (see section Membership below) to be rescinded and your access to the Site restricted. Using the Site indicates your acceptance of these Terms.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
2. The content of sugaronline.com, the “Site”, including but not limited to the data, documentation, text and images and their arrangement (the “Content”), is subject to the copyright of Milecourt Limited (“Milecourt”), a company registered in England no. 4320136, whose registered office is at 56 Thornhill Square, London, N1 1BE.
3. “Sugaronline” and “Sugaronline.com” are trademarks of Milecourt.
AUTHORISATION OF USE
4. Milecourt grants you a personal, non-transferable right to access the Site and the Content of the Site for your own use subject to the restrictions of your Membership Levels (see below section “Membership”.
5. You agree that the Content will not be copied, rebroadcasted,. redistributed or disseminated in any way without obtaining the express written consent of Milecourt. Copies for personal use only are permitted, and when appropriate such copies must include attribution to the Site/Sugaronline and assertion of the copyrights of Milecourt.
MEMBERSHIP
6. You may become a Registered Member (“Member”) of the Site by providing us with registration information (“Registered Information”) including unique identifiers such as a username and password.
7. You are only permitted to operate a single Membership. Trial Membership accounts will be deleted at the end of a trial. It is your responsibility to ensure registration information provided to us is accurate; failure to do so may cause your Membership to be rescinded.
8. You agree that you will not allow or facilitate, either by neglect or intent, access to the Site or the Content by third parties by use of your Registered Information.
9. Access to Content is subject to the access rights that you have based on your Membership Level. Milecourt currently operates five Membership Levels: Starter, Pro, Exec, Trader and Trader+.
10. Access to Content at each Membership Level is entirely at the discretion of Milecourt and may be subject to change without notice.
11. Pro, Exec, Trader, Trader+ Memberships are subject to a minimum term of 12 months and Members will be liable for all fees and charges accrued over this term, including but not limited to Membership fees, exchange fees and bank charges.
12. Should the Customer not wish to renew this Agreement at the end of any agreed term as provided for in paragraph 10 notice of this must be given in writing on headed paper, signed and emailed to info@sugaronline.com 30 calendar days prior to the end of the current term. Scanned notices are acceptable.
13. Upon receipt of such notice this Agreement will cease at the end of the agreed term but without prejudice to any rights that Milecourt may have against the Customer under this Agreement in particular in relation to payments.
14. If no written notice under Clause 11 is given by the Customer to Milecourt this Agreement shall automatically renew and continue for a further term of 12 months and shall continue to do so every 12 months thereafter.
DISCLAIMER
15. Milecourt makes no representations about the reliability or quality of the Content for any purpose and no warranty is given as to the accuracy of the information contained on or accessed via the Site.
16. You must note that the Content has not been verified by Milecourt and may include inaccuracies and errors for which it takes no responsibility. It is your responsibility to verify any information before relying on it.
17. Milecourt may also make changes to the Content at any time without notice of said changes.
18. Under no circumstances shall Milecourt or any third party content providers be liable for any damages whatsoever including but not limited to any special, indirect, exemplary or consequential damages including loss of business, data or profits. , arising out of or in connection with the use, copying or display of the Content or the information accessed via this Site.
19. Decisions based on information contained on this Site are the sole responsibility of the User.
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
20. Some of the information provided on this Site and some of the sites listed as links and advertising (“Third Party Content”) are not under the control of Milecourt. Accordingly, Milecourt makes no representations whatsoever concerning the Third-Party Content. The fact that Milecourt has provided any information concerning another firm or corporation or its products or services is not an endorsement or recommendation by Milecourt of such information, products, services, its owners or its providers.
COOKIES AND PRIVACY
21. Milecourt uses “cookies” to gather information. These are small data files which are sent to your computer that record your actions on the site and are used to store your personal preferences, including your Username and password. After receiving your cookie your subsequent site visits for two hours will be recognised without the need to log in.
22. Members should read our Privacy Policy. This policy forms part of these terms and conditions by entering in to this Agreement you are consenting to and agreeing with the Privacy Policy.
Sugaronline Privacy Policy
OFFERS ARE NOT BINDING
23. It is not intended that the Content of this Site shall include any offer binding on Milecourt to provide any products or services and Milecourt is not bound to fulfil any offer to provide products or services which may be contained on this Site. Milecourt reserves the right to amend at any time offers, which are contained on this Site.
GOVERNING LAW/JURISDICTION
24. The Content and any dispute arising from the Content, Membership or these terms and conditions shall be governed by English law and such dispute shall be under the sole jurisdiction of the English Courts.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. To find out more about how we use cookies please see our Privacy Policy.OK