https://www.ukpayments.org.uk/website-privacy/
Careers
Contact
Our Story
What We Do
Our Clients
Privacy Notice: Visitors to our website
Introduction
Your privacy is important to us so we developed this privacy notice to explain how we manage and look after your information when you visit – www.ukpayments.org.uk
Who we are
We are UK Payments Administration Limited (UKPA), a London based company that provides services to organisations operating in the UK payments industry.
We can be found at:
2 Thomas More Square
London
E1W 1YN
You can contact us in the following ways:
by writing to the UKPA Risk & Compliance team at the above address
by emailing us at rrc@ukpayments.org.uk
by telephone on 020 3217 8565
How we use your information
When someone visits www.ukpayments.org.uk we do not collect personal data. Cookies are not used to collect information.
Transfer of personal data outside the European Union (EU)
As we do not collect personal information when you visit our website, we do not transfer any personal information outside of the European Union (EU).
Automated decision making including profiling
As we do not collect personal information when you visit our website, we are unable to make any automated decisions including profiling.
How long do we keep your data?
As we do not collect personal information when you visit our website, we do not retain any data.
Your rights
Data protection regulation gives you a number of rights regarding your personal information processed by us.
The right to be informed: our obligation is to provide you with details of how we process your information
The right of access: allows you to be aware of and verify the lawfulness of the processing
The right to rectification: allows you to request the data is rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete
The right to erasure: allows you to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing
The right to restrict processing: allows you to ‘block’ or suppress processing of personal data
The right to data portability: allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services
The right to object: you must have an objection on grounds relating to your particular situation
You can contact us directly by post, email, or telephone, to exercise your rights.
Complaints, requests, queries
If you want to make a complaint, request or query, about the way we have processed your personal information, you can contact us directly:
in writing: Risk & Compliance team, UK Payments Administration, 2 Thomas More Square, London, E1W 1YN
by email: rrc@ukpayments.org.uk
by telephone on: 020 3217 8565
Alternatively you have the right to lodge a complaint with the regulator which oversees data protection law:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113
Changes to this privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. Notifications of changes to this privacy notice will be via our website. This privacy notice was last updated in May 2018.
Our Story
Founded in 1985, UK Payments has over 30 years’ experience of successfully supporting a key element of the financial services sector – the payments industry.
Find out more
What We Do
We provide a comprehensive range of core support services and each of our teams has a broad and deep understanding of the payments and finance industry.
Find out more
Our Vision
Our vision of The Hub is as an outstanding environment in which to safely and effectively collaborate on industry issues and to resiliently deliver industry solutions.
Find out more
Read more about our vision of The Hub Find out more
Careers
|
Website Privacy
|
Terms of use
|
Accessibility |
Sitemap |
Modern Slavery Statement© 2018 UK Payments. UK Payments Administration Limited is an English company limited by shares under Company Number 01935025 and our registered address is 2 Thomas More Square, London, E1W 1YN. Website by Buzzword
Our Story
What We Do
Our Clients
Careers
Contact