http://www.legrand.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Cookie Settings
Home
Privacy notice
Privacy notice
1.       Introduction
1.1     We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users. Further additions to this policy may apply in accordance with individual contracts.
1.2     This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our customers and other stakeholders of Legrand Electric Ltd and is relevant to website, e-communications, purchase orders and account forms or any other medium where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3     In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Legrand Electric Limited. For more information about us, see Section 13.
2.       How we use your personal data
2.1     In this section we have set out:
(a)      the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)      in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)      the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)      the legal bases of the processing.
2.2      We require information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, ip address, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
2.3       We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, page views, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services. For further information on website usage, cookies etc see sections 8 to 12.
2.4     We may process your account data. The account data may include your name and email address. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent and legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.5     We may process profile data. The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address etc. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent and legitimate interest.
2.6     We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include requests for information and requests for training courses. The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent and legitimate interests.
2.7     We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent and legitimate interest.
2.8     We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is consent and legitimate interest.
2.9     We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest, namely the proper administration of our business.
2.10   We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email communications ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.11   We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.12   We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.13   We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.14   In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.15   Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us unless we prompt you to do so.
3.       Providing your personal data to others
3.1     We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2     We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
3.3     We may disclose your personal data to our selected suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us.
3.4     Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, such as Global Pay, or Credit Check agencies. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
3.5     We may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services identified on our website for the purpose of enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party's use of your personal data.
3.6     In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4.       International transfers of your personal data
4.1     In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
We share your personal information with other companies within the Legrand Group. At all times we will ensure that your personal information is protected, no matter which company in the Legrand Group holds that information.
4.2    We and our other group companies have offices and facilities in other countries. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to other countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
4.3     You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5.      Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1     This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2     Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3     We will retain your personal data for the following specified periods of time:
Recruitment records (unsuccessful candidates) – 12 months
Recruitment records (successful candidates) – 6 years after employment ceases
Potential customers – 1 year post campaign
Existing customers – 6 years after the end of the customer relationship
Contracts with sole traders and partnerships – 6 years after expiry or completion
Supplier details – 6 years after the end of the customer relationship
Purchasing history – 6 years after end of the customer relationship
Customer details – 6 years after the end of the customer relationship
Sales history – 6 years after the end of the customer relationship
5.4     Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6.       Amendments
6.1     We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2     You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy
7.       Your rights
7.1     In this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2     This policy will ensure that Legrand maintains the rights and freedoms of individuals as set out in European Regulation 2016/679 on the protection and freedoms of natural persons. Said rights are described below:
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
7.3     Right of access
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by contacting our Data Protection Officer (see section 14)
7.4     Right to rectification
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5     Right to erasure (the right to be forgotten)
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions to the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
7.6     Right to restrict processing
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7     Right to data portability
If a data portability request is applicable, Legrand will provide the personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
The information will be provided free of charge. A response to a request will be made without undue delay and within one month.
7.8     Right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)        consent; or
(b)        that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.9     Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling
If applicable Legrand will ensure that individuals are able to:
obtain human intervention;
express their point of view; and
obtain an explanation of the decision and challenge it.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to our Data Protection Officer (see section 14).
8.       About cookies
8.1     A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
8.2     Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3     Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9.       Cookies that we use
9.1     We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
10.     Cookies used by our service providers
10.1   Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
10.2   We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
11.     Managing cookies
11.1   Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)      https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)      https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)      http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)      https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)      https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)      https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
11.2   Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
12.     Website security
12.1    We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
12.2     Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
13.    Our details
13.1   This website is owned and operated by Legrand Electric Limited.
13.2   We are registered in England under registration number 00115834, and our registered office is at Great King Street North, Birmingham, B19 2LF.
13.3   You can contact us:
(a)      by post, to the postal address given above;
(c)     by telephone, on the contact numbers published on our website; or
(d)      by email, using the email addresses published on our website
14.     Data Protection Officer
14.1   Our Data Protection Officer's contact details are: Louise Middlemast, +44 (0) 121 515 0557, Great King Street North, Birmingham, B19 2LF, louise.middlemast@legrand.co.uk
Subscribe
Close
Register for News & Updates
For the latest updates from Legrand, simply complete your details below.