http://www.carolinafarmcredit.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Coronavirus update: How Carolina Farm Credit will continue to serve you
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
NOTICE: This is Carolina Farm Credit's general privacy policy. For information specific to the California Consumer Privacy Act, click here.
At Carolina Farm Credit we recognize your expectation of privacy and confidentiality of personal financial information when seeking the assistance of outside professionals to obtain credit. We have taken great care in establishing and implementing policies and procedures and have committed to an ongoing review of those policies and procedures to protect your personal and financial information.
Your privacy is a top priority in all aspects of our business. Our employees are informed of their responsibility to protect your confidential information and are governed by strict standards of conduct, which prohibit unauthorized use of your information. Security procedures and internal controls are also in place to protect your privacy.
On this site, we collect personally identifiable information (such as name, address, SSN) only if specifically and knowingly provided by you. We do not give, sell or transfer any personal information to third parties, unless required by law or under such other permissible purposes as set forth by regulation.
Information Collected & Stored Automatically
On our website, we collect and store information about your visit for security reasons, as well as for site research and enhancement. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits. Through the use of Cookies (a file placed on your hard drive by a Web site that allows it to monitor your use of the site), we automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
Your internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com") if you use a private Internet access account and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to our site from another Web site, the address of that Web site.
Information Collected from Emails & Web Forms
If you complete one of our interactive forms or submit an email through our website, your information will be used as described at the point of collection. It may be seen and used by Farm Credit employees, but will not be provided to a non-affiliated third parties. If you are not comfortable providing the requested information via email or web forms, please contact us by calling 800-521-9952, or by writing to us at Carolina Farm Credit, P.O. Box 1827, Statesville, NC 28687.
We will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Farm Credit limits the use and collection of all information to that which is necessary to maintain and administer financial services, provide excellent service, and offer new products and services that may be of benefit to you. If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our distribution list, please contact us at the number or address indicated above, or by sending email to: marketing@carolinafarmcredit.com.
We may use third party suppliers and/or service providers to facilitate our services. For example, we may outsource one or more aspects of our site to a supplier or service provider who performs services according to our requirements. In all cases we restrict how these suppliers or service providers may access, use or disclose your information. In general, we do not permit these suppliers or service providers to retain, disclose or sell your information to third parties.
Security, Intrusion, & Detection
Data encryption – If you are using a security-enabled browser (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer version 2.1 or greater, or Netscape Navigator version 2.0 or greater), the information you provide us is encrypted, making it extremely difficult to read, even if it is wrongly intercepted. Our website uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of potentially sensitive information such as your name and address and critically sensitive information such as your social security number or account number.
For Web site security purposes and to ensure that this site remains available to all users, traffic on the site is monitored to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on to this website are strictly prohibited, and may be punishable under the law.
Weblinking & Children’s Online Privacy Protection
Our privacy policy only addresses our activities from our web site. This web site is not directed at children nor do we collect any personally identifiable information from children. We may provide links to independent Web sites maintained by various federal agencies or other organizations, solely as a benefit to our customers. These other sites may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed by our policy. We do not endorse, approve or guarantee information, products, services, or recommendations provided at any of the sites to which we have provided links.
We are not responsible for the content or accuracy of any of these links sites nor are we responsible for any loss or damage of any sort resulting from the use of a link on any linked websites. We are not liable for any failure of products or services advertised or provided on these linked sites. We offer these links on an "as is" basis.
When you visit a linked website by using the link on our site, you will no longer be protected by our privacy policy or security practices. You should always familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and security practices of any website you visit.
You are about to leave the Carolina Farm Credit website. Carolina Farm Credit is neither responsible for nor do we control, endorse or guarantee the content, products and/or services of the subsequent pages. The linked site may have a different privacy policy or provide less security than our website. We recommend that you review these policies on the linked site. Thank you.
Sitemap