http://www.dumasltd.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Skip to content
Automotive
Cholesterol
Hobbies
Live healthy
Strength
Education
Appliances
Dating
Baby
Privacy policy
Mark Thompson operates dumasltd.com and may operate other dumasltd.com. It is Mark Thompson policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our dumasltd.com.
Dumasltd.com Visitors
Like most dumasltd.com operators, Mark Thompson collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Mark Thompson’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Mark Thompson visitors use its dumasltd.com. From time to time,Mark Thompson may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its dumasltd.com.
Mark Thompson also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on dumasltd.com blogs/sites. Mark Thompson only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Mark Thompson’s dumasltd.com choose to interact with Mark Thompson in ways that require Mark Thompson to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Mark Thompson gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at dumasltd.com to provide a userMark Thompson and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Mark Thompson are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Mark Thompson collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Mark Thompson. Mark Thompson does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain dumasltd.com-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Mark Thompson may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its dumasltd.com. Mark Thompson may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Mark Thompson does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Mark Thompson discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Mark Thompson behalf or to provide services available at Mark Thompson dumasltd.com, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Mark Thompson dumasltd.com, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Mark Thompson will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Mark Thompson discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Mark Thompson believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Mark Thompson, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Mark Thompson dumasltd.com and have supplied your email address Mark Thompson may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Mark Thompson takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a dumasltd.com stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the dumasltd.com each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help Mark Thompson identify and track visitors, their usage of dumasltd.com, and their dumasltd.com access preferences. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Mark Thompson dumasltd.com, with the drawback that certain features of our dumasltd.com may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Advertising partners, who may set cookies, may deliver ads appearing on any of our dumasltd.com to users. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Mark Thompson and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Mark Thompson may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Mark Thompson sole discretion. we encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a dumasltd.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Nov
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Recent Posts
How to Fix Common Headlight Problems
Buyer’s Guide: Tips on How to Choose the Best Tube Amp this Year
Best Thoughtful Wedding Anniversary Gifts
Tips on How to Maintain Positive Outlook in Everyday Life
A Step-by-Step Guide on How to Install a Battery-Powered Video Doorbell