http://www.howcogroup.com/cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Howco Group is committed to protecting your privacy when you access Our websites.  Our websites from the HowcoGroup.com domain (“Website”) uses Cookies, as defined below, and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other users. By using Cookies, We gain a better understanding of how you use the Website and it allows Us to provide you with a better experience. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur when you press the “OK” button on Our Cookie banner. By selecting “Settings”, you can change your preferences to allow or reject certain cookies. If you do not agree to Our Cookie Policy, please stop using the Website immediately.
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
In this Cookie Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following  meanings:
“Cookie” - means a small file placed on your computer or device by the Website when you visit certain parts of the Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website;
“Cookie Law”- means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”);
“Personal data” - means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data, as defined by Swiss Data Protection Act and/or GDPR; and
"We/Us/Our” - means X COMPANY NAME X International plc, an Irish public limited company and tax resident of Switzerland.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
The Website is owned and operated by Howco Group, 2nd Floor, Fountain House, 1-3 Woodside Crescent Glasgow, G3 7UL
HOW DOES THE WEBSITE USE COOKIES?
The Website may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us from the HowcoGroup.com domain and are used only by us. We use Cookies to identify language and location preferences, facilitate and improve your experience or render basic site functionality. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
WHAT COOKIES DOES THE WEBSITE USE?
The following Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.HowcoGroup.com
Your current state: Use necessary cookies only.
Change your consent by not accepting cookies from www.HowcoGroup.com