http://www.kaeser.com/int-en/privacy.aspx
Data privacy statement
Thank you for your interest in our company. The protection of your personal data is very important to us. We therefore wish to explain below which data we use and for which purposes. If you have further questions on how we handle your personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us.
The Controller responsible for the processing of data as defined in Art. 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is
KAESER Kompressoren SE
Carl-Kaeser-Straße 26
96450 Coburg
Tel.: 09561/640-0
Data Protection Officer:
KAESER Kompressoren SE
– Data Protection Officer –
Carl-Kaeser-Straße 26
96450 Coburg
Email: datenschutz@kaeser.com
Regional authority responsible for data protection:
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht
Promenade 27
91522 Ansbach
Postanschrift
Postfach 606
91511 Ansbach
The following provisions provide information on the processing of personal data pursuant to the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), in particular with regard to the information requirements pursuant to Art. 12–14 GDPR and on disclosures with regard to the rights of data subjects specified in Art. 15–22 GDPR and Art. 34 GDPR.
For purposes of the GDPR, "personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (e.g. the person's name, address, telephone number or date of birth). Information on how you use this or other websites may also be regarded as personal data.
Your rights as a data subject
You have the right
to obtain information on your personal data stored by us and how it is processed (Art. 15 GDPR).
to the rectification of inaccurate, false and/or incomplete personal data (Art. 16 GDPR).
to the immediate erasure of your personal data stored by us where one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 GDPR applies.
to restrict the data processing in case your data cannot yet be deleted due to statutory archiving obligations (Art. 18 GDPR). If you do not want us to collect further data from you or contact you again, we will make the necessary entry in our system.
to request the handover of the data pertaining to you that you have provided pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR and the right to require such data to be forwarded to responsible parties designated by you.
to object to the processing of your data by us (Art. 21 GDPR).
to withdraw any consent granted by you pursuant to Art. 7 Par. 3 GDPR with future effect.
to submit a complaint to datenschutz@kaeser.com or a competent supervisory authority in the member state of your place of residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes data protection regulations (Art. 77 GDPR).
We process your personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection requirements for the purposes listed below:
Privacy policy for our website (PDF, 60.1 KB)
Privacy statement for business partners (PDF, 54.8 KB)
Privacy information for marketing purposes (PDF, 51.8 KB)
Privacy information for business partner surveys (PDF, 130 KB)
Changes to the Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Statement as needed, taking into account the applicable data protection regulations, and to publish it here. The updated statement will come into effect, subject to the applicable legal provisions, when it is published.
Opt-out
You have the option of setting an opt-out cookie for the implemented analysis tools to prevent your data from being captured on future visits to this website:
Google Analytics
Deactivating Google Analytics
Siteimprove Analytics
Disable Siteimprove Analytics
Legal notice
Conditions of use
T&C
Download Adobe Reader here to view PDF documents.
Downloads
Privacy policy for our website (PDF, 60.1 KB)
Privacy statement for business partners (PDF, 54.8 KB)
Privacy information for marketing purposes (PDF, 51.8 KB)
Privacy information for business partner surveys (PDF, 130 KB)
Show moreShow less
Print page
We use cookies to improve the usability of our website. If you choose not to use cookies, website functionality will be limited. We also use third-party tracking cookies to gauge users' preferences. Find out more about cookies.Allow all cookiesUse cookies necessary for technical purposes only
We found a country website that is matching your current location. Do you want to get redirected there?Redirect me to:Please select a countryKenya (EN)
South Africa (EN)
Argentina (ES)
Brazil (PT)
Canada (EN)
Canada (FR)
Chile (ES)
Colombia (ES)
Costa Rica (ES)
Ecuador (ES)
El Salvador (ES)
Guatemala (ES)
Honduras (ES)
Mexico (ES)
Panama (ES)
Peru (ES)
USA (EN)
Australia (EN)
China (ZH)
India (EN)
Indonesia (EN)
Israel (EN)
Japan (JA)
Korea (KO)
Malaysia (EN)
New Caledonia (FR)
New Zealand (EN)
Philippines (EN)
Singapore (EN)
Thailand (EN)
Thailand (TH)
United Arab Emirates (EN)
Austria (DE)
Belgium (FR)
Belgium (NL)
Bulgaria (BG)
CIS (RU)
Croatia (HR)
Czech Republic (CS)
Denmark (DA)
Estonia (ET)
Finland (FI)
France (FR)
Germany (DE)
Greece (EL)
Hungary (HU)
Ireland (EN)
Italy (IT)
Latvia (LV)
Lithuania (LT)
Luxembourg (BE)
Luxembourg (FR)
Norway (NB)
Poland (PL)
Portugal (PT)
Romania (RO)
Russia (RU)
Slovakia (SK)
Slovenia (SL)
Spain (ES)
Sweden (SV)
Switzerland (DE)
Switzerland (FR)
The Netherlands (NL)
Turkey (TR)
Ukraine (UK)
United Kingdom (EN)
Stay on current Website