https://www.decospan.com/en/legal/cookies/?cookie_reset=https://www.par-ky.com/en/
Cookie policy
HomeLegalCookie policy
DECOSPANCookies instellen23/05/2018 The websites www.decospan.com, www.par-ky.com, www.cabbani.com, www.clicwood.com, www.shinnoki.com, www.looklikesdecospan.com, www.astratadecospan.com, www.querkusdecospan.com, www.nordusdecospan.com, www.decospan.hr, www.par-ky.com, www.patterns.par-ky.com, www.patterns.cabbani.com, webshop.decospan.com and www.theveneer.com (hereinafter referred to as "the websites") use cookies and other techniques such as JavaScripts. To ensure the user-friendliness of our website and your privacy, we inform you in this cookie statement about the way and the reasons why we use cookies. The websites don't place cookies until you continue to use the website after you have arrived on the landing page. What is a cookie?A cookie is a very small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server.  It is actually a kind of identification that helps to distinguish one form the other user. A cookie is unique and can only by read by the server that you provided the cookie. Other techniques that the websites use, such as JavaScripts and web beacons, are standard internet techniques that allow data to be stored in the cookies, to send data and to keep track of how often a page is viewed.  What are cookies used for?Cookies have different functions, which can be divided into three categories: functional cookies, analytical cookies and tracking cookies. Functional cookies are cookies that are required for the websites to function. This includes cookies that remember which language setting you have chosen. Analytical cookies are used, among other things, to measure the quality and effectiveness of the websites, for example by registering visitor statistics. Usually Google Analytics is used for this. Tracking cookies are cookies that register your surfing behavior on the websites, so that your profile can be compiled on the basis of which information relevant to you – such as advertisements – can be shown. How does Decospan uses cookies?Through cookies, Decospan collects information about the users of the websites, aiming to provide an efficient, meaningful and personalized experience. Decospan uses cookies among others to:Recognize users and user permissions;Remember user preferences and settings, such as language settings, video settings, but also linking a profile picture to a user account;Select and purchase articles on the websites and to record surf activities and purchases and link them to user accounts;Additionally secure the user’s sessions (for example when making an appointment, when linking third-party websites) and for managing sessions within the website;Show personalized content and advertisements and warn you about new information, articles and services;Show relevant advertisements on partner sites;Combine your surfing, searching and buying behavior;Enable links to social media such as Twitter, Facebook and YouTube and related advertising services;To carry out general and functional analyzes with regard to the use of the website;Collect, analyze and manage statistics on visitors;Monitor the technical state of the websites and optimize the websites.Decospan takes into account its Privacy Policy at all times when collecting, storing and using your data. Decospan is responsible for the processing of your data as described in this cookie statement. The websites also include functions that fall outside the domain of Decospan and fall within the domain of third parties. Cookies can also be placed from these third-party domains, which are outside the management of Decospan. The privacy and cookie policy of the company in question applies to third-party cookies. Web analysisThis websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the websites analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transferred to and stored by Google.Google uses this information to keep track of how you use the websites, to compile reports on the websites activity for website operators and to offer other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may provide this information to third parties if Google is legally obliged to do so, or if these third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Google will not combine your IP address with other data held by Google. By using this website you consent to the processing of the information by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above. Determine yourself which cookies you acceptIn most cases you can instruct your browser to accept all cookies or to warn you when a cookie is offered. You can then decide whether you accept the cookie or not. For the specific settings we refer to the manual of your browser, usually found under ‘Help’ in the toolbar of most browsers. Example Google Chrome:Click the Chrome menu on the browser toolbar.Select Settings.Click View advanced settings.In the “Privacy” section, click the Content settings button.In the ‘Cookies’ section you can change the cookie settings. Example Internet Explorer 11.0:On the Tools menu, click Internet Options.Click on the Privacy tab.Now you can set whether cookies should be allowed, selected or blocked.With OK you confirm the setting. Example Firefox:Click the new Firefox Menu button and choose OptionsClick the Privacy panel.Now you can set whether cookies should be accepted and how long you want to keep these cookies. You can also add exceptions and indicate websites that can always or never use cookies.With OK you confirm the settings. Delete cookiesDelete cookies in Chrome:Click on the icon with 3 lines at the top right. Clock Tools > Clear browsing data. Make sure in any case that ‘Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data’ is checked. You can also indicate how old the cookies should be. Select ‘All’ here. Delete cookies in Internet Explorer:Go to the Tools menu > Internet Options > General.  Under Browse history, clock Delete. You may not want to delete everything. Make sure that in any case Cookies is checked and click on Delete. Delete cookies in Firefox:Go to Tools > Options > Privacy.  Click Clear your recent history. Under Details you can indicate exactly what you want to delete. Check in any case Cookies. You can also indicate how old the cookies should be. Select ‘All’ here. Where can I find information about updates to this policy?We will post changes or updates to our cookie statement and Privacy Policy on this website so that you are kept informed about the information we collect, use and disclose, and we encourage you to regularly read our Privacy Policy.  Contact us if you have questions about the Cookie Statement or Privacy Policy. Which cookies does the websites use?Decospan uses various cookies on its website that have functional, analytical and tracking functions.  An overview of the cookies used on the websites can be donwloaded through the link below. - This statement is available in other languages on request via info@decospan.com.- Cette déclaration est disponible sur demande dans d'autres langues via info@decospan.com.- Diese Erklärung ist in anderen Sprachen auf Anfrage über info@decospan.com erhältlich.2018-05-23-decospan-cookies.pdf
×
enenen
Experience more thanks to cookies
We try to provide you as a visitor to our site as pleasant an experience as possible. That is why we use cookies to improve your user experience and to make our online services function better. In addition, we use cookies to make the content of our websites more interesting for you. By anonymously mapping your surfing behavior, we can improve our websites where necessary and respond to the needs and preferences of you and other users. More info
Allow all cookies Settings The cookie consent applies to the Decospan websites and subsites of these brands: Decospan – Parky – Cabbani – Shinnoki – Querkus – Nordus – Look’Likes – Clicwood - Astrata
Experience more thanks to cookies - Settings
This website makes minimal use of functional and statistical cookies. Additionally, you can opt to receive certain ads and see relevant content on social media. By choosing 'accept all cookies' you agree to the use of our cookies. If you do not wish to accept all cookies, you can set your preferences using the corresponding check boxes at the bottom. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of all cookies. For more information, see our privacy policy.
Functional & statistical cookies
Cookies that are necessary for the site to function minimally and collect anonymously, minimal information that allows our web team to assess and improve the content of our website (e.g. by Google Analytics, etc.).
Marketing cookies
Optimize advertisements based on your surfing behavior. Functional & static cookies.
Social media cookies
Ensuring optimal interaction with social media such as Youtube, Twitter, Facebook or Instagram.
Allow all cookies
Save my cookie settings