https://www.fgib.com/privacy-policy/
Blog
Contact Us
CALL US TODAY (877) 485-4413
Toggle navigation
MENU
Home
PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY
Overview
Errors & Omissions
Bankers Professional Liability
Directors & Officers Liability
Employment Practices Liability
Civil Money Penalties
CYBER LIABILITY
Overview
First-Party Cyber Coverages
Third-Party Cyber Coverages
CRIME
Overview
Employee Dishonesty
Wire Fraud
Financial Institution Bond
Bankers Blanket Bond
Mortgage Bankers Blanket Bond
Stock Brokers Blanket Bond
Kidnap & Ransom/Exortion
OTHER PRODUCTS
Overview
Non Bank Lender Management Professional Liability
Business Interruption
Business Packages
Commercial Property
Earthquake
Force Place
General Liability
Environmental Liability
Workers’ Compensation
Protection for REOs
APPLICATIONS
RESOURCE LIBRARY
ABOUT US
Our Leadership
Client Testimonials
Insurance Carrier Partners
Close
Get Customized, Sector-Focused Solutions With FGIB
Security Verification
Submit
Privacy & Security Policy
We would like to take this opportunity to both thank you for visiting our website and to share with you the importance FGIB places upon protecting your private information.
Collection of Information:
While you are visiting our website, we may or may not collect personal/confidential information–written, in-person, telephone, facsimile, electronically and online—that may assist us in preparing a quote for you and in helping us to negotiate with our carriers on your behalf. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, policy or claim information, financial or other information as may be required by our underwriters.
We also collect personal information about you from the following sources:
Applications or other forms such as claims forms or underwriting questionnaires that you submit to us and others;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others; and
Third party information from public sources such as the internet or governmental agencies.
Disclosure of Information:
We assure you that it is not our policy to share your private information with non-affiliated third parties other than as permitted or required by law. For example, we may share all of the information listed above with non-affiliated third parties for, including but not limited to, the following reasons:
The information is essential in servicing or processing the insurance needs of our clients in a way that is customary and necessary among independent insurance agents in our industry. Our services and processes might include, for example, but are not limited to, underwriting, obtaining renewal terms, rating, placement and providing quotes for insurance that is germane to the coverage the customer places with our company.
Information necessary to protect the confidentiality or security of our client’s records.
Information necessary to resolve client disputes or inquiries.
Information required by individuals or entities who are assessing our legal compliance.
Information required for us to comply with the law.
Information necessary to protect against or prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims or other liability.
Protection of Information:
Our Company maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with state and federal regulations to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
We appreciate your business and in order to continue building upon that relationship, believe it is necessary not only from a legal standpoint but also as a sound business practice that you, our customer, understand the care our agency uses in handling your information. Our Company will continue to monitor the effectiveness of this privacy policy.
TweetShareShare0 Shares
WHAT OUR CLIENTS ARE SAYING
“I have had a long time relationship with FGIB. Throughout the years they have been straightforward and attentive to our organization’s needs. They have always been available to answer questions and give presentations to both executive management team as well as the BOD. Everyone is friendly with a vast amount of bank insurance knowledge.”
Chuck Lanzrath, CFO
Layton State Bank
“Words cannot express my sincere thanks to FGIB. In 2009 our bank was put into a regulatory C & D.
Our Fidelity and D & O Bond was cancelled, without notice, from a company that the bank had been with for over 20 years. The cancellation shocked us, since we had an additional 17 months until the Bond’s expiration date.
It was an extremely difficult time for our bank. Fortunately, we were put in contact with FGIB.
FGIB was able to find reasonable coverage for our Fidelity and D & O Bond, when no one else would. We have been a customer ever since. We appreciate FGIB’s honest, personal, and professional service.”
John G. Sorensen, Jr., President
Home Savings Bank
Providing Solutions that Align with Your Business Needs
Our vast network of contacts, through industry organizations, long-established relationships and years of service to the financial industry and beyond, enables FGIB to sort through the complexity of choices to recognize the right fit for your organization. We know your industry and understand how to secure the appropriate insurance solutions. We are licensed in the majority of states and are ready to serve you. Give us a call at 626.793.3330.