http://www.modernfold.com/privacy-statement
Request A Quote
Select Language
English
Spanish
French
Request a Quote
Home
Products
Operable Partitions
Single Panel Systems
Paired Panel Systems
Continuously Hinged Automated Wall Systems
Designer Line
Glass Wall Systems
ComfortDrive® Automated Self-Driving Panel System
Acousti-Clear® Glass Walls
Single-Point Fitting Systems
Horizontal Rail Systems
Folding Sliding Systems
Accordion Doors
Modernfold Accordion Doors and Partitions
Options/Accessories
Finish Options
Modernfold Truss Systems®
Pass Doors/Pocket Doors
Where to Buy
Downloads
Product Brochures
Product Documents
Multimedia
Build Your Design
Gallery
Service
About Us
Testimonials
Explore
Helping You Succeed
LEED
Acoustics
FAQ
Affiliations
Careers
News & Events
Contact Us
Continuing Education
Dealer Portal
Privacy Statement and Terms of Use
Persons who access the material made available at the company's website on the worldwide web ("Modernfold Website") agree to the following:
Use of the Modernfold Website
The entire content of this Modernfold Website is subject to copyright with all rights reserved. You may download or print out a hard copy of individual pages and/or sections of the Modernfold Website, provided that you do not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices. Any downloading or otherwise copying from the Modernfold Website will not transfer title to any software or material to you. You may not reproduce (in whole or in part), transmit (by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose the Modernfold Website without the prior written permission of Modernfold.
No Offer
Nothing on the Modernfold Website should be construed as a solicitation or offer, or recommendation, to acquire or dispose of any investment or to engage in any other transaction.
No Reliance
While Modernfold uses reasonable efforts to obtain information from sources which it believes to be reliable, Modernfold makes no representation that the information or opinions contained on the Modernfold Website is accurate, reliable or complete. The information and opinions contained in the Modernfold Website are provided by Modernfold for personal use and informational purposes only and are subject to change without notice. Nothing contained on the Modernfold Website constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice nor is to be relied on in making an investment or other decision. You should obtain relevant and specific professional advice before making any investment decision.
No Warranty
The information and opinions contained on the Modernfold Website is provided without any warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
Limitations of Liability
Modernfold will be liable for all damages and losses in connection with the use of this website caused by acts of gross negligence or intention. In the event of slight or ordinary negligence, Modernfold will only be liable in case of a breach of fundamental obligation and the level of liability is restricted to the damage that is typical and foreseeable. This limitation of liability will not apply to personal damages and does not affect Modernfold’s warranty obligations and product liability.
Material Interests
Modernfold and/or its directors, officers and employees may have or have had interests or positions or traded or acted as market makers in relevant securities. Furthermore, such entities or persons may have or have had a relationship with or may provide or have provided corporate finance or other services to or serve or have served as directors of relevant companies.
Investment Performance
The past is not necessarily a guide to the future performance of an investment. The value of investments may fall as well as rise and investors may not get back the amount invested. Changes in rates of foreign exchange may cause the value of investments to go up or down.
Local Legal Restrictions
The Modernfold Website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of the Modernfold Website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access the Modernfold Website.
Website Statistics
To see how the Modernfold Website performance is doing and where it rates with others so that Modernfold can better serve its customers and visitors, Modernfold uses the Google Analytics service to monitor and log Website traffic. At the suggestionof Google, the following pertains to the Google Analytics service: "This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the
purposes set out above." This website uses Google Analytics with the “anonymizeIp()” function that will store IP addresses in a shortened version which can not be linked to individuals to provide an additional level of privacy for visitors.
Data Privacy Statement
Information regarding the collection of personal data
In the following, we provide information regarding the collection of personal data when using our website. Personal data is defined as all data that relates to you personally, e.g. name, address, e-mail addresses, user behavior.
Controller in accordance with article 4(7)of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is
Modernfold, Inc.
15 W. New Rd.
Greenfield, IN
46140
Our data protection officer can be contacted at info@modernfold.com or using our postal address and adding “The data protection officer”.
When contacting us by e-mail or using a contact form, the data you supply (your e-mail address, your name and phone number if necessary) are stored by us in order to answer your questions. We delete the data gathered in this regard once storage of such data is no longer required, or limit processing of such data should statutory storage obligations apply.
Should we require contracted providers to carry out individual functions of our offering or should we like to use your data for commercial purposes, we shall inform you in detail of the respective actions. In doing so, we shall also inform you of the defined criteria regarding duration of storage.
Your rights
You have the following rights vis-à-vis ourselves with regard to your personal data:
Right of access
Right to rectification or erasure
Right to limitation of processing
Right to object to processing
Right to data portability.
Right to lodge a complaint with a regulatory authority.
Collection of personal data when visiting our website
When using our website for purely informational purposes, i.e. without registering or otherwise submitting information to us, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you would like to view our website, we collect the following data that we require from a technical point of view to display our website to you and guarantee stability and security (the legal basis here is article 6(1) sentence 1, lit. f GDPR):
IP address
Date and time of enquiry
Time zone difference to Eastern Standard Time (EST)
Content of request (specific page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Volume of data transmitted
Website from which the request originated
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of browser software.
In addition to the aforementioned data, when using our website, cookies will be stored on your computer. Cookies are small text files stored on your hard drive by the web browser you are using, enabling certain information to be collected by the website owner who sets the cookie (in this case us). Cookies cannot execute programs or transmit viruses onto your computer. They are designed to make the internet service as a whole more user-friendly and effective.
Use of cookies:
This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and functioning of which shall be described below:
Transient cookies (b)
Persistent cookies (c).
Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include session cookies in particular. They store a so-called session ID with which the various requests from your browser are assigned to the session as a whole. This means your computer can be recognized when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
Persistent cookies are deleted automatically after a specified length of time, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies at any time in your browser’s security settings.
You can configure your browser settings according to your needs and decline acceptance of third-party cookies or all cookies, for example. We advise you that you may not be able to use all functions of this website.
The Flash cookies used are not collected by your browser but by your Flash Plug-in. We also use HTML5 storage objects, which are stored on your terminal. These objects store the data required independently of your browser used and have no automatic expiry date. If you do not want Flash cookies to be processed, you have to install a corresponding add-on. The use of HTML5 storage objects may impede you as they use private mode in your browser. We also recommend manually deleting your cookies and browser history regularly.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and enable analyses to be carried out regarding your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. In the event that IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened in advance by Google, however, within Member States of the European Union or in other Contracting States to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google shall use this information to analyze your use of the website to compile reports on website activity and perform further services associated with website usage and internet usage for the website operator.
You can prevent cookies being stored by selecting the corresponding setting in your browser software; we advise, however, that you may not be able to use the functionality of this website to its fullest extent in this case. You may also prevent the gathering of data generated by the cookie relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension “_anonymizeIp()”. Here, IP addresses are further processed in shortened form meaning individual identification of the user is not possible. Should the data gathered about you enable identification, this will be immediately precluded and the personal data immediately deleted.
We use Google Analytics to analyze and regularly improve use of our website. Using the statistics obtained, we can improve our offering and make it more interesting for you as a user. For exceptional cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google is subject to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for use of Google Analytics is article 6(1) sentence 1, lit. f GDPR.
Third-party provider information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. User conditions: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html, overview of data protection: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en, and data privacy statement: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en.
Changes to Disclaimer
We aim to keep this Disclaimer in line with the internet and the applicable laws as they evolve. For this purpose, we reserve the right to review and amend this Disclaimer on a regular basis. As a user of the Modernfold Website, please check this page regularly to keep up-to-date with the applicable Disclaimer.
Corona pandemic – we continue to be there for you
Dear customers and business partners, In these unprecedented times, we are all taking steps to limit the hazards which our employees and local area are exposed to. At the same time, we are determined to offer you the usual Modernfold, Inc. service – both in terms of consultation and production delivery dates.
Our contacts in sales are available by phone should you have any questions and appointments can be arranged by e-mail.
We wish you all the best, take care.With kind regards