http://www.emedco.com/security-privacy-policy.html
Emedco Privacy Policy
Introduction
This policy describes the information Emedco US (Brady Corporation Ltd) may collect through the use of the services we offer, how we collect it and how it is used.
This policy also addresses precautions we take to protect your privacy and how to contact us with data privacy questions or requests.
Policy Topics:
Section A - Personal Information
Section B - Children Under the Age of 18
Section C - Passive Information Collected
Section D - Cookies & Internet Tags
Section E - Mobile Applications
Section F - Purchased Desktop Applications
Section G - Active Information Volunteered
Section H - Duration of the Processing
Section I - Your Rights
Section J - Safety & Confidentiality
Section K - Compliance and Cooperation with Regulatory Authorities
Section L - Changes
Section M - Contact Information and Enforcement
Section A: Personal Information
Personal information is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual’s name, address, email address, and/or phone number, and may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer or device.
We will actively collect your personal information through contact you make with us.
You may always choose not to contact us by email, participate in a survey or to provide any personal information on our website. Your choice to not participate in these activities online will not impair your ability to browse our website, or to read or download information offered on the site.
We will passively collect personal information from you simply from your visit to our website.
For more information about the data we will collect, see Sections C and D below.
We also obtain personal information from third parties who have verified their legal right to provide personal information to us.
Section B: Children Under the Age of 18
This Site is not directed to children under the age of eighteen (18) and does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children.
Section C: Passive Information Collected
This is information passively collected during your visit to our website. This information is used to help us understand how our site is being used so that we may continually improve it’s content, performance, suitability and usefulness. We collect two types of passive data: navigational data and device information.
Navigational Data:
Navigational data includes log files and clickstream data. Navigational data can identify a user’s Web browser and operating system, when and for how long a user visits a website, what pages a user views on a website, and the address of the website that the user was visiting previously.
We collect this information and use it to administer a website, improve website content, and compile aggregated statistics for marketing and research purposes.
Device information:
Device information is your IP address, hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information, including phone number.
We collect this information to associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Account.
Section D: Cookies and Internet Tags
To serve our online users, we use “cookies” and similar files to customise your browsing experience with us. Cookies are small data files transferred to your computer, mobile phone or other device by your web browser at the request of a website. Cookies fall into two broad categories:
Session cookies – these cookies allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browsing session. Session cookies are therefore temporary and once you close your browser, all session cookies are deleted. Session cookies are used to aid in website navigation and to collect statistical information. A common example is the shopping cart function, where the website will store details of your shopping cart as you proceed through the checkout process.
Persistent cookies – these cookies remain on your computer or device for the period time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time you visit the website that created the particular cookie. Persistent cookies also aid in website navigation and collecting statistical information, and are used to customize a website for a user, such as by storing passwords and preferences so that users do not have to reenter them each time they visit a website.
A common example is an auto login or “remember me” function after you first register with a website.
Functional Cookies (Persistent)
These cookies allow our website to remember information you provide to us via our website and choices you make (such as your username, items you have put into your shopping cart and products you have viewed recently). The cookies allow our website to enhance the service we can offer you (as well as providing some degree of personalisation to our website).
In accordance with EC Regulations, we require your consent to transfer these cookies to your computer or device and by using our website you agree that we can transfer these cookies to your computer or device.
Performance Cookies (Session)
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website, such as the referring domain, frequency of visits to certain web pages and the time spent by users during each visit to our website. These cookies do not collect personally identifying information and the data collected is anonymous. We use these cookies to monitor the services we provide via our website and to make improvements to the website as a whole.
In accordance with EC Regulations, we require your consent to transfer these cookies to your computer or device and by using our website you agree that we can transfer these cookies to your computer or device.
Other Type of Cookies such as “Retargeting”, “Behavioural” or Banner Advertising
We work with selected third party advertising companies who may set cookies on your computer or device during your visit to our website. These advertising companies use the information collected in these cookies to serve up ads relevant to you and your interests.
For cookies set by third parties (Google Analytics) we kindly refer you to the statements set forth by these parties on their respective websites. Beware, we do not have any influence on the content of these statements nor on the content of the cookies of these third parties: Google Analytics cookies.
Cookie Name Provider Purpose Expiry
fpc_page_id
Emedco
Used for essential website functionality to provide breadcrumbs to help customers navigate
19 days
frontend
Emedco
Used for essential website functionality to provide a unique ID for the session
19 days
last_designyourown_viewed
Emedco
Used for essential website functionality to identify the last design your own application viewed
Session
products
Emedco
Used for essential website functionality
Session
setonDynamicPhoneNumber
Emedco
Used by the website to provide a specific phone number to enable us to understand what marketing channel phone calls were generated from
Session
cv, m, mvtid, n, pv, s, uc, rr_rcs, rrSid
RichRelevance
Used by RichRelevance to collect anonymous data of the user's navigation in order to personalise the experience
See Providers Privacy Policy
TAPID, tealium_va, tealium_va_update, tealium_timing, tealium_va_bradycorp_emedco, ulog/_error, utag_main
Tealium
Used by Tealium AudienceStream to store and update visitors profiles and help us deliver more relevant marketing
See Providers Privacy Policy
_ga, _gali, _gat, _gid, _pk_id#, _pk_ses#, ads/ga-audiences, ads/user-lists/#, collect, NID, OTZ, __utm.gif
Google
Used
for analytics and advertising – to help us improve and understand how people use our website, and to help us deliver ads and make them more relevant our users
See Providers Privacy Policy
MUID, MUIDB
Bing
Used for analytics and advertising – to measure and improve the performance and relevancy of adverts
See Providers Privacy Policy
IDE, r/collect, test_cookie
Doubleclick
Used for analytics and advertising – to personalise the adverts users see, and to let us know if a purchase was made as a result
See Providers Privacy Policy
GPS, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, YSC
Youtube
Used to track viewing behaviours of videos on our site
See Providers Privacy Policy
fr, tr
Facebook
Used for analytics and advertising – to measure and improve the performance and relevancy of adverts
See Providers Privacy Policy
PHPSESSID
Emedco
Used to keep user session ID across page requests
See Providers Privacy Policy
_cs_id
Content Square
This cookie contains ContentSquare's user identifier
13 months
_cs_ex
Content Square
This cookie is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from collection
30 days
_cs_s
Content Square
This cookie contains the number of pageviews within the running session for ContentSquare Solution
30 minutes
_cs_vars
Content Square
This cookie is used by ContentSquare to record custom variables
session
_cs_c
Content Square
This cookie is used by ContentSquare to save the user consent to be tracked
13 months
_cs_optout
Content Square
This cookie is used by ContentSquare to exclude some visitors from the collection
10 years
Click here to learn more about cookies.
Your Permission:
When you first visit our website you will be asked to accept our different kinds of cookies. For each category you can allow or refuse cookies. At any time, you can change the cookie settings for our website by clicking on the button below to revoke your permission.
How to Control and Delete Cookies
Please note that disabling cookies could cause certain features and functionalities of our website to not work for you.
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser prompt you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
Internet Tags:
Internet tags (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are similar to cookies, but they are smaller and are used to collect data such as IP address and browser type related to the user's computer.
We use this information to monitor activity for the purpose of future improvement of our website.
Section E - Mobile Applications
Emedco offers mobile applications to make it easier to do business with us. We obtain information through your use of our applications that you download and run on your mobile device. We may obtain information from, or access data stored on, your mobile device to provide services related to the mobile application. For example, a mobile application may: access a camera on your mobile device allowing you to upload photographs to use in the mobile application; access the camera on your device to enable you to scan a barcode for use in the mobile application; access the geographic location of your device to enable you to find assets or equipment located nearby; or access contact information on your device to enable you to synchronize contact information between information stored on the device and the mobile application.
Our mobile applications may collect information related to your use of the mobile application and information regarding your mobile device to support and improve the mobile application and associated services. For example, all actions taken in a mobile application or errors generated may be logged, along with associated device information. We may also share anonymous data about these actions with third party providers of analytics services.
Please note that you can configure our mobile applications, and limit the information accessed or obtained by the mobile application on your device, but doing so may cause your mobile application to not work as intended.
Our mobile applications may be designed to exchange information with other of our mobile applications. The information exchanged includes only the information necessary to provide services of the mobile application. For example, a mobile workflow application may transfer label printing information to a mobile printing application.
Information accessed or obtained by the mobile application on your device may be accessible to you and your organization, depending on the intended functionality of the mobile application. For example, an inspection record may include information stating you used the mobile device to scan a barcode.
We regularly update our mobile applications. If your mobile device’s settings permit and you choose to install updates, those updates will be downloaded and installed automatically on your mobile device.
Section F - Purchased Desktop Applications
Emedco offers various software solutions for purchase that are run from your desktop. Desktop applications may be available as on-premise applications or via the “cloud”. We obtain information through your use of our desktop applications that you download and run on your computer. Desktop applications collect contact and license key information during the product activation step to validate purchase and provide technical support.
Desktop applications may provide us with information related to your use of the desktop application in order to improve the desktop application and associated products and services. For example, actions taken in a desktop application, such as which applications or options are selected, which printers and supplies were used, the number of labels sent to a printer, and errors generated within the application may all be logged in the application. We may also share anonymous data about these actions with third party providers of analytics services.
Please note that you can configure our desktop applications to restrict collection of usage data by selecting the opt-out option presented during installation or within the settings of the desktop application. Opting-out of data collection does not affect the functionality of the desktop application.
We regularly update our desktop applications. If your computer’s settings permit and you choose to install updates, those updates will be downloaded and automatically installed on your computer.
Section G: Active Information Volunteered
In addition to the passive information collected as described above, this website actively collects information as you volunteer it when making certain requests on the website.
Some of the information collected is personal or unique to you (see Section A: Personal Information). We collect personal data from site registrants and visitors to the website on a voluntary basis. Visitors are not required to provide this information.
If during your visit to one of our websites you complete a form, send an e-mail, or perform some other transaction, this website may collect your name, company name, business address, business e-mail address, business phone number, business fax number, job title, industry sector, and/or credit card information.
To protect credit card numbers, we outsource this information to a certified payment processor via a hosted payment page on our website in accordance with PCI DSS regulations. The provider returns the credit card number to us as a token.
We do not see, process or store customers’ raw credit card information in any of our systems or databases. We are PCI compliant and attest to such via an annual SAQ-D and quarterly vulnerability scans performed by and attested to by an outside agency.
Emedco is a Business to Business (B2B) Service provider of safety products and equipment.
All processing of personal data is based on a commercial, contractual basis to supply goods and services to the business community. However any data we collect that can identify an individual will be protected and treated as local laws dictate.
Personal Data is actively collected when volunteered on this website through the following activities:
Send us an e-mail or complete and submit a "contact us" reply form. In this case, we may use the information you provide for many reasons, including to reply to your e-mail and to learn more about our users.
Register a product or demo online. We use the information you provide to notify you if your item has been recalled or requires an update, or when new versions of the product or demo are released.
Submit a literature request, demo request, catalog request, or mailing list form. In this case, we use the information you provide to send to you, online or offline, materials you request, and to contact you regarding product demonstrations.
Register as a user on the website. We use this information to verify your identity.
Submit a product suggestion form. We use the information you submit on a product suggestion form to consider, develop, and evaluate new products and services.
Download certain kinds of software or information available on the Site. We use the information submitted in connection with such downloads to inform you of new software or information releases and to record who has downloaded the software and information available on this Site.
Enter an online promotion, contest, or sweepstakes. We use the information you submit to determine eligibility and to contact you in connection with the promotion, contest, or sweepstakes. We may use the information you provide to send to you, online or offline, materials you request, and to contact you regarding product demonstrations or sales.
Complete survey, feedback, and question forms. We use the information provided in these forms to respond to your questions, evaluate products and services, and better understand our shareholders, distributors, and customers.
Request a quote or place an order. We will request general contact, billing and shipping information. On orders we will request purchase order or other payment information such as a credit card number and expiration date. We will use this information to complete the transaction and to deliver the information, products or services you ordered and to collect payment.
Submit a "Request a Return Material Authorization (RMA) Number" form. We use the information contained in this form to help you return products that you have purchased.
Other Internal Use of Personal Data
Using the legal basis of Legitimate Interest, we will also use your Personal Data to provide you with information on our products and services that we think might be of interest to you unless you have indicated a preference not to receive such information. If you choose not to receive this type of information, please contact us in one of the many ways outlined in Section I - Your Rights.
We use the information we collect from all of our services to improve our product and service offering. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
When you contact us through our website or Customer Service, we might keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
The processing of your personal data does not include profiling, nor shall you be subjected to automated decisions.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.
The disclosure or processing of Personal Data as contemplated in this Policy may be to a party outside your jurisdiction. To meet our contractual agreements to deliver tailored products to you we may transfer personal Information you have submitted through this Site to us, to our affiliated companies, and to any other third parties described in this Policy, all or some of which may be located in foreign jurisdictions that may not provide "adequate protection" for Personal Data, but for which we have entered into Binding Corporate Rules or Standard Contractual Agreements.
We reserve the right to disclose or transfer any Personal Information collected at this Site:
to protect the security of the Site
to protect ourselves and our affiliated companies against liability
to respond to subpoenas or other judicial processes
if we believe in good faith that the law requires it
in connection with any sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or a part of our business or company or any business or our affiliated companies.
External Use of Volunteered Information
Please note that there are instances where we share your volunteered information with third parties in order to fulfill your request.
We, like many companies that provide products and services to customers, may employ other companies and individuals to perform specific functions on our behalf. Examples include, but are not limited to: manufacturing and/or fulfilling orders; delivery of packages, mail, and e-mail; address hygiene; credit card processing services; research that improves the quality of services or offers provided to you, including customer satisfaction surveys; or performing a credit check as part of your order. These providers have access to the information that they require to perform their functions but are strictly forbidden from using it for any other purposes. You may, however, “opt-out” of this use of your volunteered information at any time, but doing so may impair our ability to provide you with proper service and to process your orders (See Section I - Your Rights).
Using the legal basis of Legitimate Interest, we may use your Personal Data to market the products and services of other third parties that we think might be of interest to you or provide your personal data to carefully screened and selected third parties for marketing purposes.
If you wish to no longer receive such marketing materials, please refer to Section I - Your Rights for ways to contact us with your request.
Public forums, refer a contact, and customer testimonials
We may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
You may elect to use our referral program to inform contacts about our websites and services. When using the referral program, we request the contact’s name and email address.
We will automatically send the contact a one–time email inviting him or her to visit one of our websites. We do not store this information.
We may post a list of customers and testimonials on our websites, including information such as customer names and titles.
We obtain the consent of each customer prior to posting any names or testimonials.
Third-Party Service Integrations
Our websites and services may allow you to integrate the services with various online third-party services like Google, Microsoft OneDrive, or Dropbox (“Third-Party Service”).
In order to take advantage of these features, you may need to authenticate, register for or log into Third-Party Services through our website or services or on the websites of the respective Third-Party Service providers. When you enable integration with or login to Third-Party Services through our website or services, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable our website or services to access that Third-Party Service.
We do not store your login credentials.
When you enable our website or services to link content and data between Third-Party Services, the Third-Party Services may provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to the Third-Party Services, and we will use, store, and disclose that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
However, please remember that the manner in which Third-Party Services use, store, and disclose your information is governed by the policies of those third parties, and we shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Third-Party Services that may be enabled within our website or services.
Section H: Duration of the Processing
We will store and process your personal data during the period necessary depending on the purposes of the processing, the contractual relationship between us and to comply with record retention laws and regulations.
Section I: Your Rights
People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. Therefore we are informing you of the following rights you have with respect to your personal data:
Right of access and right to obtain a copy:
You have the right to freely obtain at any moment access to your personal data, as well as to be informed about the purpose of the processing by us.
Right to rectification, erasure, or restriction:
You have the choice to share your personal data with us. You also have the right to request us to rectify or erase your personal data as far as this does not interfere with the execution of any contractual obligations. You acknowledge that a refusal to share data or a request to erase these data will make the delivery of certain services and/or products impossible. You can also request the processing of your personal data to be restricted.
Right to object:
You also have the right to object to the use of your personal data for purposes of direct marketing.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to obtain your personal data which is processed by us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or to transfer this data to another data controller.
Right to withdraw consent:
When data processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent.
Exercising your rights:
You can exercise your rights by contacting us in the following ways:
Phone:- 1-800-442-3633
E-mail:- customerservice@emedco.com
Mail:- 2491 Wehrle Drive Williamsville, NY 14221 USA
Website:- via the “Contact Us” link
Right to file a complaint:
You have the right to file a complaint with your local privacy authority.
This does not affect a procedure before the civil court.
If you have suffered damages caused by the processing of your personal data you can file a claim for damages.
Section J: Safety & Confidentiality
We have adopted safety measures which are suited on both a technical and an organisational level to avoid the destruction, the loss, the forgery, the adjustment, the non-authorised access or the notification of the personal data by accident to a third party, as well as the non-authorised processing of these data.
We work hard to protect our organization and our users from unauthorised access to or unauthorised alteration, disclosure or destruction of information that we hold. In particular:
We encrypt many of our services using SSL.
We may offer you two-step verification when you access your Account on our website.
We shall not be liable in any way for direct or indirect damages caused by a wrongful or improper use of
the personal data by a third party.
At all times you shall comply with safety standards, for instance by avoiding all non-authorised access to your login and access code. You are solely responsible for the use of the Website on your computer, IP-address and identification data, as well as for its confidentiality.
Section K: Compliance and Cooperation with Regulatory Authorities
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Section L: Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Section M: Contact Information and Enforcement
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, you may contact us at customerservice@emedco.com or by any of the means outlined in Section G.
Enforcement
We use a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented, and accessible. We encourage interested persons to raise any complaints or concerns using the contact information provided in this section and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any concerns regarding use and disclosure of personal information.
Last revised on August 28, 2020
Join Over 100,000 Safety Professionals
Subscribe to receive emails about the latest in safety.
*Screen name
Sign Up
Request a Catalog
Receive our latest catalog for free.
Get Catalog
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience.
Close