http://www.pmsa.net/privacy
Privacy
Pharmaceutical Management Science Association
SocialFacebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Envelope
Login
Join Today!
Privacy
Home
About
Our Mission
Board
Past Board
Committees »
Committee Interest Form
Join the Board
Awards
Contact Us
Conference
Who Should Attend PMSA
Past Conferences »
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
Past Conference Sites
Past Presentations
Past Conference Photos
Future Events
Webinars
Upcoming Webinars
Past Webinars
Past Symposia »
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2012
2011
Past EU Summits
»
2019 - Switzerland
2018 - Amsterdam
2017 - Switzerland
Past Presentations
Blog
Archive
Resources
Virtual University
Mentor/Mentee Program
PMSA Journal
Journal Submissions
Career Center »
Submit a Job Listing
Newsletters
PMSA Reading List
PMSA Forum
Related Links
Privacy Policy
Membership
New Members/Renew
Academic Membership
Member Spotlight
Search ...
Privacy Policy
Overview This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to all our Web site.
Your data will be stored and processed in whole
in the United States. If you access a PMSA Web site outside the United States, your usage of that site constitutes consent to the transfer of your data out of your country and to the United States.
Collection and Retention of Information In some areas of our Web sites, PMSA requests or may request that you provide personal information, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number credit card number, contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible. In other areas, PMSA collects or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your ZIP code, age, preferences, gender, interests and favorites. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information. Examples of areas on PMSA Web sites where we collect personal or combined personal and demographic data are pages where you can open a PMSA account, sign up to use a service,
or purchase a product.
We also gather or may gather certain information about your use of our site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by PMSA. This information can include without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses.
Please remember that if you post any of your personal information in public areas of PMSA, such as in online forums or chat rooms, such information may be collected and used by others over whom PMSA has no control. We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of PMSA.
Since we believe that managing your career is a life-long process, we retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical, and relevant. Of course, you can correct or update your PMSA account profile at any time. Moreover, you can delete your personal information from our online database or close your PMSA account at any time, in which event we will remove your account profile information.
Opting Out
If you are receiving communications from PMSA and would like to opt-out of future messages, please contact
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. If you would like to have all of your contact information removed from our database, please contact our Data Protection Officer, Parker Allen, at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Use of Information by PMSA We use the information we gather on the PMSA Web site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the PMSA Web site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.
We may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from PMSA
or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the PMSA site, such as upcoming PMSA events. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you. In addition, at the time of registration for PMSA, you have the option to elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions including without limitation free informational newsletters from PMSA relating to topics that may be of special interest to you.
Disclosure of Information to Others We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of a PMSA Web site (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth in the following:
We may disclose such information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of PMSA or its affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
PMSA may also share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to each of its Web sites  with its clients, partners and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors to PMSA's site and how those visitors use the site.
Use of Cookies PMSA uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience and time online. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a Web page server. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize PMSA pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences). Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. When you return to the PMSA site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. We also use cookies to track click streams and for load balancing.
You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the PMSA Web site.
Updating Your Information You may review, correct, update or change your PMSA account profile information at any time. Simply log into your PMSA account, go to the Member Resources link, and click on the My Profile link to review your account information and, if you wish, edit it with the options provided.
You agree to receive newsletters or other communications from PMSA at the time you registered with PMSA, you may opt-out by contacting This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Security PMSA has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Changes to Privacy Statement If we decide to change our Privacy Statement for PMSA, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. If at any time, you have questions or concerns about PMSA's Privacy Statement, please feel free to email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Contact Us
E-mail: info@pmsa.org
19 Mantua Road
Mt. Royal, NJ 08061 USA
Telephone: (856) 423-7222
Connect Online
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
PMSA Mailing List
By signing up for our mailing list, you are consenting to receive periodic email on upcoming PMSA events and activities.
Pharmaceutical Management Science Association
© 2020 All rights reserved
Back to desktop version
Back to mobile version
×Login Form
Email Address
Password
Remember me
Log in
Forgot your password?