http://www.nissinfoods.com/privacy-policy
homeproductswhere to buyour storyfan storefaqcareerscontact
Skip to contentproductswhere to buyour storyfan storefaqcareerscontact
PrivacyPolicy "It is never too late to do anything in life." - Momofuku Ando "Always look around you with a great deal of curiosity." - Momofuku Ando "Food is a peace industry." - Momofuku Ando "I'm not selling instant noodles. I'm offering customers time." - Momofuku Ando "Become irreplaceable." - Momofuku Ando "Be childlike and always ask 'Why?'" - Momofuku Ando
Privacy PolicyThis site is owned and operated by Nissin Foods (USA) Co., Inc. ("we," including its conjugated form, "our," "us" or "ours"). Nissin Foods USA (“Nissin” “us” or “we”) respects consumer privacy and is committed to protecting it.  .This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use and disclosure by us of personal information that we may collect while you are using this site and certain related services, when you contact us online, and from customers that purchase goods online from our Nissin fan store (collectively, these individuals about whom we collect data are referred to as “you” and “your” in this Privacy Policy). Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using, or submitting information to, this site. This site is intended for use by residents of the United States only.This Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit Nissin websites, contact us, or otherwise provide us with information, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect:- On our Websites, including https://nissinfoods.com/ and https://nissinfanstore.com/- In email, text, and other electronic messages, complaints, or communications, between you and us, including between you and our Website.- When we process purchases made by you from our online fan store at https://nissinfanstore.com/- Any paper submitted by you to us offline.Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or submit information to us. By accessing or using our Website and/or submitting information to us, you agree with this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of our Website and/or provision of information to us after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.Your ConsentBy using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed with any and all of the terms of this Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure by us of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.About ChildrenThis site is not intended for children under the age of 13. If you are 12 years of age or younger, you are not allowed to access, use or browse this site. Although we will not knowingly collect information from site visitors in this age group, we encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to Web sites.How We Collect Your InformationNissin obtains the categories of information listed below from the following categories of sources:- Directly from you. We collect information you provide to us when you communicate with us in electronic or other communications, through the use of our Website, when you register with our websites, and when you make purchases with us.- Indirectly from you. We passively collect information from you, your household, or devices associated with you or your household through your use and actions on our Website, through cookies on our Website.We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“Personal Information”).  Personal Information for the purposes of this policy does not include deidentified or aggregated consumer information.Active Information CollectionLike many other Web sites, this site may actively collect information from its visitors both by asking you specific questions and through your direct communications with us via e-mail and feedback forms, or when you make purchases at our Nissin fan store at nissinfanstore.com. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable and/or sensitive information (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, phone number, financial information such as debit or credit card information used for purchases, commercial information such as records of products purchases, product replacement records, any records of complaint regarding our products, and other related information; "Personally Identifiable Information"). If you communicate with us in connection with this Web site by telephone or other communication methods, we may retain those communications to process your inquiries, process and provide you with information regarding your nissinfanstore.com order, to respond to your requests, complaint, or comments, to provide you with replacement products if necessary, to notify our manufacturers relating to any product defects or improvements, to improve the content of this site, and/or for any other purposes for which you provided that information. In such cases, we will treat such communications as Personally Identifiable Information.Some areas of this site may require you to submit certain Personally Identifiable Information in order for you to benefit from the specified features (such as applying for a job) or to participate in a particular activity (such as sweepstakes or other promotions), or to make purchases from our Nissin fan store. You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional. When you are asked to provide your Personally Identifiable Information, it is your choice whether to do so or not. Although some services are not available unless you provide to us your Personally Identifiable Information, provision of such Personally Identifiable Information to us is entirely your choice.Passive Information CollectionAs you navigate through a Web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol addresses, cookies, Internet tags, and navigational data collection. In most cases, such information is not personally identifiable.This site may collect and/or use your Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer). We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site and administer and improve the site.A "cookie" is a bit of information that a Web site sends to your Web browser that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences."Session" cookies are temporary bits of information that are erased once you exit your Web browser window or otherwise turn your computer off. Session cookies are used to improve navigation on Web sites and to collect aggregate statistical information. This site collects and/or uses your session cookies."Persistent" cookies are more permanent bits of information that are placed on the hard drive of your computer and stay there unless you delete the cookie. Persistent cookies store information on your computer for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided (e.g., passwords), helping to determine what areas of the Web site visitors find most valuable and customizing the Web site based on your preferences. This site collects and/or uses your persistent cookies."Navigational data" ("log files," "server logs," and "clickstream" data) are used for system management, to improve the content of the site, market research purposes and to communicate information to visitors. This site collects and/or uses your navigational data.In the event that this site allows you to create a personal account or file along with your unique ID and password, this site may automatically save or record your Personally Identifiable Information, including your unique ID, password, log-in/out time and/or other activities you may undertake through or in your account or file.Use and Disclosure of InformationNissin does not disclose, share, or sell your personal information to any third parties for any monetary or commercial benefit, and has not disclosed, shared, or sold your personal information in the past 12 months, for any monetary or commercial benefit. Except as otherwise stated, we may use your information only: (i) to improve the content of this site; (ii) to customize this site to your preferences; (iii) to communicate information to you (if you have requested it); (iv) to conduct our marketing and research of this site, related services thereof or our products; (v) to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to this site, and administer and improve this site; (vi) to improve navigation on Web sites and to collect aggregate statistical information; (vii) to process your inquiries, to respond to your requests; (vii) to full your purchase orders from nissinfanstore.com; (ix) to the extent necessary to inform our manufacturers on any product defects for safety or health reasons; and/or (x) for other purposes related thereto.If you provide Personally Identifiable Information to this site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. We will take reasonable measures to prevent your Personally Identifiable Information from being combined with passively collected information, unless you consent otherwise.We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties, located in the United States and/or any other country, but only: (i) to contractors we use to support our business (e.g., fulfillment services, technical support, delivery services, and financial institutions), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy; (ii) in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy; or (iii) where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations. In addition, we will make full use of all information acquired through this site that is not in personally identifiable form. If we plan to use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purposes other than that for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of your Personally Identifiable Information for those purposes before we do so. We may aggregate the Personally Identifiable Information of users or visitors of this site to produce statistical or other non-personally identifiable form of data, and share with a third party such aggregated data.Access and CorrectionTo keep your Personally Identifiable Information accurate, current and complete, we will make your Personally Identifiable Information available to you. If you find that your Personally Identifiable Information is inaccurate, please contact us as specified below. At your request, we will take reasonable steps to update or correct personally identifiable information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this site. However, we are not obliged to correct or remove your Personally Identifiable Information if it will cause undue burden or expense or violate the rights of other persons.SecurityWe take reasonable steps to protect your Personally Identifiable Information as you transmit your information from your computer to this site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them. We also limit access to your Personal Information to our employees who reasonably need to know your Personally Identifiable Information.Data IntegrityWe process Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personally Identifiable Information is accurate, complete and current; however, you should understand that we need your cooperation in updating or correcting your Personally Identifiable Information.Links to Other Web SitesThis site may contain links or references to other Web sites. Please be aware that we do not control other Web sites and that, in any case, this Privacy Policy does not apply to those Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every Web site you visit.Submitted InformationIf you submit any information to us, including any comments, remarks, suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, graphics, concepts, recipes or other information, you are giving us a non-exclusive, transferable, irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide license to use such information, except for your Personally Identifiable Information, to us free of charge, and that information will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be used by us for any purpose, without your consent or any compensation to you or anyone else; provided that, in the event that your provided information contains your Personal Identifiable Information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to separate non-personally identifiable parts thereof from the Personally Identifiable Information, or to convert such information into a non-personally identifiable form, before we use or disclose such information. This is true whether you submit such information to us by e-mail, through a form on the site, or in any other manner.Please do not submit or transmit any material that is unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane or might in any other way violate any law. You are solely responsible for any material you submit to us.The Rights of California Consumers Under the CCPACalifornia consumers have additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).  The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.  Right to Request Disclosure About the Personal Information Collected About YouConsumers, as defined in the CCPA, have the right to request that Nissin disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we have received and verified your request, we will disclose to you:- The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.- The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.- Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal Information.- The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information, if any.- The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).- If we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, a separate list identifying disclosures for a business purpose and the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient received.Nissin is not required to retain any Personal Information collected for a single, one-time transaction, if the information is not regularly retained by Nissin, or re-identify any anonymous or de-identified information, in order to disclose that information to you.Deletion Request Rights Consumers, as defined in the CCPA, have the right to request that Nissin delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we have received and verified your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.Nissin may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:- Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.- Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.- Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.- Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.- Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).- Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.- Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.- Comply with a legal obligation.- Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.Exercising Access and Deletion RightsTo exercise your Access and Deletion Rights, you will need to submit a verifiable consumer request so that Nissin is able to corroborate your identity and provide your information to you.To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: Calling us at:  (833) 260-6486www.nissinfoods.com/contactEmailing us at Consumeraffairs@nissinfoods.comMailing us at: 2001 W. Rosecrans Avenue, Gardena, CA 90249, Attn:  Consumer AffairsOnly you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:- Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.- Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.Non-DiscriminationWe will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:- Deny you goods or services.- Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.- Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.- Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyNissin reserves the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on our Website and update the Privacy Policy’s effective date. Your continued use of our Website and/or submitting information to us following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.Last Modified:  April 8, 2020Contact InformationIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which Nissin collects and uses your information, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please contact us at:  Calling us at:  (833) 260-6486www.nissinfoods.com/contactEmailing us at Consumeraffairs@nissinfoods.comMailing us at: 2001 W. Rosecrans Avenue, Gardena, CA 90249, Attn:  Consumer AffairsLegal Notice About This Internet SiteAll content of this site is owned or controlled by Nissin Foods (U.S.A.) Co., Inc. and is protected by copyright laws and international treaties. You may download content only for your personal use for non-commercial purposes but no modification or further reproduction of the content is permitted. The content may otherwise not be copied or used in any way.We will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information in this site, but make no representations, warranties or assurances as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of the information provided. We shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this site or from your reliance on any information provided at this site.This site may provide links or references to other sites but we have no responsibility for the content of such other sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from that content. Any links to other sites are provided as merely a convenience to the users of this site.The trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress and products in this site are protected in the United States and internationally. No use of any of these may be made without the prior, written authorization of the owners of this site, except to identify the products or services of the company.Any Personally Identifiable Information in electronic communications to this site is governed by this site's Privacy Policy. We shall be free to use or copy all other information in any such communications, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques or know-how disclosed therein, for any purposes. Such purposes may include disclosure to third parties and/or developing, manufacturing and/or marketing goods or services.The sender of any communications to this site or otherwise to us shall be responsible for the content and information contained therein, including its truthfulness and accuracy.