http://www.buteline.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
For the purposes of this privacy policy, reference to “we”, “our” and “us” means reference to Buteline NZ Limited, Buteline Australia Pty Ltd, Buteline UK Limited and Buteline Malaysia Sdn Bhd. Reference to “you” and “your” means reference to you.
This privacy policy applies to personal information submitted by you on this and other websites operated by us and to information automatically obtained during your visits to our websites. Our websites are: https://www.buteline.com/nz/, https://www.buteline.com/au/, https://www.buteline.com/my/ and https://www.buteline.com/uk/.
Reference to “Privacy Act” is a reference to each of the Privacy Act 1993 (New Zealand), the Federal Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Australia), Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (Malaysia) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (United Kingdom) as applicable. Reference to “Principles” means reference to the privacy principals under the applicable Privacy Act.
We take your privacy seriously. This privacy policy explains how we collect, hold, use, disclose and protect your personal information and how you can access that personal information. We may change this privacy policy at any time. Any amendments to this privacy policy will be uploaded to this website and amendments will be effective from the date of upload.
Collection of personal information
We collect personal information about you including names, email address, social media addresses, contact details, location and any other information that you voluntarily provide to us.
We will collect your personal information through different channels including when you communicate with us, such as when you:
fill out a “contact form” on our website; or
contact, register with, post to, like, follow or engage with us on any of our social media pages; or
use our website; or
send an email to us; or
give us feedback, comments and product reviews; or
participate in our marketing activities, promotions and events.
We may automatically collect general information about visitors to our website for statistical purposes including IP addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, location, dates visited, pages visited and number of visitors. All information collected is analysed at an aggregated level so you will not be identified at an individual level.
We use "cookies" on our website to monitor your use of the website. “Cookies” are pieces of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, which can identify your web browser, but not you. You can disable your web browser from accepting cookies before using our website, however if you do so, some features of our website may not fully function.
We use third party providers to provide us with web analytics services in order to improve our website and our services. These providers may use cookies and other technology to collect information on how individuals use our website.
Use of personal information
We will use your personal information for the purposes of:
responding to your queries or other issues including any complaints;
providing services and products to you;
informing you of new products, services, upcoming promotions and events (if you have opted into this service in the ‘contact form’ on our website);
statistical research (all information collected is analysed at an aggregated level so you will not be identified at an individual level); and
for internal administration relating to any of the above purposes.
Disclosure of personal information
We may disclose personal information to:
any third party business that supports our services and products, including any person or entity that hosts or maintains any underlying IT system or data centre that we use to provide this website or other services and products; or
third parties for anonymised statistical information (for example for web analytics services); and
any person authorised by the Privacy Act or another law (for example a law enforcement agency).
We may need to transfer and store information internationally between our overseas branches.
Retention and protection of personal information
We will do our best to make sure that the information we collect, store, use or disclose about you is accurate, complete and up to date. Prompt notification of any changes to personal contact details will help us do this.
We will do our best to protect your information from misuse or loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure in accordance with the Privacy Act.
The information we collect is stored in a secure database in on-premises servers and in cloud-based storage.
We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the services or information that you have requested, to comply with the law and to ensure that we do not communicate with you if you have asked us not to.
Accessing, correcting and deleting your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information that we hold and request correction or deletion of your personal information from our systems.
If you request that we delete your personal information, we may not be able to provide products or services to you.
You can unsubscribe from our txt or email marketing subscriptions at any time by following the prompts in our emails or txts or by contacting us at btl@buteline.co.nz.
Your consent
By providing information to us you acknowledge that you have received notice of this privacy policy and consent to the collection and use of your information by us in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you do not agree with this privacy policy then please do not provide us with your information or continue using our websites and social media pages.
Our details
If you have any queries about privacy information or would like to access and correct any of your information held by us, please contact us at:
If you are located in New Zealand:
Buteline NZ LtdPO Box 204308HighbrookAuckland 2161New Zealand.
Or via email at btl@buteline.co.nz
If you are located in Australia:
Buteline Australia Pty Ltd (Sydney Office)Suite 8, 76 Henry StreetPenrith, NSW 2750Australia
Or via email at sydney@buteline.com.au
If you are located in the UK:
Buteline UK LimitedUnit 9, Swanbridge Industrial Park Black Croft RoadWitham, Essex, CM8 3YNUnited Kingdom
Or via email at marketing@buteline.co.uk
If you are located in Malaysia:
Buteline Marketing Sdn BhdUnit G-2-1, Block Gurney, Plaza Arkadia,No. 3, Jalan Intisari Perdana, Desa Parkcity55200 Kuala LumpurMalaysia
Or via email at sales@buteline.com.my
Home
Welcome
System Overview
Certification
Projects
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Find a stockist play_arrow
This website uses cookies to optimise your experience. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
Accept and close this alert or
Read Privacy Policy