http://www.jonesandpalmer.co.uk/site-essentials/privacy-policy/
Exit
Home
About
Services
View Services's child pages
Corporate reporting
Sustainability
Corporate brand development
Digital
Work
Thinking
Careers
Contact
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
Back to top
Privacy policy
Please read this Privacy Policy before using, or submitting information, to this site
As an essential part of our business, we collect and manage customer data. In doing so, we observe UK data protection legislation, and are committed to protecting and respecting customers’ privacy and rights. Specifically, we act as “Data Controller” in respect of the information gathered and processed by this website.
Any communications you send to this site or otherwise to us are on a non-confidential basis. However, we will not share personally identifiable information without authorisation from the user. If we share personal information with other companies, they can use this information but cannot combine this information with other information they have about the user or share this information with other companies or people without the user's express permission.
We will not generally comply with requests to disclose the identities of our users without notice and/or permission of the users, except when legally required to do so, or pursuant to a request of a governmental or law enforcement agency.
We operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. However, we shall not be liable for any loss, misuse or alteration to data in the event of a break down of security measures or any other unauthorised access of the data.
We respect your right to be forgotten, have information corrected and to have general access to data held about you.
Please direct any requests for further information to data@jonesandpalmer.co.uk
or via post to: Data Controller, Jones and Palmer Limited, 87-95 Carver Street, Birmingham, B1 3AR, UK