https://www.brannan.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how S. Brannan & Sons Limited uses and protects any information that you give S. Brannan & Sons Limited when you use this website. S. Brannan & Sons Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. S. Brannan & Sons may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Under requirements of The GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) act, we have a legal duty to protect any personal information we collect from or hold about you. We do not pass on your details to any third party unless you explicitly give us permission to do so.
We undertake to maintain the confidentiality of all personal data held or processed by us. If you wish to review the Company’s entry on the Data Protection Register the Company’s registration number is Z7770693.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
- name
- contact information including email address
- demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
- other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and for the following reasons:
- Internal record keeping.
- We may use the information to improve our products and services.
- We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
- From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
- In some cases, we may ask you to 'opt-in' to receive future communications including emails. In other cases, when we ask you for information about yourself you may, by ticking the appropriate box provided, tell us that you do not want to receive future communications from us.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Retention of data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a 3rd party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing that service.
Depending on your own settings or the policies of social media and messaging services such as Facebook, WhatsApp or Twitter, you may be providing Brannan and other organisations access to certain information. You should check with those services to ensure you're happy with that information being shared.
How do we protect your personal information?
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to protect your online transactions. SSL encrypts the personal information you provide to us before travelling over the internet. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information you provide to us against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing.
Controlling your personal information
Current legislation provides you with the following rights for in relation to the processing of your personal data:
The right to be informed about your processing of your personal data;
The right to request access to your personal data and information about how we process it;
The right to rectification, to have your data corrected if it’s inaccurate and to have incomplete personal data completed;
The right to have your personal data erased (the ‘right to be forgotten’);
The right to restrict processing of your personal data;
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal data (‘data portability’);
The right to object to processing of your personal data and;
Rights in relation to automated decision making including profiling
To find out more about what these rights mean for you, refer to the Information Commissioner's website: https://ico.org.uk/
Scope
This privacy policy covers the Brannan website only. It does not cover any external third-party operated websites accessed by links from within our site.
Review
This document will be reviewed at any time there is a significant change to systems/procedure and, at minimum, will be reviewed annually. The policies contained within this document represent the security responsibilities of all Brannan staff, employees and volunteers.  They are to be adhered to at all times and locations whenever Brannan activities are being performed.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this statement or you wish to discuss your data, you can contact Brannan’s Data Protection Representative by writing to:
Data Controller
S. Brannan & Sons Limited
Unit 1, Leconfield Industrial Estate
Cleator Moor
Cumbria
CA25 5QE
England
This policy was revised on 24 May 2018.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Compare Products
You have no items to compare.
Covid-19
Payment Methods
Working with Resellers
Our business is meeting the needs of resellers: Retailers, Wholesalers, Stockists and Own Branders.
Please visit this link for more information on stocking our products.
Product Catalogues
Our product catalogues can be ordered by visiting this link
For more information please contact us on Tel: +44 (0) 1946 816 600 or email at sales@brannan.co.uk and we will be happy to help with your enquiry.
Accreditations
The company’s Quality Management system operates within the scope of ISO 9001:2015. Our current certificate of registration can be found here. Our management system is also certified to the Environmental standard ISO 14001:2015, our current certificate of registration can be found here. We also have a UKAS accredited calibration laboratory that operates within the scope of ISO 17025:2017. Our accreditation is limited to those activities described on our UKAS schedule of accreditation found here
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Keep up to date with the latest news, new products and special offers from Brannan
Subscribe
Useful Links
Calibration Services
Trade & Resellers
Product Catalogues
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Company Information
About Us
How To Find Us
Customer Service
Shipping and Delivery
Privacy Policy
Career Opportunities
Brannan Policies
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
CONTACT US
S.Brannan & Sons
Leconfield Industrial Estate
Cleator Moor
Cumbria
CA25 5QE
England
Tel: +44 (0) 1946 816 600
Fax: +44 (0) 1946 816 625
Email: sales@brannan.co.uk
Registered No: 290512 England. © 2016 S. Brannan & Sons. All Rights Reserved. Magento Hosting By NuBlue.
S. Brannan & Sons - Leconfield Industrial Estate - Cleator Moor - CA25 5QE - England