https://www.sweettractors.com/terms.asp
www.sweettractors.com
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC 1-888-478-1343ClickHomeFree Shipping Within 1000 Mi.
View Cart My Account Help
Home
Ebay Store
Facebook
Customer's Choice for New and Used 3 Point Tractor Equipment
Box Blades/Grader Blades
Cement/Concrete Mixers
Cultipackers
Cultivators
Disc Harrows
Disc Mowers
Drum Mowers
Grooming Mowers/Brush Hogs
Hay Equipment
Hillers/Bedders
Parts and Accessories
Planters/Transplanters
Plows
Post Hole Diggers/Drivers
Roto Tillers
Seeding/Renovating
Sickle Mowers
Tillage
Used Tractors
Terminal Locations
About Us
Blog
Returns
Shipping
Site Help / FAQ
Manufacturers
Store Location
Contact Us
Knowledge Base
Round/Square Baler
Bookmark us!
Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest news and specials!
Bookmark us!
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Sweet Farm Equipment LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC . Copyright 2003,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC   or purchasing
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC   or to purchase
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC . You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of www.sweettractors.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law,  Sweet Farm Equipment LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Sweet Farm Equipment LLC does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Sweet Farm Equipment LLC does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilitySweet Farm Equipment LLC  shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeSweet Farm Equipment LLC  may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, phone call, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC .MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  products shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions.
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerSweet Farm Equipment LLC  does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC , its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC ,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC . These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless,
Sweet Farm Equipment LLC  seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).Kentucky Sales TaxWe are required to collect the 6% Ky sales tax at the point of sale on purchases made by Ky residents. If you are considered a Ky. farm by the Ky Dept of Revenue, Sweet Farm Equipment LLC will refund the 6% when provided with a filled out and signed, Ky "Farm Tax Exempt" form. We are capable of emailing, faxing or mailing via US Postal Service this Ky. tax exempt form to you, upon your request. You fill it out and return it to us and we will refund the tax.                                                       Layaway Terms and Conditions of Sale1. Where allowed by law, this layaway is subject to anon-refundable layaway initiation fee set forth onyour layaway receipt that will be emailed or faxed to you.No partial pick-up or partial cancellations. 2. Layaways which are delinquent in payments by morethan 7 days may be cancelled by Sweet Farm EquipmentLLC. $50 cancellation fee will be charged on layaways thatare cancelled, refunded or which are delinquentin payments by more than 7 days (10 days for OH,15 days for MD). MD cancellation fee is 10% oftotal merchandise cost, OH cancellation fee is$0, RI cancellation fee is up to 10% of paymentsmade to date at time of cancellation. 3. Layaway period is determined by final payment duedate and will be either 2 or 4 months dependingon type of merchandise. Mandatory payments dueevery  month. Total number of payments dependson final payment due date. 4. Down payment is 20% of the total purchase. 5. All layaways must be paid in full and shipped orpicked up within 15 days after your final due date. Ifnot, order will be cancelled, returned to stock, andcancellation fee will be deducted from your refund.Select items may require off premise storage and willbe made available 7 days after final payment. Seestore sales associate for details. 6. Price adjustments cannot be facilitated online. Forin-store price adjustments, no adjustments after 14days from layaway start date. Except where prohibitedby law, multiple price adjustments on the same itemnot permitted and price adjustments not allowed onclearance merchandise. 7. By providing customer info and telephone number oremail address to Sweet Farm Equipment LLC, you expresslyagree that Sweet Farm Equipment LLC may use thosemethods to contact you concerning your layaway purchase.You also agree that Sweet Farm Equipment LLC and itsaffiliates may use this contact info for marketing messagesthat may be of interest to you. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS FOR ONLINE LAYAWAY CUSTOMERS:1) Contract cancellations not allowed online and must bedone by phone at 1-866-528-3323 or email at sweet@scrtc.com.2) Layaway contracts must be shipped or picked up from store wherethe merchandise is being held within 15 days afterfinal payment is made and merchandise is madeavailable. Notice to RI customers: You are entitled to a copy ofthis document at the time you sign; you may pay fullbalance due under this agreement at any time, and in RI,  you may be entitled to a partial rebate of finance andinsurance charges if applicable; you may also cancel thisagreement if you notify seller in person or by certifiedor registered mail within 10 calendar days after you signthe agreements excluding Sundays and Holidays. Notice to OH customers: If your purchase amount is over$500 and you default on this agreement you are entitledto purchase merchandise equal to the amount paid at thetime of default or we will provide a refund lesscancellation fee. If you cancel by written notice within5 days of this agreement you will receive a full refund. Notice to NY customers: If stored off premise, nomerchandise will be removed from inventory until 50% ofthe purchase price has been paid.
About Us
Contact Us
Bookmark Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Like Us On Facebook!
Shipping
Returns
Google+
Product Index
Category Index
My Account
My Cart
Copyright ©  www.sweettractors.com. All Rights Reserved.Built with Volusion