http://www.jollytech.com/company/privacy-policy.php
JOLLY
Products
EVENTLEAFEvent Management
LOBBYTRACKVisitor Management
ID FLOWID Card Issuance
Contact Us
Support
How To Guides
Product Updates
Contact Support
Check Ticket Status
Product Activation
See All Support Topics
Privacy Policy
This document sets forth the Jolly Online Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") for this Web site, www.jollytech.com (the "Site"). If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use this Site.
In this statement, Jolly Technologies has agreed to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Jolly control
How you can access, correct, or update your information
What personally identifiable information or third party personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site
While visiting the Site, for certain activities, such as purchasing products, Jolly may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online registration form. You may be asked to provide personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address, e-mail address, company name, telephone number, and other personal information. When ordering products or services on the Site, you may be asked to provide a credit card number. Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as optional. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
When you use the Site, Jolly may also collect certain technical and routing information about your computer to facilitate your use of the Site and its services. For example, we may log environmental variables, such as browser type, operating system, CPU speed, and the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer. We use these environmental variables to facilitate and track your use of the Site and its services. Jolly also uses such environmental variables to measure traffic patterns on the Site.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small piece of information that our Web site may provide to your browser while you are at our site. The Site supplies your browser with cookies that contain a unique identifier used to better understand Web site usage in the aggregate. It functions as your identification card, and enables Jolly to record your passwords, purchases, and preferences.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. If you simply want to browse, you do not have to accept cookies from our site, although choosing not to accept cookies could limit your ability to use certain areas of the Web site. Should you decide, however, that you would like to register for a service and you have modified your browser settings not to accept cookies, you will need to re-set your browser to accept the cookies that we send.
The organization collecting the information
Personal information on this Site is collected by Jolly Technologies Inc. ("Jolly") a Delaware corporation with the principal place of business at 1510 Fashion Island Boulevard, Suite 102, San Mateo, CA 94404, doing business as Jolly Technologies.
How the information is used
Jolly collects your information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. If you subscribe to a service or register a product, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users.
Jolly may collect information about the use of the Site, such as the types of services used and how many users we receive daily. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. Jolly may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, marketing, or similar promotional purposes.
With whom the information may be shared
Jolly recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on this Site. We partner with other parties to provide specific services related to our industry. We may share names, or other contact
information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information
except for the purpose of providing these services.
We do not share your information with outside companies who are not a part of our partner program. We do not track URLs that you type into your browser, nor do we track you across the Internet once you leave the Site.
There are other instances in which Jolly may divulge your personal information. Jolly may provide your personal information if necessary, in Jolly's good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of Jolly or others.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
Without your consent, Jolly will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Jolly, although we may find it necessary to communicate with you regarding your use of the services on this Site. Jolly provides users with an option whether to receive email communications from Jolly and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights.
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Jolly control
We use industry recognized security safeguards to help protect the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. Whenever we prompt you to transmit sensitive information, such as credit card number, we support the encryption of your data as it is transmitted to us. The personal information that you provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of Jolly products or services or registering an Jolly product is is protected in several ways and is made accessible only through a password and unique customer ID selected by you.
How you can access, correct, or update your information
You have the right to access and correct your personal information at any time. With respect to Registration Information, this may be accomplished by logging into your account, where you can view and make changes to your personal information.
Privacy-Related Inquiries
Jolly takes its users' privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that Jolly has not complied with this Online Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write to the Jolly Privacy Officer at the address listed below:
Jolly Technologies Inc.
Attn: Privacy
1510 Fashion Island Boulevard, Suite 102
San Mateo, CA 94404
Tel: 650-594-5955
Fax: 650-989-2145
Click here to locate this office
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Jolly Online Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly.
Contact Us
×
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Phone
650 594 5955
Sales
sales@jollytech.com
Support
support@eventleaf.com
More Options