http://www.shawandtenney.com/privacy-policy
Shaw and Tenney Home
Products
About
Blog
Contact
RowingTraditional Oars
Sculls, Adirondack, Specialty and Large Oars
Marine Hardware, Oarlocks, Leathers and Accessories
PaddlingTraditional Canoe Paddles
Kayak Paddles
SUP Paddles
Artisan Canoe Paddles
Paddling Accessories
BoatingBoat Hooks
Wooden Masts and Spars
The Shaw & Tenney Whitehall
Gear & ApparelApparel
Camp and Home
Pack Baskets and Bags
SpecialtyFlag Poles
Overland
Awards & EngravingAwards and Incentives
Custom Engraving for Our Paddles and Oars
About
Blog
Contact
Log in
Contact Us
Search
Shopping Cart
Empty
Total: $0.00
Checkout
Shaw and Tenney Mobile Nav
Rowing
Paddling
Boating
Gear & Apparel
Specialty
Awards & Engraving
About
Blog
Contact
Shaw and Tenney - Maine Crafted Since 1858
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order or fill out a form. When ordering, creating an account, or contacting us on our site you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, shipping address, phone number or credit card information. You may, of course, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To improve customer service:
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions:
Your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company without your consent for any reason whatsoever, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product, the service requested, or to secure payment through a third party service provider.
To send periodic emails:
The email address you provide for will be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order and/or respond to your inquiry.
We also may send you emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc that we think you may find of interest. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from our emails, we include unsubscribe instructions within each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized and who are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit card details, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser
that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally we may provide links on our website to other sites to enhance the functionality and shopping experience. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies and operate independently of Shaw & Tenney.
For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.
Privacy of Children on our Website
Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Online Privacy Policy:
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions page for information regarding return/refund policies, guarantees, warrantees, and the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.shawandtenney.com
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page.
Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us
How to Size Your Oars
To determine the correct length oar for your boat measure the distance between the port and starboard oar sockets. Then apply the Shaw and Tenney oar length formula to determine the oar length that will provide the correct 7:18 leverage ratio. This length will provide an oar where 7/25 the length is inboard of the oarlocks and 18/25 of the oar is outboard of the oarlocks. It is the ideal ratio to row almost all boats. Sized correctly, when rowing your hands will be 1 to 3 inches apart and you will be pulling directly towards your abdomen. If you are popping out of your oarlocks when rowing your oars are far too short. If you prefer an overlapping grip, add 6” to the calculated oar length. If you have more than one rowing station in your boat, measure both. Typically they will require two different length oars which is fine if you’re going to be rowing tandem and need two sets. Otherwise you’ll need to compromise the correct length to work properly in both stations. If you are rowing more than 75% in one station size the oar to that length. As always feel free to call us and were happy to help you select the correct oar length and blade style for your boat.
The Original Shaw & Tenney Oar Length Formula
To help our customers size their oars correctly, we’ve been using the same formula since 1858: Measure the distance between the center of the port and starboard oar sockets, which hold the oar locks on each gunnel. This is called the “span” between the oarlocks. Divide the span by 2, and then add 2 to this number. The result is called the “inboard loom length” of the oar. Multiply the loom length by 25, and then divide that number by 7. The result is the proper oar length in inches. Round up or down to the closest 6” increment.
How to Size Your Paddle
For traditional wooden paddles the ideal length for the Stern paddler is the bridge of your nose or 6 inches less than your height.
For the bow
paddler the paddle reaching the cleft of your chin or 9 inches less than your height is correct.
For our Racine paddle if you are over 5’6” tall select the 63-1/2” length and
the shorter paddle if you are under5’-6”tall.
When paddling solo we typically recommend a bow length paddle.
For Canadian style solo most paddlers prefer an even shorter paddle.
For paddling canoes when standing (yes our mother let us do this) a 69 inch or 72 inch paddle is usually about right.
Shaw and Tenney
Toll Free: 800-240-4867
207-866-4867
20 Water Street, PO Box 213, Orono, Maine 04473
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
Shop Shaw & Tenney
Rowing
Paddling
Boating
Gear & Apparel
Specialty
Awards & Engraving
About
Blog
Contact
More Information
About
Blog
Gallery
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Log in
Contact Us
Stay In Touch with Shaw & Tenney
Email Address
© 2019 Shaw & Tenney, Inc.