https://www.ksearchasia.com/terms/
Home
Our Firm
Our Corporate Mission and Core Values
Our Organization
Our Clients
About Horton International
Your Executive Search and Recruitment Team in Manila Works at Full Capacity, Virtually!
Executive Search & Recruitment
Practice Areas
Executive Search Process and Methodology
Featured Jobs
Top Management Job Openings
Finance and Accounting Job Openings
Information Technology Job Openings
HR and Administration Job Openings
Marketing and Sales Job Openings
Banking Job Openings
Business Process Outsourcing Job Openings
Other Job Openings
Send Resume
Articles
Contact Us
TERMS OF SERVICE
This legal notice contains the Terms and Conditions concerning the use of the KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. website. Please read this notice carefully. By using our website, you indicate your acceptance of and agree to the terms of this notice. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of this legal notice, do not use the site. These Terms and Conditions may be revised at any time by updating this notice. You should review these Terms and Conditions periodically, because they are binding on you when you use the website. Any use of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. website will be evidence of your acceptance of the then current Terms and Conditions. If at any point in time you find the Terms and Conditions unacceptable, you should no longer use the site. Our Privacy Statement is considered a part of the Terms and Conditions.
The term “you”, “your”, or “user” refers to the user or viewer of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. website. The term “us”, “we”, “our” or “site” refers to KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc..
We do not monitor every submission to the site, but may periodically do so. KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. has the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your ability to access this site at any time with or without notice and without any liability to the account user that is terminated.
The contents and compilation of our website, such as logos, images, graphics, text, button icons, and software is the sole property of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. and is protected by copyright and international treaties. You may download a single copy of the material on our site solely for your personal, noncommercial use. You may not reproduce or distribute the content in any other way for public or commercial purposes. This includes copying or adapting the HTML code used to generate the web pages for KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc.. Our logos are service marks or trademarks of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc., and all related service and product names, design emblems and slogans are service marks or trademarks of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc.. In addition, the “look” and “feel” of the site including images, color combinations, button icons, layout, design and all other graphical elements, are protected under our trademarks and copyrights. All other product and service marks contained on the site are the trademarks of their respective owners. We are not responsible for other service marks, trademarks and company names that may be the trademarks and or service marks of their respective owners.
You may not use this website in order to transmit, distribute, store or destroy material, including without limitation website content, in violation of any applicable law or regulation, in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others. You will not transmit, distribute, or store any material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, sexually explicit, or anything that is embarrassing or offensive to another person or entity.
Submission Rules:
You are prohibited from submitting false, inaccurate or misleading information. You are prohibited from deleting or revising any material by any other person or entity. You are prohibited from posting chain letters, pyramid schemes, franchise, club membership, distributorship or sales representative agency arrangement or other business opportunity which requires an upfront or periodic payment, multilevel marketing arrangements, requires recruitment of other members, sub-distributors or sub-agents.
You may not submit any material that is copyrighted, unless you own the copyright or have permission from the owner to use it. You may not post any trade secrets, unless you own them or have permission from the owner to post it. You may not submit any information or material that imposes on the intellectual property rights, the privacy or publicity rights of others.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security and integrity of our website by: submitting any material that contains viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, cancelbots, or any other computer programming routines or engines that are intended to damage, interfere, overload, flood, mailbomb, crash or in any way secretly intercept or expropriate any system, data or information. You are prohibited from taking any action that causes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. website. You may not access any data or enter into any area of the site, server or account to which you are not authorized to enter. You are prohibited from attempting to test the vulnerability of the system, or breach security without proper authorization.
Nothing contained on the site shall be considered an endorsement, warranty or representation in any way for any company, corporation, person, product, service, hiring, employment or recruiting practices. KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc. is an executive search firm. We make no warranties, representations or guarantees that the site will meet the employment objectives of the user.
© 2020
KSearch Asia Consulting, Inc.
| Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy