https://www.ncb.coop/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Personal
Checking/Money Market Accounts
Savings Accounts
Retirement Accounts
Loans
Online & Mobile Banking
Loan Payments
eStatements & Services
Financial Education
Commercial
Cash Management
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
Correspondent Banking
Lockbox and Payment Processing
Loans
Payment Options
Our Customers
Customer Success Stories
Sectors We Serve
Media Center
Blog
Press Releases
Publications
2020 Co-op Innovation Awards
Annual Meeting
About Us
Community Impact
Working at NCB
Customer Resources
Co-op Housing, Condo and HOA
COVID-19 Updates
Login
Personal & Small Business
Personal Online Loan Payments
Treasury 24/7
Lockbox Services
Members Only
Investors Only
More
Contact Us
Search
Newsletter
Close
Close
You are about to leave the website of National Cooperative Bank and view the content of an external website.
We provide links to external websites for convenience. National Cooperative Bank does not endorse and is not responsible for their content, links, privacy or securities policies.
Click OK to proceed, click Cancel to stay on this page
OK
Cancel
Close
Close
Submenu
Personal
Checking/Money Market Accounts
Savings Accounts
Retirement Accounts
Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity
Online & Mobile Banking
Loan Payments
eStatements & Services
Financial Education
Commercial
Cash Management
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
Correspondent Banking
Lockbox and Payment Processing
Loans
Commercial Loans
Commercial Real Estate Loans
Community Association Loans
SBA Loans
Payment Options
Our Customers
Customer Success Stories
Sectors We Serve
Media Center
Blog
Press Releases
Publications
2020 Co-op Innovation Awards
Annual Meeting
About Us
Community Impact
Working at NCB
Customer Resources
Co-op Housing, Condo and HOA
COVID-19 Updates
Privacy Policy
What does NCB do with your Personal Information?
Your Privacy
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What We Share
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and transaction history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Why We Share
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons NCB chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does NCB share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes— such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes— to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your transactions and experiences
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
What we do
How does NCB protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does NCB collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include National Consumer Cooperative Bank, a financial institution established by Congress, and National Cooperative Bank, N.A., a national bank.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
NCB does not share information with non-affiliates so that they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners can include but may not be limited to credit card companies or other financial services companies.
Online Privacy Policy
Use of Cookies
We use “cookies” to provide you with a better online experience. A cookie is a small text file that can be placed on your system when you visit a website. Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site stores on a visitor's Web browser to remind the site about the visitor the next time they visit the site. Our Site does not require users to accept cookies, and you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it.
Cookies cannot be used to capture your e-mail address, obtain data from your hard drive or gain confidential or sensitive information about you. Additionally, cookies cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. Some Web sites, however, use cookies to obtain information from your browser. You can set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie, so that you can control whether you accept or reject a cookie. You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preference.
Tracking and Online Advertising
NCB uses third party advertising to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. Through the use of cookies and Action Tags (commonly referred to as Web beacons or GIF tags), which are inserted in various places within our Web site, such third party companies may collect anonymous information about your visits to the NCB website and your interaction with our ads and content. For instance, they may keep track of how many of our ads you have seen on other web sites before visiting our Web site. This information is used to understand your browsing behavior and interests so that we can identify your financial needs and provide service and advertising that is tailored to you.
Some of our ads on third-party websites feature an Advertising Options Icon, that when clicked, (i) describes the collection and uses of data gathered at the relevant third-party website and (ii) provides a way for you to opt out of data collection and use by the third parties listed for the purposes of OBA. If you choose to opt out, you may opt out by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices or by clicking on the AdChoices icon in an advertisement and following the instructions. You may also opt out of receiving behavioral ads from many sites through the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI) Opt-Out Tool http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
Please note that because cookies are stored by your browser, if you use different browsers on your computer, or multiple computers and devices that have browsers and you do not wish to have cookies collect information for OBA purposes, you will need to opt out of OBA from each browser on each of the computers and devices that you use. Please note that even if you opt out of OBA, you may still receive advertisements from us; they just won’t be customized.
Controlling Cookies
Visit the Federal Trade Commission to learn more about how to limit tracking and online advertising through controlling cookies and other tracking technology that is attached to your browser.
Social Media
National Cooperative Bank maintains information on social media sites like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and LinkedIn. When you post information on NCB’s social media pages it will be subject to the privacy and security conditions of the social media site. When you log into NCB owned social media properties, we collect information about your activities on those properties. The information we review includes whether you visited or commented on a post.
Email Choices
Under various federal and state laws and regulations, customers and visitors may choose not to receive promotional email or electronic newsletters from us by following the "unsubscribe" or "remove" instructions in the specific email from which they wish to opt-out.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Information
This Website is not directed to children. We do not market to children, nor do we knowingly collect or retain personally identifiable information from children.
Security Practices
We continually review our security safeguards in order to protect customer and visitor information that we gather, transmit, and store in connection with our Website. Please see the security section under our "Privacy Policy and Security" links on our Website for additional information on how we protect your information as well as steps you can take yourself to enjoy a safe and secure online experience.
Remember to educate yourself on scams and threats and to maintain your computer operating system and data security software up to date. We will never request that you provide, update or verify via email your personal or account information, including passwords, Social Security Number and PIN(s).
NCB Supplemental Privacy Policy and Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in NCB’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("personal information").  For purposes of this notice, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994, and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
In particular, the GLBA is a federal law that requires banks and certain other organizations to take steps to protect consumer information, and most of the information NCB collects from California residents is collected in connection with financial transactions or potential financial transactions and thus outside the scope of this supplemental policy statement and exempt from the CCPA.
Other than information excluded from the scope of personal information above, specifically in including personal information covered by GLBA, we may have collected the following categories of personal information from California consumers within the last twelve (12) months.  For each box, a “yes” indicates one or more of the listed examples, but not necessarily all of them.
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website.
Service providers
Use of Personal Information
NCB is a national bank. All data we collect is for the business purpose of providing financial services, marketing those services, and improving those services and our customers’ experience with NCB.
See our “Online Privacy Policy” for additional information regarding cookies and other information regarding on line privacy.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without updating this policy statement.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.  The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company had not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Note however, that these rights do not apply to information that is covered by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which is a federal law that requires banks and certain other organizations to take steps to protect consumer information.  This applies to any information obtained by NCB in connection with a transaction or possible transaction with you.  Thus, the rights below do not apply to any such information.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
As required by the CCPA, as a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information covered by the CCPA to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We may refer to or otherwise use this supplemental policy to make such disclosure to you.
Deletion Request Rights
As required by the CCPA, as a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete your personal information covered by the CCPA (and not used in connection with a transaction or possible transaction) and that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to or in connection with:
Any banking product or services we provide to you or otherwise to complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546
seq.).
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 800-955-9622
Submitting a contact form on ncb.coop
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include IP address or other information.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact
800.955.9622
2011 Crystal Drive,Suite 800Arlington, VA 22202
Legal
Privacy
Terms of Service
Account Terms and Conditions
Truth-in-Savings
Security
Accessibility
More
Careers
Sitemap
Social
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
©2020 National Cooperative Bank. All Rights Reserved. NCB NMLS# 422343. Banking products and services provided by National Cooperative Bank, N.A. Member FDIC. We provide links to external websites for convenience. National Cooperative Bank does not endorse and is not responsible for their content, links, privacy or security policies.