http://www.woodweb.com/privacypolicy.html
Your use of the WOODWEB Web Site or Services constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and consent to the terms herein and in the User Agreement.
Unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, the defined terms shall have the meaning set forth in the User Agreement.
Introduction
WOODWEB is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to the Site. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you provide us remains private and is used only for the purposes set forth herein.
This privacy policy details our commitment to protect your information and the limited manner in which we will use that information to provide and improve our provision of Services.
Important Terms Used Throughout This Privacy Policy
Throughout this privacy policy we use several specialized terms. "Personally Identifiable Information" is information that tells us specifically who you are, like your name, street address, email address, billing address, credit card number and expiration date. "User Information" means all Personally Identifiable Information and any other forms of information discussed in this privacy policy, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address of a user's computer. We use the term "aggregate" when we combine information from various persons or users. Information is said to be "anonymized" if it does not identify individual persons or entities or associate a particular person or entity with such information.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
If you visit the Site to browse, we will only collect and store the domain name and host from which a user accessed the Internet (e.g., aol.com), the IP address of the user's computer, the user's browser software and operating system, the date and time the user accesses the Site and the Internet address of any Web Site from which the user linked directly to our Site or to which the user links after visiting our Site. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to sections of our Sites, to determine from where our visitors linked and to where our visitors link from the Sites and to help us make our Sites more useful. For example, we organize and analyze IP addresses so that we can provide efficient service, enhance security, monitor appropriate usage and produce traffic volume statistics. This type of information is sometimes shared with third parties, such as when we aggregate and disclose Site traffic information for marketing and commercial purposes.
If you send us communications, then we may collect and archive such communications in a file specific to you. If you send communications through the Site, then we may collect and archive such communication.
We use the information we collect from you to build features that we hope will make our Services more attractive and easier for you to use. This may include better customer support and timely notice of new Services. We may share User Information with our partners, affiliates joint venturers and advertisers that are committed to serving your need for our Services and improving your user experience. We may also share aggregate anonymized data relating to activity on the Site and use of our Services, such as demographical and statistical information, for marketing, research and other purposes.
As set forth in our User Agreement and in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law, WOODWEB may but is not obligated to, monitor and review any activity, content and User Information for violation of WOODWEB policies and/or violation of any law or regulation.
WOODWEB may also, but is not obligated, to monitor and review User Information to investigate any suspected or reported violation of applicable policies, laws or regulations. Furthermore, User Information may be disclosed to law enforcement or other government officials if appropriate for your protection or in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or our users to legal liability.
If You Do Not Wish to Disclose User Information
If you do not want to provide us with certain User Information then you may opt out by not using the Service that provides us with such User Information.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that our site can send to your browser for storage on your hard drive. Cookies can make your use of our site easier by saving your status and preferences upon visits to our site. The cookies are refreshed every time you enter the site. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. We use cookies to enable WOODWEB to customize information for certain segments of its customer base.
Third Parties
This privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of User Information collected by WOODWEB. If you disclose information to other parties, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of such information regardless of their affiliation or relationship with WOODWEB. Because WOODWEB does not control the privacy practices of third parties you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of those third parties. When you link to another Web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that Web site. We encourage you to ask questions and review the applicable privacy policy before you disclose your personal information to third parties.
We do not try to control, and disclaim responsibility for, information provided by other users or third parties that is made available through our Site. Such information may contain errors, intentional or otherwise, or may be offensive, inappropriate or inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled.
Merger, Assets, Sales, etc.
If WOODWEB or any of its lines of business is sold, pledged or disposed of as a going concern whether by merger, sale of assets, bankruptcy or otherwise, then the user database of WOODWEB could be sold as part of that transaction and all User Information accessed by such successor or purchaser.
How do I Contact WOODWEB
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you can contact WOODWEB at info@woodweb.com.
Miscellaneous
WOODWEB may from time to time change this privacy policy with or without notice, so please check it regularly for any changes or updates. For future reference, WOODWEB will make a link to the current privacy policy available to you on your screen when you are on our Site. Your use of the Site or Services constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and User Agreement and your assent to any modification thereto.
Knowledge Base: General Items
Search/Browse Knowledge Base
Most Recent Knowledgebase Additions
Adhesives, Gluing, and Laminating
All Related Articles
Glues and Bonding Agents
Gluing and Clamping Equip
Architectural Millwork
All Related Articles
Custom Millwork
Doors and Windows
Flooring
General
Millwork Installer
Lathe Turning
Mouldings
Millwork Restoration
Stairs
Stock Manufacturing
Business
All Related Articles
Employee Relations
Estimating/Accounting/Profit
Legal
Marketing
Plant Management
Project Management
Sales
Cabinetmaking
All Related Articles
Commercial Cabinetry
Custom Cabinet Construction
Cabinet Design
Cabinet Door Construction
General
Installation
Residential Cabinetry
Store Fixtures
Computerization
All Related Articles
Software
CAD and Design
CNC Machinery and Techniques
Dust Collection, Safety, Plant Operation
All Related Articles
General
Material Handling
Wood Waste Disposal
Safety Equipment
Hazard Communication
Finishing
All Related Articles
General Wood Finishing
High Speed Production
Refinishing
Forestry
All Related Articles
Agro-Forestry
Forest Product Laboratory Articles
Tree Pests and Diseases
Timber Harvesting
Tree Planting
Woodlot Management
Furniture
All Related Articles
Custom Furniture
Furniture Design
General
Furniture Manufacturing
Outdoor Furniture
Furniture Repairs
Furniture Reproduction
Restoration
Laminating and Solid Surfacing
All Related Articles
Fabrication Techniques
Materials
Equipment
Lumber and Plywood
All Related Articles
Buying
Storage
Wood Identification
General
Panel Processing
All Related Articles
General
Machine Setup/Maintenance
Primary Processing
All Related Articles
Air Drying Lumber
Kiln Construction
Kiln Operation
Lumber Grading
Sawmilling
Woodlot Management
Yield Formulas
Solid Wood Machining
All Related Articles
General
Setup and Maintenance
Tooling
Tool Grinding
Veneer
All Related Articles
Machinery
Processing and Manufacturing
Techniques
Wood Engineering
All Related Articles
General
Wood Properties
Woodworking Miscellaneous
All Related Articles
Accessories
Bending Wood
Boat Building
Boat Repairs
Carving
Musical Instruments
Picture Frames
Tool Maintenance
Woodworking
Job Opportunities and Services Exchange
Lumber Exchange
Machinery Exchange
Classifieds Exchange
Notify Me Of New Listings
Job Opportunites and Services (Job-Gram)
Lumber Exchange (Lumber-Gram)
Machinery Exchange (Machinery-Gram)
Request A Quote
Request A Lumber Quote
Request A Machinery Quote
Recent Listings At All Exchanges
Recent Images At All Exchanges
Recent Posts At All Forums
Recent Images At All Forums
Adhesives
Architectural Woodworking
Business and Management
Cabinet and Millwork Installation
Cabinetmaking
CAD
Commercial Kiln Drying
CNC
Dust Collection, Safety and Plant Operation
Professional Finishing
Forestry
Professional Furniture Making
Laminating and Solid Surfacing
Sawing and Drying
Shop Built Equipment
Solid Wood Machining
Value Added Wood Processing
Veneer
WOODnetWORK
Project Gallery
Sawmill Gallery
Shop Gallery
Shopbuilt Equipment Gallery
Recent Images Gallery
Product Directory General
Product Category Map
Alphabetical List of Companies
Request a Machinery Quote
Request a Lumber Quote
Adhesives and Fasteners
Associations
Business
Cabinets
Components
Computer Software
Drafting Design Services
Education
Electronics
Finishing and Abrasives
Forestry
HandTools
Hardware
Cabinet Accessories
Decorative
Drawer Systems
Hinges
Lighting
Panel Installation
Job Opportunities and Woodworking Services
Laminating and Solid Surfacing
Lumber and Plywood
Lumber and Plywood: General
Retail Lumber & Plywood
Request a Lumber Quote
Machinery
Machinery: All Categories
Request a Machinery Quote
Air Compressors
Auctions and Appraisals
Boring Machines
Carving Machines
Clamping Equip.
CNC Machinery
Combination Machines
Coping Machinery
Countertop Equip.
Door and Window Equip.
Dovetailing Equip.
Dowelling Equip.
Dowelmaking Machinery
Dust Collection
Downdraft Tables
Frame Equip.
Edge Banders
Energy Production Equip.
Finger Jointers
Finishing Equip.
Flooring Machinery
Gluing Equip.
Hinge Insertion
Jointers
Laminating Equip.
Laser Machining
Lathes
Material Handling
Measuring Equip.
Misc
Mortising Equip.
Moulders
Panel Processing Equip.
Planers
Presses
Primary Processing
Routers
Sanding Machines
Sawing Machines
Service & Repairs
Shapers
Sharpening Equip.
Spare Parts
Stair Manufacturing
Tenoners
V-Grooving Equip.
Veneer Equip.
Wood Waste Handling Equip.
Downdraft Tables
Mouldings and Millwork
Mouldings and Millwork: All Categories
Flooring
Stair Building
Packaging and Transportation
Power Tools
Plans & Publications
Plant Maintenance & Management
Sawing and Drying
Suppliers
Tooling
Tooling: All Categories
Enhancements and Accessories
Veneer
Veneer: All Categories
Enhancements and Accessories
Edgebanding
Inlays and Marquetry
Wood Turning
General Resources
Home
Site Map
What's New
New Visitors
Video Library
Software & Mobile Apps
Auctions, Sales and Special Offers
Industry News
Woodworkers Directory
Sawing and Drying Directory
The Wood Doctor
Bookstore
Lumber Buying Guide
Tradeshow Directory
Newsstand
Lumber/Timber/Misc Calculators
Events Calendar
Media Kit
Poll Center
About WOODWEB
What Our Visitors Say
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact WOODWEB
User Agreement and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Link to WOODWEB
Refer a Friend
Update Archive
Become a Member
Member Resources
Login
Control Panel
Membership Benefits
Become a Member
Home »
Privacy Policy
Login
Search Entire Site
Search Product Directory
Search Knowledge Base
Search All Forums
Search Machinery Exchange
Search Lumber Exchange
Search Job Opportunities
Search Classified Ads
Search Project Gallery
Search Shop Gallery
Search Sawmill Gallery
Search Shopbuilt Equipment Gallery
Search Sawing Directory
Search Events Calendar
Search Industry News
Search Auctions, Sales and Special Offers
Search with Google
------------------------
Search Individual Forums
Adhesives
Architectural Wdwrk
Business
Cabinetmaking
CAD
CNC
Dust/Safety/Plant
Finishing
Forestry
Furniture
Installation
Laminate/Solid Surface
Sawing & Drying
Solid Wood Machining
Value Added Wood Prod.
Veneer
WOODnetWORK