http://www.antolini.it/en/privacy
Privacy
MENU
ANTOLINI
HAUTE NATURE
HISTORY
EXCLUSIVE COLLECTION
COLLECTIONS
COLLECTIONS
EXCLUSIVE
NATURAL STONE
PRECIOUSTONE
TWINLIGHT
SHELLSTONE
GEMSTONE
NATURA
TEXTURES+
WOODSTONE
PERCEPTION
ALLIGHT
ALLUMINATE
INNOVATION
LADY A
NEWS
EVENTS
STORE LOCATOR
CONTACT US
|
ENG
ITAESPDEURUSFRA
Exclusive
Natural Stone
Precioustone
Twinlight
Shellstone
Gemstone
Natura
Textures+
Woodstone
Perception
Allight
Alluminate
Privacy
Privacy PolicyThe contents of this site, www.antolini.com (hereafter the “Site”), including data, notices and all other content consisting of text and graphics, are protected by copyright laws and international treaties and by other intellectual property laws and treaties.The contents of the pages in the Site are Copyright Antolini Luigi & C. S.p.a. (hereafter the “Company”). All rights reserved. The contents of the pages in the Site may not, in whole or part, be copied, reproduced, transferred, loaded, published or distributed in any way without prior written consent by the Company, except for storage in the user’s own computer and printing of extracts of pages from this Site for exclusively personal use. The trademarks and logos appearing in this Site are the property of Antolini Luigi & C. S.p.a. They may not be used on any Internet site other than the Site without prior written consent from the Company.The Company declines all responsibility for material created or published by 3rd parties with which the Site has links in place. Persons deciding to visit a site linked to the Site, do so at their own risk and take upon themselves the onus of adopting all the necessary measures against viruses and other destructive elements. Links to other sites do not imply that the Company sponsors or is affiliated with the organizations that provide the services described in such sites.All material sent to the Site, for example by e-mail or World Wide Web pages, shall be considered of a non-confidential nature. Anyone intending to communicate information of a confidential nature, however, is invited to specify the nature of such information. The Company shall be under no obligation in respect of such material and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, display, transform, base other work on and distribute it to 3rd parties, without limits. Further, the Company shall be free to use all the ideas, concepts, know-how or technical knowledge contained in such material for whatever purpose, including and without being limited to the development, production and marketing of products using such material. Anyone sending material guarantees that it is publishable and agrees to hold the Company harmless from any action by 3rd parties in relation to such material.This Site allows the public extensive access to information regarding its initiatives and activities. The aim is to provide precise, up to date information. The Company shall make all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information appearing on the Site is exact and up to date. It does not, however, exclude the possibility of accidental error or omission. Any errors signalled shall be corrected.
BACK
Antolini Luigi & C. S.p.a.Società di diritto italianoSEDE LEGALEin Via Napoleone, 637015 Sant’Ambrogio di ValpolicellaVERONA
Registro delle Imprese di VeronaP.IVA / VAT - IT 0044809 023 3REA - VR-139580 del 10 Luglio 1974Capitale Sociale € 6.565.260 I.V.P.E.C. al.spa@pec.antolini.it
LEGAL NOTES
COOKIES
STORE LOCATOR
CONTACTS
FOLLOW US