http://www.fane-acoustics.com/legal
Now With FREE SHIPPING For UK Customers
Terms and Conditions \\
GENERAL These terms and conditions are appropriate to all offers, orders and agreements from "Fane International Limited", acting under the name "Fane-Acoustics.com", located at Sovereign House, Gilcar Way, Wakefield Europort, Castleford, West Yorkshire, WF10 5QS, United Kingdom Tel: +44 (0)1924 224 618. Registered in England, Registration Number 6070459, VAT Registration Number 898 557 540.By placing an order you commit that you fully agree with the terms and conditions. Fane-Acosutics.com maintains the right to change the terms and/or conditions when the duration has passed. It is not possible to deviate from these terms and conditions, unless this is explicitly agreed upon in a written statement and in which case the remaining specifications of these terms and conditions unabbreviated count.The law of England is applicable on all offers, orders and agreements concerning Fane-Acoustics.comFane-Acoustics.com may contain views and opinions expressed by individuals, including but not limited to artists, these are not necessarily the views of Fane International Ltd and in publishing such comments Fane International Ltd is not endorsing or accepting such comments.Access to and use of secure areas of the website is restricted to authorised users only. Unauthorised individuals attempting to access these areas of the website may be subject to prosecution.Fane International Ltd shall not be responsible to you whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise for incidental, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage, any loss of profit (direct or indirect), loss of sales, loss of goodwill or reputation, loss of business, third party claims, pure economic loss arising out of or in connection of the performance or non performance of our obligations under these terms and conditions including such damage as may be reasonably foreseeable at the date you order the goods.If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the other provisions of these terms and conditions.You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or sub contract any of your obligations under these terms and conditions except with our specific permission in writing.We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time and any such changes will be communicated on our website.There are links on our website to third party websites which we believe may be of interest to you. We do not have any control over the content of these websites nor can we be liable in respect of anything contained on these websites.These terms and conditions govern the entire trading relationship between you and ourselves and will remain in force for the duration of our trading relationship.All intellectual property rights (including use of trade marks) shall be solely owned by us. You are permitted only to use material on this website as expressly authorised by us or our licensors.These Terms and Conditions supersede all previous Terms and Conditions, representations, undertakings and agreements. ORDERING GOODS All orders placed through Fane-Acoustics.com are subject to our acceptance of the order.When you submit an order and payment to us on Fane-Acoustics.com you will receive a confirmatory email of the order. This email does not constitute acceptance of the order by us. Your order will be accepted by us (and a contract will then be formed between us) once we confirm payment receipt following any additional anti fraud screening, we will then despatch the goods along with a confirmation email. Title to the goods will pass to you on delivery.Promotional codes are codes that enable customers to obtain benefits such as discounts, free delivery and free gifts. These codes are non-transferable so may only be used by the person to whom they are issued and must only be used in accordance with their terms and conditions of use. If you use a promotional code to claim a promotional benefit, you must first check that it was issued to you and that you are eligible to use it. By using it to claim a promotional benefit you will be confirming that:-- you are entitled to use the code;- you meet all the conditions that apply to its use;- you agree to the terms set out below.Only one promotional code may be used per order.If, before accepting your order, we find that you are not entitled to use the code or do not meet all the terms and conditions of its use, we may reject your order or alternatively process it without the promotional benefit being applied. If, after accepting your order, we find that you were not entitled to use the code or did not meet all the terms and conditions of its use, we may reverse the benefit that you obtained. If you transacted on a cash basis e.g. by debit or credit card, we may take a further payment, equivalent to the value of the benefit obtained, from the card used.Should you wish to cancel your order or return any goods please go to the Shipping and Returns section of Fane-Acoustics.com for further information.  PRE-ORDER PRODUCTSPre-released orders (preorders) are orders for items that have not yet become available. You may be able to make a pre-released order using our Site, and where possible (and subject to availability) such orders will be shipped to you on the day of release. Release dates are subject to change. As a result We are not liable for any changes to a pre-release date advertised by Us. Pre-release orders will be supplied at the price applicable at the time of order, or the price applicable when your order is processed prior to dispatch, whichever is lower. We reserve the right to reject or cancel your order for any reason. If we do so, we will refund your payment by the same payment method with which you used to make it.You will be charged the full amount of any pre-order products at the time of placing your order. If in the event you choose to cancel your preorder please follow our Returns, Cancellations and Warranty Policy.Upon our acceptance of your order you will be sent a confirmation email from us to the email address you provided with the order. This email will provide an estimated date of shipping of your product. The expected shipping date provided in the email is only an estimate and is subject to change. We do not represent or warrant that we will be able to ship the Product by the estimated date. You hereby accept that currently we are not able to commit to a fixed shipping or delivery date and you will be notified of updates to the same in due course. In the event that a delay arises for any reason, foreseen or unforeseen, and the estimated shipment and/or release dates for the Product are not met, we will not be responsible for any damages that may occur due to the delay or cancellation of the Product, and we will not be obligated, except as set forth in these Terms, to provide any discounts, refunds or credits due to any such delays or cancellations.  SUBSTITUTIONS All items are subject to stock availability.Sometimes items may be discontinued at short notice, if this occurs we will contact you as soon as possible to suggest a suitable alternative. Should this not be acceptable an order cancellation will be possible with no fees or charges. PRIVACY POLICYPlease make sure you have read and understood our Privacy Policy which explains how we safeguard any data which you provide us in order to fulfil your online order. IMAGES AND SPECIFICATIONS All images: photo's, drawings, etc. and technical specifications: e.g. data concerning weight, measurement, colour etc. as mentioned on Fane-Acoustics.com website are approximate. They are indicative and shall not be considered reason for any compensation or cancellation of the agreement. We cannot accept responsibility for slight differences in colour or texture variations of materials.In the interest of constant product development, the information, data and product specifications contained on Fane-Acoustics.com may be changed or updated without prior notice or consent.While every effort to ensure the information contained on Fane-Acoustics.com is accurate and up to date, Fane-Acoustics.com is not responsible or liable for any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, misuse, or conversion of any data or information contained in, or derived from, this website. All information on this website is provided with no guarantee of completeness, accuracy, timeliness or of results obtained from the use of this information and without warranty or representation of any kind, expressed or implied. For details concerning any of our products please contact info@fane-acoustics.com. PRICES & PAYMENTS All prices mentioned on the website are shown in Great British Pounds Sterling. Prices are under the reservation of typographical and printing errors. Fane International Ltd. will take no responsibility for typographical and printing errors. All prices are shown inclusive of UK VAT at 20%Payment with order is required for all Internet/website based sales.  PAYMENT METHODS Payments for Internet based purchases are accepted in GBP and can be made via PayPal - secure on-line payment services with debit / credit cards, or a paypal account. PayPal may offer payment via alternative currencies at thier advertised rates of conversion. The purchaser is liable for all banking charges relating to money transfers or currency exchange.Please ensure that the address you have selected within PayPal as the delivery address matches the address you have specified on your order. We can only ship to the specified PayPal delivery address.Note: For security reasons we are not able to accept credit card payments via the telephone. INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY RIGHTS The customer needs to respect all intellectual and industrial property rights that are applicable to all products delivered by Fane-Acoustics.com.The content of this website (including but not limited to any text, photographs and other images, and any software contained herein) are protected by UK Copyright Law. No part of this website or contents may be copied, stored, transmitted, reproduced or distributed in any form or medium whatsoever without the permission of Fane International Ltd. FORCE MAJEURE Fane-Acoustics.com can not be held responsible, if and when it can not meet the agreement because of force majeure.Force majeure comprehends any strange reason, as well as any circumstance, for which, in all rationality, it can't be held responsible. Delay with or bad behaviour by our suppliers, shipping problems, strikes, acts of god, government rules, supply delay, negligence by suppliers, as well as from employees, employee sickness, defects in appliance or shipment tools count explicitly as force majeure.Fane-Acoustics.com maintains, in the case of force majeure, the right to postpone its obligations and is also privileged to cancel the agreement partially or fully, and also to claim that the content of the agreement is to be changed in such a way that it is still possible to realise the goals. By no means is Fane-Acoustics.com obliged to pay any fine or indemnification. COMMUNICATION Fane-Acoustics.com can not, in any way, be held responsible for misunderstandings, imperfections, delays or any obscurity concerning orders and information as a result of using the Internet or any other means of communication between the customer and Fane-Acoustics.com, as well as Fane-Acoustics.com and third parties, concerning the relation between the customer and Fane-Acoustics.com. RECOMMENDED RETAILERSFane-Acoustics.com highly recommends the businesses listed in any 'Dealers' or 'Find a Retailer' section(s) of fane-acoustics.com and only lists those organisations we have worked with successfully. However, Fane-Acoustics.com does not accept any responsibility whatsoever for the products, services or actions of any of these third parties. STANDARD COMPETITION/PRIZE DRAW TERMS AND CONDITIONS (ver 1.0, Oct 2016) PART A - INTRODUCTION1. These terms and conditions apply to the series of prize draws we run on our social media channels ("Prize Draws") unless otherwise stated in the promotion. This includes our Prize Draws on Facebook.com/FaneAcousticsUK and twitter.com/FaneAcoustics.2. The promoter of each Prize Draw is Fane International Limited trading as Fane Acoustics ("FANE/ we / us"). FANE’s company number is 6070459, and its registered office is at Sovereign House, Gilcar Way, Wakefield Europort, Castleford, West Yorkshire, WF10 5QS, United Kingdom.3. When entering a Prize Draw through Facebook, Twitter or another social media provider, please note that the Prize Draw is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, that social media provider. PART B - KEY FACTS 4. Entrants: Entrants to a Prize Draw must be aged16 or over unless otherwise specified and resident in the UK. If the promotion or competition is being run through Twitter or Facebook, all Entrants must be following the specified channel, @FaneAcoustics- on Twitter and facebook.com/FaneAcousticsUK on Facebook.]5. Entry: An Entry has to comply with what is asked for by FANE in the message launching the Prize Draw. For example you might have to answer a simple question or simply reply to FANE with a keyword. The exact instructions for an Entry will be explained in the launch message on social media channels and our website www.fane-acoustics.com.6. Prize: The prize will be described in the launch message.7. Prize Draw Dates, Closing Date/Time, Draw Date: The dates of each prize draw including the Closing Date and the Draw Date will be set out in the launch message. PART C – OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS8. The instructions provided in the launch message and/or at the point of entry form part of the terms & conditions of the Prize Draw, and in the event of a conflict, these terms & conditions take precedence.9. Only one entry per person is allowed. Only one entry per Twitter, Facebook or social media username will be entered in the draw, unless specified otherwise.10. The following persons may not enter the Prize Draw: employees of FANE, or any of its group of companies, their families, agents or anyone else connected with the Prize Draw. No third party entries, bulk entries or entries submitted by agents will be accepted.11. FANE reserves the right to verify the eligibility of entrants. FANE may require such information as it considers reasonably necessary for the purpose of verifying the eligibility of an entry and the Prize may be withheld until and unless FANE is satisfied with the verification.12. The Prize Draw will run during the Prize Draw Dates until the specified Closing Date / Time. Entries received after the Closing Date / Time will not be entered into the draw.13. The winner(s) will be selected at random and under independent supervision from all eligible entries received. Each winner will be notified by FANE within a reasonable time after the Draw Date or any subsequent draw either by email, mail or telephone. We will notify all winners they have won via the details given at entry. This will comply with each social media platform’s promotional rules.14. Methods of contact include either receiving a ‘direct message’ from us on Twitter or Facebook, or an email from FANE asking for your address and mobile phone number.15. Entrants’ personal data will be collected, stored and processed for the purposes of administering and assessing this Prize Draw. If a prize includes tickets to an event then for the purpose of administering the ticket allocation, FANE reserves the right to exchange information and data regarding tickets and applications with third party ticket providers and/or service providers.16. The winner(s) may be required to participate in publicity connected with this Prize Draw and it is a condition of entry that the winner(s) agree to their name and country of residence being made publicly available if they win. It is understood that no recompense will be offered.17. The Prize is awarded conditionally upon acceptance. If FANE is unable to contact the winner within 28 days from initial notification or if any Prize is unclaimed or declined within a reasonable period, the Prize shall be deemed as unclaimed or unaccepted and a supplementary winner may be drawn at FANE’s discretion. If the Prize is time critical FANE will state upfront before entry how many days the winner will have to accept the Prize.18. Some Prizes may require the winner to accept third party terms and conditions, such as ticket terms, and acceptance of the Prize will be subject to such conditions.19. Unless otherwise expressly stated, where the Prize requires attendance at a specific location, the winner and any permitted companions will be solely responsible for travel to and from the venue and all other expenses. FANE assumes no responsibility and is not liable for any costs, charges or expenses which winners may be required to pay at any time in connection with a Prize.20. FANE will not be responsible for any inability of a winner to take up the specified Prize.21. FANE reserves the right to provide a substitute Prize of similar value if the specified Prize become unavailable for reasons beyond FANE’s control. Events may occasionally be cancelled for reasons outside FANE’s control, and FANE will not be liable for any change of date or venue or cancellation of any event. Cash or credit alternatives will not be offered. None of the Prizes are transferable.22. FANE accepts no responsibility for incorrectly completed, lost or delayed entries, notices, acceptances, tickets or other documents related to the Prize(s).23. FANE’s decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into.24. The names of the major winner(s) may be obtained by sending a signed handwritten request along with a  stamped, self-addressed envelope detailing your request marked with the name of the Prize Draw to:  FANE SOCIAL MEDIA, Sovereign House, Gilcar Way, Wakefield Europort, Castleford, West Yorkshire, WF10 5QS, United Kingdom.25. There is no cash alternative in whole or in part to any stated Prize unless stated otherwise.26. In the event of fraud, abuse, and/or an error affecting the proper operation of the Prize Draw, including the allocation of more Prizes than are available, FANE reserves the right to end or suspend the Prize Draw; amend these terms & conditions; declare void the notification of winner(s); and/or to allocate available Prizes by conducting a simple draw from all wrongly allocated winners.27. FANE reserves the right to suspend, cancel or amend the promotion and/or review and revise these terms and conditions at any time without giving prior notice if circumstances make this unavoidable. By continuing to take part in the promotion subsequent to any revision of these terms and conditions, entrants shall be deemed to have agreed to any such new or amended terms. FANE will endeavour to avoid any disappointment or any disadvantage to those who have already entered.28. If any provision of these terms and conditions is held invalid by any law, rule, order or regulation of any government, or by the final determination of any court of a competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the enforceability of any other provisions not held to be invalid.29. The Prize Draw is governed by English Law, and any dispute between FANE and you regarding the Prize Draw will only be dealt with by the English courts, but if you live in a part of the United Kingdom other than England, the applicable law of that part of the United Kingdom will govern and any dispute will only be dealt with by the courts there.Alternative dispute resolution is a process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court. If you are not happy with how we have handled any complaint, you may want to use alternative dispute resolution. The European Commission has established a website for online dispute resolution which is available at www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/, and which is designed to assist consumers in resolving disputes online without having to go to court.
NEWLETTER SUBSCRIBE
Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Terms | Site Map
©2015 Fane International Limited. All rights Reserved.
Site developed by Edoru web design Wakefield