https://www.naturalweddings.net/legal-information/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment
We are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to our website and governs data collection and usage. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this policy.
Collection of your Personal Information
We collect personally identifiable information such as your e-mail address, name, home address, work address and telephone number/s. We may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your postcode, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by us. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by us for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through any public message boards operated by us, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: We do not read any of your private online communications.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or content on websites other than our own.
Use of your Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the services you have requested. We may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from us and our affiliates. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of our current services or of potential new services that may be offered by us.
We do not sell, rent or lease customer lists to third parties. We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to us, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
We keep track of the websites and pages our customers visit within our domain, in order to determine what services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customised content and advertising to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Our website will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company or the website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the web site, or the public.
Use of Cookies
Our website uses “cookies” to help you personalise your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise our pages or register with our site or services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information such as billing addresses, shipping addresses and so on. When you return to our website the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customised.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically but it is usually possible for you to modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer.  Please be aware though that, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our website or website services.
Security of your Personal Information
We secure your personal information from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. We secure the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback and any changes to the law, or laws, applicable. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
NAVIGATE
Home
Our Approach
Wedding Photography
Venues
Prices
Albums
Contact
Wedding Enquiries
Booking Form
About Us
FAQs
Blog
Client Area
Testimonials
Submit a Testimonial