http://www.athea.com/privacy-policy
Products
View All Products
New Products
Wet Wipes
Winter Product
Insecticides
Bacterial/Enzyme Digestants
Cleaners and Degreasers
Industrial Cleaners and Degreasers
Specialty Products
Accessories
Aerosol
Automotive
Disinfectants and Sanitizers
d-Limonene Degreasers/ Cleaners
Floor Care
Food Service
Ground Maintenance
Hand Care
Laundry
Lubricants
Odor Control
Pool Care
Wastewater and Sewage Treatment
Water Treatment
Capabilities
Product Selection
Private Labeling
Contract Packaging
Custom Formulating
About
Contact Us
Find a Sales Rep
Careers
Literature
Athea Laboratories, Inc. Website Privacy Policy
Last Modified: June, 2020
Introduction. Athea Laboratories, Inc. (“Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.athea.com (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This policy applies to information we collect i) on this Website; ii) in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website; iii) when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy. It does not apply to information collected by i) us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party; or ii) any third party including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13. Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at 1-800-743-6417.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It. We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information i) by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”); ii) that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as, for example, advertising information and clickstream data; and/or iii) about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information i) directly from you when you provide it to us; or ii) automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include i) information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website, or when you report a problem with our Website; ii) records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including i) details of your visits to our Website, including for example, traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and ii) information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). The information we collect automatically does not include personal information. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to i) estimate our audience size and usage patterns; ii) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests; iii) speed up your searches; iv) recognize you when you return to our Website. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website may be served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information. We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information i) to present our Website and its contents to you; ii) to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us; iii) to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; iv) to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; v) to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it; vi) in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; vii) for any other purpose with your consent. We may also use your information to contact you about our goods and services that may be of interest to you. We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information. We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy i) to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; ii) to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred; iii) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; iv) for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; v) with your consent. We may also disclose your personal information i) to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; ii) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information; Opt out Option. We may disclose to third parties: a) non-Personal Information in aggregate form; and (b) non-Personal Information by providing access via cookies and web beacons through our Website. You may opt-out of sharing this information if you use the Website. We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information. For instance, you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. For instance, you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request we will disclose to you i) the categories of personal information we collected about you; ii) the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you; iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information; iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information; v) the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request); vi) if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. We do not provide these access and data portability rights for B2B personal information.Deletion Request Rights. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights. To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by calling us at 1-800-743-6417. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.Response Timing and Format. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
EU and UK Residents. Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have rights under data protection laws regarding your personal data, including: i) subject to certain exceptions, you may request a copy of the personal information we are processing about you, which we will provide to you in electronic form; ii) you have the right to require that any incomplete or inaccurate personal information that we process about you is amended; iii) in certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we process about you; iv) you have the right to request that we transmit the personal information we hold about you to another data controller; v) where the legal justification for our processing of your personal information is in our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on specific grounds relating to your particular situation, with the understanding that we will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate reasons for processing such information which override your interests and rights; vi) if we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. Please note that some of these rights may be limited where we have an overriding legitimate interest or legal obligation to continue to process the personal information. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data or to exercise any of the other above-listed rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is, in our estimation, clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Ownership. As between you and us, we are the sole and exclusive owner of any non-personal information received by us or our third-party service providers through cookies, web beacons or any other similar methods.
Data Security. We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Consent to Processing in the United States. We are based in the United States. If you submit personal information to us, your personal information may be transferred, stored or processed in the United States. By submitting your personal data, you are agreeing to the transfer, storing or processing of your personal information in the United States.
Governing Law. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin. The parties specifically exclude application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) to these Terms. Any claim by you arising in connection with this Privacy Policy or the Website must be commenced by you within one (1) year after the use giving rise to such claim.
Contact Information. To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact Athea at 1-800-743-6417 or info@athea.com.
Athea Laboratories, Inc.1900 West Cornell St.Milwaukee, WI 53209