http://www.roadmastercases.co.nz/info/termsandconditions
Site Terms and Conditions of Purchase (last amended 20 January 2018)
GeneralUse of this website is subject to the following Terms of Use. By using this website you agree to these terms and conditions of
sale. We reserve the right to make changes to this web site and the terms and conditions at any time and without notice. Accordingly, you should
check the terms and conditions each time you use this web site. These terms and conditions shall prevail over any other document purporting to
have a contractual effect, including the Website Policies.
Contact UsThis website is owned and operated by Roadmaster Cases Limited (and this is also our business trading name). If you wish to contact us:
Phone: (09) 274 4021 Monday – Friday 8am – 4.30pm
Email: online@roadmastercases.co.nz
If you wish to contact us outside office hours please do so via email and we will respond to all queries on our return.
Applicable LawsThis website is governed by, and is to be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of New Zealand. You the customer
acknowledge that where the products are ordered for business purposes (as the term "business" is defined in the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993
("CGA")), the provisions of the CGA shall not apply to the sale of the products by Roadmaster Cases Limited. The customer agrees that nothing
in these terms and conditions is intended to have the effect of contracting out of the provisions of the CGA except to the extent permitted by
the CGA, and all provisions of these terms and conditions shall be read as modified to the extent necessary to give effect to that intention.
Accuracy of ContentRoadmaster Cases Limited takes reasonable care to ensure all information, including all pricing, displayed on this
website is as accurate as possible. Unfortunately, despite those best efforts, mistakes may occur. Errors and omissions in this website
and the information contained within it may occur from time to time and Roadmaster Cases Limited does not guarantee that the website will
always operate or be error free.
Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by New Zealand law, Roadmaster Cases Limited does not accept any liability for the use of or
inability to use this site, or for any loss or damage which may directly or indirectly result from any opinion, information, advice,
representation or omission contained on this web site. Where a pricing error occurs (subject to applicable law that cannot be excluded),
we will not be bound by the incorrect pricing stated, and reserve the right to cancel your purchase.
Limitation of LiabilityThe customer shall indemnify Roadmaster Cases Limited against any loss of or damage to property or for data
or software which is lost, corrupted, deleted or altered due to the act or omission of the customer. Roadmaster Cases Limited shall not be
liable to the customer for any incidental, indirect, special or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the purchase, use
or performance of products or services from Roadmaster Cases Limited, even if Roadmaster Cases Limited has been advised of their possibility.
In no case shall Roadmaster Cases Limited's maximum liability exceed the cost of the relevant original order.
Payments
Roadmaster Cases Limited is a New Zealand business and all transactions will be billed in New Zealand Dollars. All prices displayed on this
website are in New Zealand dollars. We do not ship to locations outside New Zealand - unless special arrangements are agreed by contacting
us first.
Payment by Credit CardIf a Customer's credit card is declined by its financial institution, delivery of the relevant order will
not be made, and Roadmaster Cases Limited will contact the customer to make alternative payment arrangements. Roadmaster Cases Limited
reserves the right to refuse to accept payment from any particular customer by credit card for any reason whatsoever.
The name which will appear on your statement for any purchases made through this website will be: Roadmaster Cases Limited.
RefundsRoadmaster Cases Limited will comply with its obligations under the Consumer Guarantees Act or any other applicable consumer
protection legislation that cannot be excluded. Subject to any such applicable laws, refunds or replacement products or services will be
given at the discretion of company management.
AddressingIf a product is found to be mis-addressed by Roadmaster Cases Limited then Roadmaster Cases Limited shall be responsible
for the re-delivery, replacement or refunding of the product. If the customer is found to have given an incorrect or insufficient address,
then Roadmaster Cases Limited will not refund or resend the product and all responsibility for correcting delivery will be borne by the customer.
Prices, Payment and TitleRoadmaster Cases Limited retains title in the products purchased until Roadmaster Cases Limited receives
payment in full. Payment must be made by a New Zealand issued credit card. No international orders are accepted at this time.
All prices include New Zealand GST unless otherwise stated. We cannot accept tax exempt IDs or resale certificates for online customers.
Please call to speak with a sales representative if you require assistance with tax issues.
SecurityRoadmaster Cases Limited takes reasonable care to ensure this website, and any transactions conducted on it, are secure.
However you acknowledge that the security of information and payments transmitted via the Internet can never be entirely secure or error free.
Roadmaster Cases Limited will not be liable for any damages suffered due to failure, delay, interception or manipulation of electronic
communications by third parties on any computer programmes (e.g. those used for transmission of viruses).
Special OffersSpecial deals and offers on this site are only valid for so long as they are displayed, unless expressly stated otherwise.
Cancelling OrdersRoadmaster Cases Limited reserves the right to cancel orders for any reason or to cancel the purchase agreement
after order confirmation, including (without limitation) where Roadmaster Cases Limited believes the order to be fraudulent or constitute a
mis-use of a promotional or marketing activity or where an error has occurred including but not limited to errors relating to pricing. If
we do cancel your order or purchase agreement, we accept no liability for any resulting damages or costs suffered by you, however we will
refund the purchase price to you (where it has already been paid).
Site AccessRoadmaster Cases Limited hereby grants you permission to access, view and download the content appearing on this site,
for your personal, non-commercial use only. You agree not to use any device, method or software to interfere with the proper functioning of
this site. Without the express written permission of Roadmaster Cases Limited, you may not use any device, method or software including, but
not limited to: spiders, robots, avatars, agents, data mining, gathering or extraction tools and attempts to probe, scan or test or breach
security and authentication measures.
Copyright and TrademarksYou agree that the content you access, view or download on this site and the software used to create it,
remains the property of Roadmaster Cases Limited or its Licensors as defined by New Zealand and International Intellectual Property Laws,
including but not limited to Copyright and Trademark laws. You agree not to modify or alter such content in any way, or make it available
to any third parties.
Stock AvailabilityAll items sold via the Roadmaster Cases Limited website are subject to availability and Roadmaster Cases Limited
reserves the right not to accept or cancel any order for products that are out of stock. Goods delivered may differ to the product images
presented on this site.
Delivery EstimatesRoadmaster Cases Limited makes every effort practicable to ensure that delivery timeframes given are accurate.
However the delivery times stated for products on this site assume that the stock availability information provided by our suppliers is
accurate and that delivery times are not adversely affected by unforeseen events. By placing an order, you agree not to hold Roadmaster
Cases Limited liable for any loss or damage directly or indirectly arising out of or in connection with any delay or failure to deliver
within the estimated time frame.
CommunicationsBy creating an account with Roadmaster Cases Limited you consent to receiving electronic communications from
Roadmaster Cases Limited. These communications may include: account status updates, order status updates, promotional and marketing
materials, and other information relating to the service. Roadmaster Cases Limited is committed to protecting your privacy. For more
information please see our Privacy Policy.
Linked SitesThis site may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Roadmaster Cases Limited is not liable
for those sites or any content or information such sites contain.