http://www.iemtec.com/privacy-policy/
Please read this document carefully. This Agreement authorises the user to access this website and the website information displayed therein and contains important information thereto. By accessing this website you imply your acceptance of the following terms and conditions.
This website is provided to you by IEM Technologies Ltd which expressions shall unless repugnant to the context, shall mean and include its successors in business and permitted assigns;
LEGAL
This Website is intended for informational purposes. In particular, this limited licence does not permit you to incorporate any material from this web site in any other work, publications or web site either of your own or belonging to any third party without the prior consent of IEM Technologies Ltd. All pictures shown throughout the website are under IEM Technologies Ltd licensing and copyright regulations, authorities and permissions and in cases where you wish to use any pictures in any other work, publications or web site either of your own or belonging to any third party you must contact IEM Technologies Ltd.
This Website is intended to provide general information on a particular subject or subjects and is not an exhaustive treatment of such subject(s). Accordingly, the information in this Website is not intended to constitute any legal, consultative or other professional advice, service or contract in any way.
This Website and the information contained herein is provided “as is”, and IEM Technologies Ltd makes no express or implied representations or warranties regarding this website or the information in it.
PRIVACY
IEM Technologies Ltd fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any information, which you volunteer to IEM Technologies Ltd will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act, 1998.
IEM Technologies Ltd does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e- mailing us or by using our online forms). Any information, which you provide in this way, is not made available to any third parties, and is used by IEM Technologies Ltd only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
Introduction
IEM Technologies Ltd (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (together with our written policy in-house) and any other documents referred to here, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The rules on processing of personal data are set out in the General Data Protection Regulation May 25th 2018. (the “GDPR”).
1. Definitions
Data controller – A controller determines the purposes and means of processing personal data.
Data processor – A processor is responsible for processing personal data on behalf of a controller.
Data subject – Natural person
Categories of data: Personal data
Personal data – The GDPR applies to ‘personal data’ meaning any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier (as explained in Article 6 of GDPR). For example name, passport number, home address or private email address. We DO NOT USE Online identifiers such as IP addresses, but sites will use cookies.
Processing – means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Third party – means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
2. Who are we?
IEM Technologies Ltd is the data controller. This means we decide how your personal data is processed and for what purposes. Our contact details are: contact@iemtec.com or 01823 661258. For all data matters, contact us on contact@iemtec.com
3. The purpose(s) of processing your personal data
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Only to contact you should you fill in the form on our website and request such contact
4. The categories of personal data concerned
With reference to the categories of personal data described in the definitions section, we process the following categories of your data:
Data on website forms that you submit – Name, Phone Number, Email and Enquiry Nature
5. What is our legal basis for processing your personal data?
a) Personal data (article 6 of GDPR)
Our lawful basis for processing your general personal data:
Consent of the data subject:
– When requesting contact from us and filling in the form on our website, we will only use the data provided to respond to you. Your data will not be sold or transferred, and we will not store your data for any longer than necessary. Should work progress and we store your client data, you will be presented with our terms and we will explain what we store, where, and how.
More information on lawful processing can be found on the ICO website.
6. Sharing your personal data
Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential, and will not be shared with any third party outside of IEM Technologies Ltd. If this becomes necessary to help you with your enquiry, this will be fully explained to you in advance and consent will be sought.
7. How long do we keep your personal data?
We keep your personal data for no longer than reasonably necessary in order to respond to you.
8. Providing us with your personal data
You are under no statutory or contractual requirement or obligation to provide us with your personal data. But failure to provide contact details when filling in the form means we cannot respond to your question.
9. Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption under the GDPR, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;
THE RIGHT TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING AT ANY TIME, WHERE CONSENT WAS YOUR LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING THE DATA;
The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), (where applicable i.e. where the processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject and where the data controller processes the data by automated means);
The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
The right to object to the processing of personal data, (where applicable i.e. where processing is based on legitimate interests (or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing and processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).
10. Transfer of Data Abroad
WE DO NOT TRANSFER PERSONAL DATA OUTSIDE THE EEA.
11. Automated Decision Making
WE DO NOT USE ANY FORM OF AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING IN OUR BUSINESS.
12. Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions.
13. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
14. How to make a complaint
To exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints please in the first instance contact us on contact@iemtec.com
If this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England.
Our Services Abatement Systems
Reactor Trap Decontamination
Decontamination, Decommission & FSC
Hazardous Waste
Follow Us
Copyright © 2018 IEM Technologies Limited | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Web Design by Dexterous Designs Ltd