https://www.fasttrackproducts.com/terms.html
menu display
Artwork Upload / Request A Quote
Contact
Specials
Promo Catalogue
Map
Cart & Checkout
Logo Gallery
Terms and
ConditionsIf our company is unable to meet the deadline(s) for any reason notwithstanding negligence on the part of our company's liability shall be limited to the extent of the rush charges. The customer at regular rates shall pay for cost of goods and services provided. All refused and unclaimed shipments or those returned due to customer error are subject to a 15% restocking fee in addition to all freight charges, also liable for legal and collection fees.
All instructions must be clearly specified by customer in writing. Company is not liable for errors on verbal instructions. Our Company does not assume any liability for any special or consequential damages suffered by the customer or not, including profits lost, loss of actual or potential sales, extra shipping for fulfillment to end users, or any similar cause, whether or not caused by our company or resulting from the company's negligence.
All delivery schedules are based upon normal projections regarding the availability of goods, normal preparation time, regular running times, and the like. Our company shall not be held responsible for noncompliance with scheduled delivery date(s) due to extraordinary circumstances or circumstances beyond the company's control.
In case of large orders, a continuous delivery schedule to the customer's facilities receiving point is deemed acceptable to the customer unless there are specific written instructions to the contrary.
Customer must inspect goods at time of delivery to verify goods are in good form and without defect.
If the customers bank returns customers check as uncollectible funds, customer must make the check good within 10 days. Should Company not receive such funds promptly, Company shall pursue all appropriate legal actions. Customer is liable for all legal costs associated with recovering funds.
Receiving drop shipments: We accept no responsibility for the accuracy of shipments of merchandise sent to us. It is the customers responsibility to insure that correct number, style, etc. is sent. Shipments sent to us we will sort for different designs, locations or colors at an additional cost.
Deposits: All new and cash accounts are required to make a 100% deposit on all digitizing and 50% deposit on embroidery & garments. The balance must be paid before the completed products ship. We will be using a check conversion system to verify checks. All checks are electronically converted.
Damaged Goods: Our policy is the same as the industry standard: a 2% loss during the embroidery process.
Terms of Payment: Cash, Check, Visa, Master Card, Discover, and American Express. Open account to establish company with approved credit and good past payment record. Term are net 30 days. Past due accounts are charged 1 1/2% finance charge with a minimum of $.50 per month. We do not guarantee that we will extend credit to any person, business or organization. There is a $35.00 fee assessed per bad check.
Shipping and Handling Policy: $5.00 handling maximum handling charge plus any shipping charges. Please be assured that your items will ship out within two days of purchase, unless items are backordered. We will contact the customer in case of backorders and the customer must approve all backordered items. We use UPS as our preferred carrier except for Rhinestone orders they are shipped via USPS (U.S. Postal Service). We can ship to P.O. Boxes and F.P.O. Boxes via USPS regular ground rates only. If we do not have stock in our warehouse some items maybe drop shipped from one of our numerous vendors and you may receive more than one package to complete your order.
Taxes: Minnesota Sales Tax at the current state rate on certain items unless we have a signed exemption certificate in our files at the time of billing.
Design approval: No order will be started until the design is approved in writing from the customer. The due date is determined after the design is approved. The customer has the right to waive the approval process, but the company accepts no responsibility for unapproved designs embroidered or screen printed on apparel. Embellished apparel cannot be returned. Washed or worn garments cannot be returned.
Defects: If any portion of the goods delivered to Customer is defective or is otherwise not in accordance with contract specifications Company shall have the right in its discretion either to replace such defective goods or to refund the portion of the purchase price applicable thereto. No goods shall be returned to Company without Company's written consent. In no event shall Company be liable for the cost of processing, lost profits, injury to good will or any other special or consequential damages.
Discounts: Only one discount offer per customer.
Claims for loss or damage in transit: customer is responsible for inspection of merchandise on receipt from carrier. Loss or damage in transit should be noted on the freight bill and a claim filed by customer against the carrier. Should the customer find concealed loss or damage, customer should immediately contact the carrier and initiate a claim procedure. All claims must be made within 5 days of receipt of goods. No claims will be honored after 5 days have lapsed.
RETURN POLICY:
Claims for defective merchandise must be made within 5 days of customer's receipt of merchandise. Returns must be made within 15 days of return authorization number or a 15% restocking fee will be charged, unless Company is responsible for a mistake in packaging or shipping. No adjustments will be made after 30 days from shipment. Please allow 15 days for us to receive and process your returned merchandise. We will credit or refund the price of the merchandise (including any taxes you were charged, excluding shipping and handling). Please allow 1-2 billing cycles for your credit to show on your statement. The irregularities and variations of color and shading from garment to garment are characteristics of the dye, wash or merceration process. It is the customer's responsibility to inspect all merchandise for correct size, style, color, and quantity prior to decorating or altering in any way. Embroidered or decorated items CANNOT be returned or exchanged unless there is a manufacturers defect. No call tags are issued. Shipping and handling are non-refundable. Return shipping is the responsibility of the customer. NO RETURNS WILL BE ACCEPTED WITHOUT A RETURN AUTHORIZATION NUMBER: PLEASE CALL OR EMAIL FOR A NUMBER. WE WILL NOT ACCEPT ANY RETURNS WITHOUT A RETURN AUTHORIZATION NUMBER ANYMORE. RETURN AUTHORIZATION NUMBERS MUST BE PUT ON THE SHIPPING TAG.
PRIVACY POLICY:
Privacy Policy:
Fast Track Products, Inc. respects your privacy and has instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. Fast Track Products, Inc. will not sell or trade your name, mailing address and e-mail address to other organizations.
Fast Track Products may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on by Fast Track Products, Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights of property of Fast Track Products, the site or the users of the site, and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal saftey of the site or the public.
By visiting this Web site you agree that no information you submit to the site will contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. Please remember that you are solely responsible for the contents of any information you provide to Fast Track Products, Inc.
SECURITY POLICY:
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including the credit card number, name and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.Please check out the new section we have added to our website. Click on the Promo Products Catalog wording at the top of the page. Be sure to enter the $1000 drawing and browse thru over half a million promotional products and apparel for yourself or your business
PLEASE NOTE: All apparel is blank pricing only. Embroidery is an extra charge.
Customer Support
Artwork Upload
Contact
Digitizing
FAQ's
Help
Lettering Styles
Terms
Shipping
Stock Embroidery Design Catalog
Trade Show and Display Solutions
Main Categories
Accessories
Babies Corner
Bags
Bowling Shirts
Caps & Hats
Dress Shirts
Fire, Rescue & Security
Jackets
Jerseys
Pants & Shorts
Polo Shirts
Promotional Products
Safety Wear
Sweaters
Sweatshirts
T-Shirts
Work Wear
Best Sellers
USA & Union Made Products
Embroidered Patches
Holiday Gift Ideas
Specials
Brand Names
High School Fanwear
Mille Lacs 2A Gear
Fast Track Products, Inc.;
3575 - 85th Ave North
Brooklyn Park, MN 55443
Phone:(763) 493-5740
Fax:(866) 527-4920