http://www.tmaworld.com/privacy-policy
CLOSE X
Home
Learning solutions +
BACK
Learning solutions
Matrix working +
BACK
Matrix working
Matrix leadership
Performing effectively in a matrix
Influencing without authority
Borderless collaboration +
BACK
Borderless collaboration
Effective virtual teamwork
Leading virtual teams
Managing remote contributors
Cultural intelligence +
BACK
Cultural intelligence
Managing across cultures
Developing cultural intelligence
Developing country insight
Digital fluency +
BACK
Digital fluency
Communicating virtually
Leading effective virtual meetings
Impactful virtual presentations
Exceptional virtual events
Our approach
Success stories
Why TMA World?
Our thinking
Contact
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
About this Privacy Policy
TMA World Limited (“TMA World” “us”, “we” or “our”), a company registered in England with number 2443521 and with its registered office at 32 High Street, Guildford, GU1 3EL, is committed to protecting the privacy of its users.
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains our policy regarding any personal data that you might supply to us (or that might be collected from you) when you visit our Website or use certain services offered via the Website (“Information”). The Information shall be used in accordance with the permissions granted by you and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”).
This Privacy Policy is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Website. Please take a minute to read and understand it and please note that it should be read in conjunction with our General Terms and our Cookie Policy, referred to below.
Please note this Privacy Policy only applies to the use of Information collected via our Website.
Data Controller
TMA World is the data controller (“Data Controller”) for the purposes of the Act and can be contacted at 32 High Street, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 3EL. You can contact them at privacy@learnspace.com. You can call them on 01483 303919.
Our commitment to protecting your privacy
TMA World is committed to protecting your privacy. This document is designed to give you a clear explanation of TMA World’s data processing policies. Please see below for further information. If you have any questions or concerns relating to TMA World’s use of your Information and/or data protection, please contact the Data Controller at our registered office address above.
By using the Website you consent to TMA World’s collection and use of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change this Privacy Policy we will post an updated version of this Privacy Policy on the Website to keep you aware of what Information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Information collected
You may send us or we may ask you for the following Information:
Your full name
Your address and postcode
Your job title
Your company name
Company size
Your company address
Your business email
Your phone number
TMA World may also collect certain information about your computer hardware and software, this includes:
Your IP address
Browser type
Operating system
Access times; and
Referring website addresses
How your information is used
TMA World may use your Information in the following ways:
To provide news and updates on our services
To ensure that the content on our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer
To enable you to use the interactive features of our Website
To provide products and services that you have requested
To develop and improve our products and services
For our internal record keeping
To contact you to answer any queries you may have
To contact you for market research or marketing purposes where you have given us permission to do so
For more information on how we may market products and services to you please see below.
Reporting fraud
We are committed to ensuring your Information is secure. As part of our efforts to protect your Information TMA World will never send you emails asking for your personal Information or for your registered password (if you are a registered user). If you do receive such an email or are asked to disclose this information by someone claiming to work for TMA World please report the communication to our Data Controller using the following methods:
Using the enquiry form at http://www.tmaworld.com/contact-us or
By writing to the Data Controller at our registered office address: TMA World, 32 High Street, Guildford, GU1 3EL
Correcting, updating and removing your information
You have the right to ask us to provide a copy of the Information we hold about you.If you would like your Information to be removed from our records or if your Information requires amending then we will endeavour to correct, update or remove your Information as swiftly as possible. This can be done using the following methods:
Using the enquiry form at http://www.tmaworld.com/contact-us  or
By writing to the Data Controller at our registered office address: TMA World, 32 High Street, Guildford, GU1 3EL
Our retention of your information
We take all reasonable steps to retain your personal Information only for as long as reasonably necessary. If you no longer want us to store your Information you may request for it to be removed from our records, please see below for details of how to request removal. Please note that such removal may prevent us from supplying certain services to you.
Marketing use
From time to time, and where you have given your permission to do so, we or our partners may wish to contact you with information relating promotions, offers and other information about our products and services, or the products and services of our partners including our group companies Country Navigator and Virtual Gurus. If you decide you do not want to receive those marketing communications, you can unsubscribe using the following methods:
On our website at: http://www.tmaworld.com/contact-us or
By writing to the Data Controller at our registered office address: 32 High Street, Guildford, GU1 3EL
On each marketing communication there will also be an opportunity for you to unsubscribe
Cookies
We use cookies on our Website for identification, analysis and advertising purposes. By using the Website you consent to the storing and accessing of cookies on your device.