http://www.salary.com/legal/pp/
Toggle navigation
Demo
Home
For You Personal Menu
For Employers Business Menu
Survey Catalog Servey Menu
Resources Resources Menu
Find a Job Job Menu
Blog
Experience CompAnalyst: Demo Blog
All Sections For You
Know Your Worth
Salaries
Skills
Companies
Jobs
Benefits
Industries
Locations
Get a RaiseGet a Personal Salary Report
Get a Raise
Salaries
Salary Wizard
Benefits
Cost of Living
Minimum Wage
Gender Gap
How to Get a Raise
Job Search
Find a Job
Research Companies
Create Job Alerts
Post Resume
Create an Account
How to Find a Job
Job Seeker Advice
Career
Skills
Career Development
Negotiation
Future of Work
Learning Center
All Articles
Eight Factors That Can Affect Your Pay Search Salary.com now
Back to main navigation
All Sections For Employers
Most innovative compensation technology backed by the most experienced team in the industry
See it in Action
Price a Job
Better communicate your compensation decisions to your employees
Market Price a Job
Data
U.S. Market Data Compdata Surveys Minimum Wage
Global Market Data (21) IPAS Surveys (146)
Survey Catalog
Executive Pay
Compensation Software
CompAnalyst Enterprise Market Pricing Survey Management Salary Structures Analytics Merit Modeling Labor Cost Forecasting
CompAnalyst for SMB
Job Description Management
Services
Consulting
Survey Participation
Custom Market Pricing
E-commerce Industry Data for SMB Single Job Reports
Partnerships & APIs
Compensation Reporting & Analysis Re-imagined! Learn more
Back to main navigation
All Sections Survey Catalog
Search Survey CatalogOver 200 titles to choose from
Most innovative compensation technology backed by the most experienced team in the industry
See it in Action
Core Surveys (23)
U.S. Benchmark Pro
Global Benchmark
Benefits USA
HR Metrics
Compdata Surveys
IPAS Surveys
Search Catalog
Industry Surveys (23)
Healthcare (6)
Technology (5)
Retail (4)
Manufacturing (10)
Financial Services (21)
Hospitality (4)
Colleges & Universities (5)
Other Data + Reports
CompAnalyst Market Data
CompAnalyst Executive
Executive Pay Survey
Minimum Wage Data
Free Surveys
Salary Budget Survey
Salary.com's 2019-2020 Salary Budget Survey Learn more
Search Catalog
Back to main navigation
All Sections Resources
Know Your Worth
Salaries
Skills
Companies
Jobs
Benefits
Industries
Locations
Stay InformedEnter your email to stay up to date
Stay Informed
Insights
Compensation Conscience
Employee Engagement
Future of Work
HR Compliance
HR Technology and Data
Pay for Performance
CompAnalyst Blog
Surveys
U.S. Benchmark Pro
Global Benchmark
Industry Surveys (23)
Benefits USA
HR Metrics
Free Surveys
Search Catalog
Articles
HR Articles
Healthcare Disruption in HR
Trends and Best Practices
War for Talent
Dream Jobs
Resources
Article 10 Benefits of Positive Risk-TakingThe only way to truly get the life you want is by taking positive risks and...
Article The ROI of an MBA DegreeThose with an MBA degree tend to enjoy a higher pay scale than those who... Back to main navigation
All Sections Find a Job
Find a Job Create Job AlertsStay up to date on job postings
Email
Sign up
Find a Job
Search Job Postings
Create Job Alerts
Post Resume
Hot Jobs
Create an Account
Articles
How to Get a Raise
How to Find a Job
Job Seeker Advice
Salary Negotiation
Future of Work
Advice for Managers
Hot Topics
Top 9 Hottest Jobs During the Pandemic
How to Apply for a Job During the Coronavirus Pandemic
COVID-19: Will I Lose My Job?
10 Benefits of Positive Risk-Taking
How Much Am I Worth?
How to Apply for a Job During the Coronavirus Pandemic Search Salary.com now
Back to main navigation
Legal Privacy Policy
Last Updated January 29, 2020 1. Intro
Your privacy is extremely important to Salary.com, LLC and its affiliates ("Salary"). In order to try to protect your privacy, Salary has developed and complies with this Salary.com Privacy Policy (this "Privacy Policy") in relation to Salary's collection, processing, and usage of data and information you share with Salary as part of your use of Salary's websites (the "Websites"), including salary.com and www.companalyst.com, and Salary's Service(s) (as defined in Salary's Data Subscription Agreement located at /legal/DSA/). This Privacy Policy also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. In relation to the Personal Data collected and processed through the Websites, Salary processes Personal Data as a data controller. In relation to Personal Data provided to and processed by Salary for Salary’s customers and subscribers, Salary processes Personal Data as a data processor. By accessing and using the Websites and/or Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy and consent to the data practices set forth in this agreement. 1.1. Summary This summary is intended to provide a high-level overview of Salary’s privacy and data collection practices – for more details, please refer to the relevant sections below. The type of data Salary collects and processes falls into two broad categories: information and data Salary collects for its own purposes through its Websites and other means (“Salary Collected Data”) and information and data Salary’s Customer’s provided to it for processing in connection with Salary’s Service(s) (“Customer Data”). Salary Collected Data consists of data a Website visitor shares with Salary through the Website, including, but not limited to, Personal Information such as your name, contact information, and/or employment and compensation information and other data and information Salary collects through the use of cookies and similar technologies. Salary uses the Salary Collected Data to provide Website functionality, analyze traffic and usage, deliver content tailored to your interests, provide and enrich the Service(s) and Salary’s market data and compensation databases, and to send you sales, services, support, and/or marketing emails or other communications concerning the Websites, Service(s), and/or other products, services, or offerings. Though Salary may disclose the Salary Collected Data to third parties, such as business partners, in furtherance of the above uses, Salary will not sell or lease your Personal Information. If you have any questions or concerns about any Salary Collected Data related to you, please reach out to Salary at privacy@salary.com. Customer Data consists of data provided to Salary by Salary’s Customers including, but not limited to, Personal Information about the Customer’s employees. Customer Data is collected by Salary’s Customers or their agents and is provided to Salary in the course of a Customer’s use of Salary’s Service(s). Salary only uses Customer Data to provide the Service(s) to the applicable Customer, in an aggregated and anonymous format to enrich its market data and compensation databases, and as permitted by the agreement between the Customer and Salary. 1.2. Contact Us Please contact Salary at privacy@salary.com or by mail at Salary.com, LLC, 610 Lincoln St, North Building, Suite 200, Waltham, MA 02451 with any privacy questions or comments you may have or to request or exercise any rights you have under applicable law to access, rectify, delete, restrict, retain, or reuse any of your Personal Information. 1.3. Changes to PP Salary reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted on salary.com and, in such event, Salary will update the "Last updated" date above. Please be sure to review any changes made to the Privacy Policy by occasionally checking this page for updates. Your continued use of the Websites and Service(s) will constitute your agreement to such updated Privacy Policy. 1.4. Customer Data In the course of Salary’s Customers’ use of any Service(s), Customer may load Personal Information concerning their employees, contractors, and/or other individuals into the Service(s) and use the Service(s) to process, handle, or store such information. Customers control and are responsible for correcting, deleting, or updating information they process, handle, store, or otherwise use concerning you, including any data about you that they may load into the Service(s). If you request that Salary removes your Personal Data, Salary will respond within a reasonable timeframe. Though Salary’s agreements with Customers prohibit Customers from loading or using the Service(s) to process, handle, or store Prohibited Data, Salary has no direct control over or responsibility for the data Customers choose to load into or use with the Service(s). Salary is not responsible for the data Customers load into or process, handle, or store within the Service(s). 2. Information Collected
2.1. Information Collected By accessing and using the Websites and by providing any Collected Information (as defined below), you represent and certify that you have all necessary and sufficient rights to provide the Collected Information to Salary and that you consent to the processing of the Collected Information for the purposes stated herein, including, but not limited to, providing Website functionality, providing Salary's service(s) and/or support and billing for such services, and for mailings and other sales and marketing actions. As part of your use and access to the Websites and/or Service, we may ask you to share different types of data with us. These types of data include:
Information that identifies you personally.
Your name, your contact information, or your employment and compensation information ("Personal Information").
You may also provide information about third parties.
Your employer, your employees, or your employer's employees ("Third Party Information") (together with Personal Information, the "Collected Information"). For example, you may share your name and contact information with Salary to allow Salary communicate with you, to order a product, to process an order, to access or download certain content or materials, to register for a service, to provide you with a subscription, or to do business with us.
Information about you in the course of your use or access of the Websites or Service.
Your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed, actions taken and pages viewed on the Websites or in the Service, next URL visited (regardless of whether it is a Salary Website), and other similar information collected as part of your use or access to the Websites or Service and all such information along with any information Salary collects through its use of cookies, clear gifs, web beacons/bugs, and log files shall also be considered Personal Information.
Salary uses Collected Information to provide the Websites and Service to you, to collect statistics about the usage and effectiveness of its Websites, its Service, and other services, products, and offerings, to determine whether you've opened an email or clicked on a link contained in an email, and to personalize your experience and tailor Salary interactions with you. 2.1.1. Cookies Salary and its partners may use various tracking technologies such as cookies or other similar technologies in connection with the Websites or Services. Salary may also use third party service providers (who may also use cookies or other tracking technologies) to allow Salary to analyze a visitors behavior on the Websites and in the Service. Salary uses both per-session and persistent cookies in conjunction with the Websites and the Service. You can access Salary’s Privacy Controls here to learn more about and mange which cookies are used on the Websites. Cookies are small bits of data stored locally by a browser that saves information and helps the hosting website identify the user upon subsequent visits. Cookies are uniquely assigned to the users' computer and may only be read by a web server located within the domain that originally issued the cookie. Cookies generally assist users by performing certain functions such as saving passwords and personal preferences for a website. Persistent cookies are stored for a set length of time determined by the web server when it passes the cookie on to the browser and are used to store information between visits to a site. Per-session cookies are used to store information only within a single session and are only cached while a user is visiting the web server that issues the per-session cookie. Per-session cookies are deleted from the cache when the user closes the session. Most browsers allow users to specify whether they would like to accept or decline cookies. Declining use of cookies in conjunction with the Websites or the Service may hinder performance and negatively impact the user experience. Use of cookies or similar technologies by Salary's advertisers is not covered by this Privacy Policy and Salary does not have access or control over any such cookies or similar technologies. 2.1.2. Clear Gifs Salary and its partners may also employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help Salary better manage content on the Websites and in the Service by informing Salary what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. 2.1.3. Log Files Salary gathers certain information about a visitor's visit, access, and use of the Websites and/or Service and stores such information in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. Salary may use this information which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Websites and the Service, to track visitors' movements around the Websites and the Service and to gather demographic information about our visitor base as a whole. 2.2. Payment Info If you purchase a subscription to the Service or purchase any other product or service from Salary, Salary may collect and process your payment information, including credit card numbers and billing information, using third party service providers which are PCI-compliant. 2.3. Children The Websites and Service are intended for us by adults and are not intended for or targeted at children under 13 years of age. Salary does not knowingly or intentionally collect information or data on children under 13 years of age. Please contact Salary at privacy@salary.com if you believe that Salary has collected information about a child under 13 years of age. 3. Use of Personal Information
3.1. Exclusive Use and No Resale All Personal Information is used exclusively by Salary unless otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Salary reserves the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if Salary reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect Salary's or Salary's business partner's rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. Salary does not sell, rent, share, or otherwise provide Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event Salary goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, change in control, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Salary may disclose, sell, transfer, or assign its rights to the Collected Information as part of such business transition. Salary will use reasonable efforts to notify you in the event of any such business transition, sale, transfer, or assignment of Salary's rights to the Collected Information. 3.2. Disclosure to Third Parties; Not for Sale From time to time, Salary may disclose the Collected Information to other non-Salary.com entities, such as our business partners. Except as described in this Privacy Statement, Salary will only do so with your prior consent. Salary will not, however, sell or lease the Collected Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Salary may disclose, remove, or alter any Third Party Information provided by you as instructed by the individual who is the subject of such Third Party Information. Salary may use and share the Collected Information in an aggregated and anonymous manner as Salary sees fit. Salary may also use other third parties, such as, for example, a credit card processing company to bill you for purchases or an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf, to help collect, manage, and process the Collected Information and you agree that Salary may share the Collected Information with such third parties as necessary for such purposes. 3.3. Use of Collected Information Salary may use the Collected Information for a variety of purposes including, but not limited to, (i) providing the Websites, Service, and related support services to you, (ii) personalizing your experience, analyzing usage and effectiveness of its Websites, Service, and other services, products, and offerings, (iii) completing transactions or purchases by you, and (iv) sending you sales, services, support, and/or marketing emails or other communications concerning the Websites, Service, and/or Salary's other products, services, or offerings. To help accomplish such purposes, Salary may share the Collected Information with others, for instance, Salary business partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, or postal or government authorities, such as customs authorities. Salary may in some situations also use the Collected Information in an aggregated and anonymous manner to the help improve the Service. Some of Salary's offerings may sponsored by Salary and one or more third parties. If you sign up for these offerings, be aware that your information may also be collected by and shared with those third parties. Please familiarize yourself with their privacy policies to gain an understanding of the manner in which they will handle information about you. If you choose to "Email This Page" to a friend or colleague, Salary may ask for their name, e-mail address, and/or other information about such friend or colleague. This information will be used solely to send a one-time e-mail sharing the page you indicated, but will not be used for any other purposes. Certain online transactions may involve telephone calls, online chats, or other communications between yourself and Salary. Please be aware that it is Salary's general practice to monitor and, in some cases, record such communications for staff training and quality assurance purposes or to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction. 3.4. Social Media and Third Party Sites The Websites contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by Salary, including links to social media platforms such as Facebook. The Websites may also contain various social media tools, integrations, or widgets such as the Facebook Like button. These third party sites and social media tools are hosted and provided by third parties. Please be aware that Salary is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites or social media tools. Salary encourages you to be aware when you visit any third party site or use any social media tools and to read the privacy statements of each and every third party site you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to information the Websites and the Service. All third party sites and social media tools are governed by the privacy policy of the third party that provides such site or tool. 3.5. Visitor Comments and Forums The Websites or Service may include functionality allowing you and others to access, view, and post comments on or through blogs, forums, or similar mediums. You agree that any information or material you post or otherwise make available through such mediums may be viewed, read, saved, collected, and used by others, including members of the public, and that Salary will have no obligations or liability arising from or related to such information. You also agree that Salary is not responsible for and will have no liability arising from or related to any information or materials posted or otherwise made available by any third party through such medium. 3.6. Advertising Salary may advertise its products and services on third party sites which are governed by such sites' own privacy policies. These third parties may use cookies, clear gifs, and/or other similar technologies to collect information (such as your IP address) about your activities on Salary's Websites or on third party sites in order to provide you targeted advertisements based upon your interests. Salary may use third-party ad server companies ("Advertisers") to serve or present ads that appear on the Websites as well. Advertisers may use information about you and your visits to the Websites and other sites in order to provide advertisements on Salary's Websites and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Advertisers may use cookies, clear gifs, or other similar technology to help present, better target, and/or measure the effectiveness of their advertisements, using data gathered over time and across their networks to determine the characteristics and preferences of their audience. The Websites may also set cookies on behalf of third parties other than Advertisers. These third parties collect non-personally-identifiable data and information regarding your internet use and the sites you visit. They may use this data or information to: (i) provide data or information products and services to Salary which may be used internally or Salary may sell or distribute such non-personally-identifiable data or information to third parties; (ii) provide data and information products and services direct to third party customers of the data collector. Salary does not authorize these third parties to store or use any personally identifiable information they obtain from Salary or the Websites. Some advertising networks Salary use may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). Individuals may opt-out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks by visiting www.networkadvertising.org. Salary may also use advertising networks that are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance. Such advertisements can be identified by the DAA icon. You can click on the DAA icon in the advertisements themselves to manage your preferences. 4. International
4.1. International Transfers If you are visiting the Websites from outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to Salary, including your Personal Information, will be sent to and processed within the United States. Salary is a global organization with business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross international borders. As such, Salary may share, transfer, and access information about you from locations and countries throughout the world where we do business or have offices. Where Salary transfers Personal Data received from the EEA to any other country, Salary uses the Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission to ensure adequate safeguards in relation to such transfers. If you would like to learn more about the safeguards Salary has in place in relation to such transfers, please contact Salary at privacy@salary.com. This Privacy Policy is designed to provide a globally consistent level of protection for personal information all over the world. This means that even in countries whose laws provide for less protection for your information, Salary will still handle your information in the manner described here. 4.2. PIPEDA The Websites abide by the principles established in Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act ("PIPEDA"). The PIPEDA principles are: (i) accountability/compliance with the principles, (ii) identification of the purposes/reasons for collecting the personal information, (iii) consent to the collection of the personal information, (iv) limiting the collection to only what is necessary in order to achieve the desired tasks, (v) limiting the use, disclosure and retention of the personal information, (vi) maintaining accurate data, (vii) safeguarding data with appropriate security policies, and (viii) making policies easily available to employees and customers. 5. General
5.1. Service Providers Salary may employ other companies, individuals, or consultants to provide services to users, customers, and prospects. You agree that Salary may share the Collected Information with such service providers in order to provide information, products, and/or services to you. For example, Salary may use such service providers to host data and information, send and receive emails, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments, and provide customer service. Salary will ensure that all such service providers adhere to privacy, security, and data handling practices at least as protective as Salary's own privacy, security, and data handling practices. 5.2. Security Salary uses reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to help protect the Collected Information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. For example, when a customer places an order online through any of Salary's Websites, the customer's credit card, personal information, employee and related account information is protected through the use of a secure encryption such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. Salary also requires that its suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. 5.3. Access Rights and Unsubscribing 5.3.1. Access Rights Salary will provide you with reasonable access to your Personal Information, including in some cases employee information, as well as the ability to review and correct such information. You may access, modify, or remove your Personal Information by contacting privacy@salary.com or, in some cases, by logging into the Service and making the applicable changes. In order to protect your privacy and security, Salary will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your Personal Information and may limit or deny access to any information where providing such access would be unreasonable, burdensome, or expensive in the circumstances. Salary will respond to requests for access within 30 days. 5.3.2. Retention Salary may retain the Collected Information for as long as you have a subscription to the Service, as it may be useful in order to potentially contact you about the Service, other services, products, or offerings, or as required by law or reasonably necessary for Salary to comply with any legal obligations, or enforce its rights or resolve disputes. In some cases we may retain the Collected Information in an aggregated and anonymous manner indefinitely. 5.3.3. Deletion Requests At any time, you can request that your information be deleted by either:
Contacting Salary at privacy@salary.com Contacting Salary by mail at Salary.com, LLC, Attn: Support – Unsubscribe, 610 Lincoln St, North Building, Suite 200, Waltham, MA 02451.
5.4. Compelled Disclosure Salary may disclose Collected Information if and when required by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, comply with legal mandates, enforce its rights, enforce any agreement between Salary and its customers or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Salary, its employees and agents, its users, and the public.
Home
›
Legal
›
Privacy Policy