https://www.actionmaster.com/policy-info/
Order Parts or Service: 757-531-2628
Complete Sales and Service of all Marine Applications & Products
CARTCHECKOUTMY ACCOUNT
Marine Sales and Service
Serving All of Hampton Roads and beyond
4517 Dunning Road | Norfolk | VA 23518
Order Parts or Service Today! 757-531-2628
MenuHomeShop For PartsOur ServicesCustomer ServiceLinksFAQsTestimonialsContact Us
Search
Submit
Product CategoriesNew Parts
Used Parts
Don’t see your part?
Make a PARTS REQUEST
POLICIES AND TERMS
Notice: Prices subject to change without notice.
Guarantee – We guarantee quality materials and workmanship.
Return Policy:
Within 15 days of receipt, we will exchange, replace or credit to your account any of our products which fail to meet your expectations. Refunds are issued less a 15% restocking fee. Items must be returned in original condition, along with a copy of the invoice. You are responsible for any shipping costs.
Cancellation Policy:
Since your order is placed “Live” In real time. Should you desire to cancel your order or payment please contact us within one hour of your transaction so we can void or return your funds if necessary!
Phone: 757-531-2628 (BOAT)
Your Privacy:
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more detail about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your orders and to notify you of your order status.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
We personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations about merchandise that might be of interest to you. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout. o
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes and special offers we think you’ll find valuable.
How do we protect customer information?
When you place orders we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information. Furthermore, all of the customer data collected is protected against unauthorized access because it is housed at one of the largest internet gateway processors in the world, Authorize.net.
None of your personal or credit card information is stored on our website server.
What about “cookies”?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as 1-Click shopping and to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. You will need to have them enabled to Shop with us.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
In Summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at our site posssible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
You are protected while you shop with us, you never have to worry about credit card safety. Period.
We guarantee that every transaction you make at our site will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping with us.
Why is it so safe?
Safety in Numbers: When you shop, you’ll be one of our valued customers who have safely shopped with us without credit card fraud.
Safe Technology: The secure server we use incorporates (SSL), the industry standard and is among the best software available today for secure e-commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Still don’t want to use your credit card on the Internet?
No problem. Just fill out our order form online. Print it and mail all pages to our office.
Guarantee Details:
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank can not hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, We will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. We will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at our web site while using the secure server.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
What About Customer Disputes
We very seldom have any customer disputes. Should you have any questions or problems with any product you order and or receive from us, please contact us directly and will “Make it Right”.. We value our customers and your satisfaction is our goal.
How Will I Receive Orders ?
You will be notified instantly by E-Mail once you place your order and it is approved by our credit card gateway.
Orders are shipped as soon as stock is pulled and via the method you select during the check out process.
Feel free to contact us anytime at:
Action Master Marine Service
4517 Dunning Road
Norfolk, VA 23518
757-531-2628(BOAT)
info@actionmaster.com
WHAT OUR HAPPY CLIENTS HAVE TO SAY
Tim Hannaford
Customer,
The best Marine service center in Hampton Roads!
They get the job done quickly and efficiently. I was back on the water in no time!
Mary is aweso…
VIEW MORE
Action Master Marine Service
4517 Dunning Road
Norfolk, VA 23518
757-531-2628
Action Master Marine Service. © 2019 | All Rights ReservedSHIPPING POLICIES | POLICIES AND TERMS | CONTACT US
Website Design and Hosting by Quik Web Design