http://www.tivoliaudio.com/pages/privacy-legal
Privacy & Legal
Learn about our policy.
Privacy/LegalTivoli Audio, the Tivoli Audio logo, and all Tivoli Audio product names, including: Model One, Model Two, Model Three, Model 10, Portable Audio Laboratory, and The Connector are trademarks of Tivoli Audio. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.Tivoli Audio reserves the right to make product changes without prior notice.Privacy PolicyEffective May 24, 2018We know many people are concerned about privacy on the Internet. That is why we keep your information confidential and respect your right to reasonable control of your personal information. We do not believe that your data should be sold to third parties and currently, Tivoli Audio does not sell your information and has no intention of doing so in the future.Our primary purpose for data collection is to improve your experience with Tivoli Audio products and your shopping experience.This Privacy Policy explains Tivoli Audio's ("Tivoli Audio", "we", "us", or "our") privacy practices and provides information on what personal information we collect, directly and indirectly, and how we use it. Personal information is defined as information that identifies you or that we associate with you. We also inform you of what choices you can make about the information collected and how you can control those choices. This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the 'Statement') applies to the information we collect and use about you when operating Tivoli Audio Products (hereinafter referred to as 'Product(s)') including but not limited to the Tivoli Audio Wireless App (hereafter referred to as the 'Tivoli Audio Wireless App', 'Wireless App', or 'App') and all Tivoli Audio web shops.All of these products and services are grouped under the term "Services". Please note that we need specific information to provide you with our services. If you do not provide us with this information or ask us to delete it, you may not be able to access or use our services.Please read this statement carefully to learn how Tivoli Audio uses or shares your personal information.Data that you provide us: Tivoli Audio collects information that you voluntarily provide to us directly. Some examples of times we collect your data:Signing up for marketing emailsRegistering your products with usEmailing our customer support teamInquiries or questions that you send by form or emailGeneral communication and interactions with us (for example: on our website, at special events, over the phone, in third-party social networks, and mail and email communications.)The services you useParticipations in Tivoli Audio raffles and giveawaysReviews and feedback submitted about Tivoli Audio's product and servicesCreating an account and registering productsOrder processingThe information we collect about you for these purposes can include: Name, address, phone number, and email addressBusiness information including company name, address, and phone number if contacting us for business or partnership purposes.Billing information such as address, credit or debit card number, expiration date, and Card Verification CodeInformation about purchases and transactions with usInformation from your interactions with our customer support team< /li>Information you volunteer about your devicesAny other information that you provide voluntarily to Tivoli Audio as part of the use of our ServicesInformation you provide about others:If you purchase product and have it shipped to someone else such as a gift, we also store the information about the other person you provide us to deliver the product accordingly and provide customer support.Data we collect automatically: When you use Tivoli Audio services we collect certain information as explained below. Sometimes this includes service providers (third party companies acting on our behalf) which use different data collection technologies. This includes tags, cookies, pixels and other methods.Website: When you use our websites Tivoli Audio collects and analyzes the following information, IP address, location based on IP, browser type, language used, operating system, software and hardware properties (including unique device IDs), how you came to and navigated the website, clicks, page views, time on specific pages, the term used to find our websites, the date and time of using our services, error logs and related information.Tivoli Audio Wireless App: When you connect your ART by Tivoli Audio products to the internet through the Tivoli Audio Wireless App we may automatically receive information about your use of our services. This data does not uniquely identify you but helps us to improve our services. This information includes operating system, usage, sessions, time of sessions, crash and bug reportsART by Tivoli Audio Wireless products: We suggest that all ART by Tivoli Audio products be connected to your home network to allow for improvements through firmware updates. When connecting the device, you will have to share with the speaker your wireless network and its password. The access point IP address and password (SS ID) are stored in the product in order to be used. This information is not shared nor stored by Tivoli Audio except in the purchased products themselves.Data collected through social media and other platforms: If you access our Services through a third-party link or social network, you may allow us to access and store certain information from your profile within the social networks. Depending on the service, this could include but is not limited to the following, name, gender, location, logins, and friends list. If you do not want to share this information you can refrain from accessing our Services from a social network. To learn more about how these social networks handle your data review the privacy policies and terms for each network. You may also be able to change your privacy settings there.Similarly, if you link your Tivoli Audio products to other platforms or content providers such as Spotify, Tidal, Deezer, QQ music, and Tune In, these providers collect their own unique data and your preferences can be set with those providers individually.If you have "liked" us on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, or other social media channels or are following us, we may collect information about you such as name, email address, and content or comments you upload. We also collect your information when you sign up for one of our promotions or send us information through social media channels.Security and Storing your data: Tivoli Audio is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. While we do take reasonable precautions to guard the personal information we collect, no security system is impenetrable. You understand and agree that we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to or through our services or over the internet and that such transfer is at your own risk.While no Service is completely secure, Tivoli Audio takes precautionary measures to help prevent information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and that are in controlled facilities. We also ensure that our third-party data center vendors provide adequate security measures.We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purpose for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws. Personal data collected by Tivoli Audio may be stored and processed in your region or in any other country where Tivoli Audio service providers are located. We have put in place adequate mechanisms as defined in General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), to protect personal information when it is transferred internationally. All personal information we hold is subject to this privacy policy and our internal retention policies.North America: The data controller for all information is Tivoli Audio, Inc, located at 745 Atlantic Ave, Boston MA 02111.International: Tivoli Audio Cooperatief U.A. located at Mariaplaats 3 3511 LH Utrecht, The Netherlands is the data controller for all personal data shared.If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@tivoliaudio.com.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION Tivoli Audio uses the data we collect to provide you with the Products and Services we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalize your experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you for example, informing you about your account, new products or services available, security, and other types of updates.Tivoli Audio uses the data for the following reasons:Processing and fulfilling ordersCustomer supportProviding and improving product experienceSecurity, Safety, and Dispute resolutionBusiness OperationsCommunication, Marketing and AdvertisingProcessing and fulfilling orders Tivoli Audio uses the personal data you provide to fulfill our contract to you when you purchase from our or our affiliate sites. We share this information with third parties to properly process credit cards and prevent fraud.Customer support We use data to respond to customer inquiries, diagnose Product problems, repair customers Products and provide other customer care and support services. This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you as well as to serve our legitimate interest.Providing and improving product experience We use data to provide, operate, support and improve the Tivoli Audio Products and Services we offer to ensure our customers can listen as effortlessly as possible. This process is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you .Security, Safety, and Dispute resolution We use data to protect the security and safety of our Products and our customers, to detect and prevent fraud, to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. This process is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Business Operations We use data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business. This process is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.Communication, Marketing and Advertising We use the data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means of electronic communication (including through the App) to inform you about new Tivoli Audio Products or Services, new music services available in your area, firmware updates, update you on support issues, or invite you to take part in a survey. This process is necessary to serve our legitimate interest. We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant advertising to you. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please visit Your Rights and Choices section.To give you a better understanding of the personal information we collect and use in different occasions, you may interact with Tivoli Audio. Please see the sections below.Modern Marketing ToolsTivoli Audio uses several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts.Tivoli Audio may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about our Products and Services on our websites and across the internet. To provide this "interest-based advertising", parties combine non-personal data about your online activities over time which helps cater advertising that we deliver to you. Examples of this may include a Tivoli Audio advertisement on a Facebook page, or a Google owned page such as a search results page or YouTube, or on a site within Google's advertising network. We do not share your personal information as part of this process. Where necessary, we obtain your consent for this process. At all times, you can opt out of these personalized ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI websites and DAA websites. Opting out may make the ads you see across the internet less relevant to you.If you have opted out of receiving communications from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising.LEGAL BASIS FOR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION The below legal basis exist for the use of your data described in this Privacy Policy:Fulfillment of a contract: Your personal information may need to be used to fulfill the contract you've entered into with us such as, completion of the purchase of your Tivoli Audio products, registering an account, or registering your product's warranty, help resolve delivery issues, process returns, or to answer your questions.Legitimate Interests: We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyze and improve our Products and Services and the content on our websites and app, to send you notifications about software updates or information about Products and Services, or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you, you may exercise your right to object by sending an email to privacy@tivoliaudio.com.COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES To collect the data mentioned in the section, “Data we collect automatically,“ we and our service providers use server logs, cookies, tags, metering pixels, and similar tracking technologies. These tools allow us to personalize our sites to you, remind us of your preferences, understand how visitors to our sites or apps use them, and customize our marketing offerings.Cookies A "cookie" is a small data file that contains a specific string and is sent to your computer when you visit a website. If you visit the website again, it may detect your browser using the cookie. How long a cookie stays on your computer or mobile device depends on the type of cookie placed. We use the following cookies on our siteMandatory cookies: These cookies are essential for you to browse our website and use its features, such as the shopping cart. Without these cookies, this service cannot be provided.Functional cookies: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you have made while browsing our site and personalizes your experience. We might store your geographic location to show you the website and product relevant to your area for example.Third Party cookies: Third party cookies are those placed by websites and/or parties other than Tivoli Audio. These cookies may be used on our website to improve our products or services or to help us provide more relevant advertising. These cookies are subject to the respective privacy policies for these external services, for example, Facebook Data Use Policy. (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/)Analytic Cookies: We use analytics cookies like those offered by Google Analytics, to help us understand things like how long a visitor stays on our website, what pages they find most useful, and how they arrived at different Tivoli Audio websites. To learn more about Google Analytics and your data, visit this Google webpage.Controlling Your Cookie Settings Please know that you can adjust your cookie settings through your web browser and its preferences. If you limit the availability of our website to set cookies, you might impair your overall experience as it will no longer be personalized to you.Some browsers offer users the ability to set a Do Not Track (DNT) signal. Tivoli Audio's sites do not currently recognize DNT signals, but will only process personal data in accordance with our Privacy Statement.Learn more about controlling your cookie settings on these popular web browsers:Google ChromeInternet ExplorerSafariFirefoxPixels In addition to cookies, Tivoli Audio also uses counting pixels (also known as web beacons, clear gif, or pixel tag) to track marketing emails (if you have opted into receiving these correspondences). We also use third-party pixels (e.g. Google, Facebook, and other networks that can be used for promotional purposes) to provide you with relevant advertising. You can learn more about this information in the "Communication, Marketing, and Advertising" section.Other Identifiers When you use the Tivoli Audio Wireless App information is collected to improve the overall experience for all users. More information about the data collected can be found in the, "Data we collect automatically," section.YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES You have the right to control the data we collect and its use. Subject to local laws you can do the followingRequest a copy of your personal data we hold about you.You can inform us of any changes to your personal information, or request corrections to any of the personal information we hold about you.To delete or restrict information that we have stored about you and how we process itYou have the right to object to the processing of your dataYou have the right to revoke your consent to the processing of your dataTo transfer your information to an external service provider.Tivoli Audio is using your personal information on the basis of your consent and you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. We process your personal data based on our legitimate interest, but you have the right to object at any time to the use of your personal data.We want to make sure that your personal data is complete and up to date. If there are any changes to your data, please contact us at privacy@tivoliaudio.com..Tivoli Audio will respond to your request as soon as possible, but within 30 days and are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about how we utilize your personal data. If you feel we have not assisted you with your complaint you may have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority in your country or supervisory authority.Your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences You are able to opt out of receiving any communications from Tivoli Audio by clicking the unsubscribe link on the bottom of all of our marketing emails. We respect your choice and will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe. Please note it may take a few days for the system to take your email off the list.We might send you updates from time to time about firmware and App upgrades or privacy policy changes that directly affect you and the product that you use. You can unsubscribe to these emails as well by following the instructions on the bottom of your email.If you have shared your personal information with us and there is a data breach we will contact you about this significant news within the period dictated by law in your country or region. This is to protect both yours and our legitimate interest.You may adjust the amount of interest-based advertising you may receive from us by changing your cookie settings and/or opting out of advertising networks. If you have opted out of receiving interest-based emails from us, we will no longer use your emails for such forms of advertising.CHILD PROTECTION Tivoli Audio's services are intended for general audiences and not for children under the age of 13 and we in no way intend to target children. If we become aware that we have collected personal information (as defined by the United States Children's Online Privacy Protection Act) from children under the age of 13 without legally-valid parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We do not knowingly process data of EU residents under the age of 16 without parental consent. If we become aware that we have collected data from an EU resident under the age of 16 without parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws.CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY Tivoli Audio reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use parties, features of Services we offer, or advancements in technology. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through our website, so you may review the Privacy Policy periodically. We will publish the effective date for each policy on the top of the document. If we alter this Policy, you will be provided with appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. By continuing to use Tivoli Audio's Services and Products you are confirming that you have read and understood the latest version of this Privacy Policy. CONTACT US If you would like to contact us, have any questions, or complaints in regard to this Privacy Policy please email us at privacy@tivoliaudio.com.
translation missing: en.layout.drawers.close
This website is using cookies
We use them to give you the best experience. If you continue using our website, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website.
Age verification
By clicking enter you are verifying that you are old enough to consume alcohol.
Enter
Search
Submit
In Your Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue shopping