http://www.1stuscu.org/website-privacy
Skip to main content
Menu
Mobile search:
Locations
Contact Us
Make an Appointment
Chat
Checking & SavingsChecking & Savings
Products
Checking Accounts
Certificate Accounts
Individual Retirement Accounts
Investment Accounts & Services
Money Market Accounts
Savings Accounts
Business Accounts
Resources
NCUA Insurance
Debit Card
Courtesy Pay
Loans & CreditLoans & Credit
Products
Auto Loans
Credit Cards
Home Equity Loans & Lines
Mortgage Loans
Personal Loans & Lines
Share Secured Loans
Resources
Calculators
Loan Payment Options
Auto Buying Service
Auto and Home Insurance
Debt Protection
Vehicle Protection
Online & MobileOnline & Mobile
Online Banking
Bill Pay
Money Manager
Transfers
View Our How To Videos
Mobile Banking
Mobile Deposit
Mobile Wallets
Account Alerts
Visa Purchase Alerts
Visa SRC
Fraud Text Alerts
More for YouMore for YouHoliday Visa Gift Cards
Meet Us
Join
For Employers
Careers
In The Community
Financial Education
Fraud & Cybersecurity Tips
Press Releases
Annual Report
Print Your Credit Report
Calculators
AD&D Insurance
Accident & Illness Insurance
Auto & Home Insurance
Life Insurance
NCUA Insurance
BALANCE Financial Fitness
Identity Theft Protection
Visa Gift Cards
Travel Notification Form
Login
Login to Online Banking
Mobile Login:
Username:
Password:
Login
Enroll in Online Banking
Forgot Login ID
Forgot password
Download our App
Close Login Box.
Website Privacy Website Privacy Statement
Effective May 22, 2017
Thank you for viewing our privacy statement. 1st United Credit Union has created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: 1stunitedcu.org.
Visitors to 1st United's Web pages will remain anonymous. We do not collect personally identifying information about visitors to our site. Our servers collect standard non-identifying information about web page visitors, such as date and time of visit, IP address, browser and domain. This information is used to compile standard statistics on site usage and to monitor equipment and security. This information also helps us provide our users with better service.
Application forms on our site require users to give us contact information. We use member contact information from these application forms to send the user information about the credit union should they indicate they are interested. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. 1st United is not responsible for the security, privacy practices or the content of such web sites. We urge you to review the privacy policies of any linked web sites that you may visit before you provide them with any personal information.
How we use Cookies and Other Technology
“Cookies” are small amounts of data a website can send to a visitor’s web browser. They are often stored on the device you are using to help track your areas of interest. We contract with companies to distribute emails on 1st United's behalf, perform analytics, and to deliver online advertisements on our Site, on other websites and on other applications. These companies may use third-party cookies, or other devices such as website scripting, pixels or action tags to collect anonymous information about you when you visit our Site. We use this information to learn which online advertisements attracted you, and to help us analyze our website and the effectiveness of our marketing. In addition, 1st United uses first-party cookies for similar purposes. These cookies and other devices do not contain personally identifiable information about you. Most web browsers allow you to adjust your browser settings to decline or delete cookies, but doing so may degrade your experience with our online services.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please see our section labeled "Website Security Policy" for detailed information.
Choice / Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by calling our member contact center at (800) 649-0193.
Correct / Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying contact information previously provided. If your contact information has changed, please call our member contact center at (800) 649-0193.
Submission of Loan Applications
Personally identifying information provided to 1st United through submission of loan applications will only be used to handle the request. Information submitted via these applications is not sold or transferred to other parties.
Contacting the Website
At 1st United Credit Union, we are committed to protecting your privacy. Once again, thank you for viewing our privacy statement. If you have questions or concerns, please send an email by clicking on our Contact Us page, or send a letter to the below listed address:
1st United Credit Union
C/O Marketing Department
5901 Gibraltar Drive
Pleasanton, CA 94588
Print This Policy
Related Articles
Financial Safety Tips for the Holiday Season
Shielding Your Family From Financial Elder Abuse
Common Scams That Target the Elderly
Five Tips To Keep Your Info Safe: Cybersecurity Awareness Month
Back to Top