https://www.oasis.ie/privacy-policy/
SECURITY
OASIS (B International t/a Oasis) has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. To deliver the world’s highest level of trust, UbiquiTLS, a Comodo company, authenticates our organisation, enabling end users to verify your site and communicate via state-of-the-art SSL. This protects confidential information from interception and hacking.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
This site gives visitors and customers the following options for removing personal information from our database:
1. You can click here for the full cookie declaration and then click on "Withdraw your consent"
2. You can send an email to: info@oasis.ie
3. You can mail us at Bunree Industrial Estate, Bunree Rd, Bunree, Ballina, Co. Mayo, F26 D5R3, Ireland
PRIVACY POLICY
At OASIS, our relationship with our customers is very important. We are respectful about the privacy concerns of visitors and customers to the website.
OASIS is committed to providing our customers with a secure website to shop and will only collect the personal information that is necessary to process your order. Our customers 	should feel assured that access to this information will be limited to the appropriate employees and will never be sold or given to any outside company.
Please read the following information to learn more about how and why we collect information and how the information is safeguarded.
WHAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
This Privacy Policy covers any personal information that OASIS obtains from you when you use our website. This policy does not cover the practices of companies that OASIS does not own or control, or the actions of people that OASIS does not employ or manage.
Our Privacy Policy may change in the future. We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. If we make any material changes, we may post a notice on our home page.
By using this website, you agree to the terms of our policy. For more information about the terms of use for this website, please visit our Terms and Conditions page.
Data Collection, Use and Sharing
As part of our ordinary business practices, OASIS may collect personally identifiable information (name, address, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, URL information, and other payment information from customers and prospective customers) only if specifically and knowingly provided by you.s
OASIS does not sell, share, or trade customer information. Your privacy is very important to us. Please be assured that information sent to OASIS Europe, is used solely for the purpose of filling your order. We guarantee that any information supplied to us will not be disclosed to any other group, company, or organisation outside OASIS Europe, and its affiliates.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via postal mail or e-mail in the future to tell you about specials, new products, or services.
INFORMATION PROTECTIONS
OASIS uses industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our website. SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the internet help protect your online transaction information from third-party interception.
Unfortunately, despite all our efforts, there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions. This reality is true of all internet use. As a result, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit, and you transmit all information at your own risk.
SHARED PERSONAL INFORMATION
OASIS may only share your personal information with companies that perform services for us, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mails, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, investigating fraud, conducting customer surveys, and providing customer service. They have access to information needed to perform their functions, but under no circumstances are these partners permitted to use your information in any manner other than to help us make our website more useful and efficient for our visitors.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
OASIS does not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13. This policy is designed to protect children. Federal law requires us to take special steps to safeguard children’s privacy. If you register with us and we discover that you are under 13, we will delete your registration. We will not send you a message if we do this. If you are under 13 and want to make a purchase, please ask a parent to place the order for you.
Note to Parents: If your child is under 13 and has become registered using a false age, please notify us, we will immediately close the account and nullify all personally identifiable information collected from them.
CORRECTIONS
If you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please contact us via the contact details given on this website.
CONTACT US
For more information or if you have questions or concerns about the OASIS Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at info@oasis.ie or mail us at Bunree Industrial Estate, Bunree Rd, Bunree, Ballina, Co. Mayo, F26 D5R3, Ireland