http://www.modis.com/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy/
closeGlobalGlobalAsia PacificAustraliaSingaporeJapanThailandEuropeBelgiumBulgariaFranceGermanyItalyNetherlandsNorwayPolandSpainSwedenUKThe AmericasUSACanadaLanguagesEnglish
closeLooking for your local Modis?Go to Modis USI want to choose another countryGlobalGlobalAsia PacificAustraliaSingaporeJapanThailandEuropeBelgiumBulgariaFranceGermanyItalyNetherlandsNorwayPolandSpainSwedenUKThe AmericasUSACanadaLanguagesEnglish
Privacy PolicyLatest update: October 2018
Adecco Group AG, Bellerivestrasse 30, 8008 Zürich,
Switzerland (“Adecco", “we" or “us") is committed to protecting
and respecting your privacy.
This Policy (together with other documents referred to
herein) describes what personal information we collect from you and how we
process your personal information.
Personal information we may collect from you
We
will collect personal information on your visits to the Website including,
but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other
resources that you access. Our collection of this personal information
will make your visit to the Website easier in the future as we will be
able to suggest Content that is relevant to you based on the location you
access the Website from.
We
may also store cookies as set out in more detail in our Cookie
Policy
How we use your personal information
Your personal information will be collected and handled by
us for the following purposes:
to
allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website, if any, when
you choose to do so;
to
best tailor Content and resources according to your preferences;
to
help us create, publish, and improve Content most relevant to you;
to
ensure that the Content provided through the Website is presented in the
most effective manner for you and for your device; and
to
further develop and improve the Website and systems to better serve you.
Our use of your information as described above is permitted
by applicable data protection law because it is:
necessary
for our legitimate interests in pursuing the purposes set out above, and
such interests in each case not being overridden by your privacy
interests;
in
some cases, necessary to meet our legal or regulatory responsibilities,
such as disclosures to authorities, regulators or government bodies; or
in
some cases, necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the
public interest and, when we use special categories of personal information,
necessary for establishing. exercising or defending legal claims or where
the processing relates to personal information manifestly in the public
domain;
We will keep your information for the longer of the period
required in order to meet our legal or regulatory responsibilities. The
retention periods of your personal information depend on the respective purpose
the data are processed for and the respective area such personal information
are processed in. It is not possible to outline the various retention periods
in a reasonably intelligible format under this Policy. The criteria used to
determine the applicable retention period are that we will retain the personal
information set out in this policy for as long as (i) necessary for the
respective purpose, (ii) necessary to carry out our business relationship with
you, (iii) you have consented to, and/or (iv) required by applicable statutory
retention laws.
Sharing with third parties
To facilitate our efficient use of your information, and to provide
you with the content and/or resources, we disclose your information to third
parties. However, this disclosure will only occur in the following
circumstances:
To suppliers, contractors and agents: From
time to time we may engage or employ other companies and individuals to
perform functions on our behalf or in order to enforce or apply our terms
of website use and other agreements. Examples may include, administrative
functions associated with this Website or the hosting by a third party.
List of suppliers:
Adecco Group N.A”, with registered address at
Adecco, 5600 United DR SE, Smyrna GA 30082-4752 (Georgia data center).
Services: hosting and maintenance activities. and their respective
subcontractors. These companies shall have access to only that personal data
required by it to perform their functions, and these companies may not use such
data for any other purposes.
These recipients will be subject
to contractual confidentiality obligations.
To
other entities belonging to the Adecco Group (i.e. any companies directly
or indirectly controlled by Adecco). A list of Adecco Group companies is
included here https://www.adeccogroup.com/worldwide-locations/
including their suppliers, contractors
and agents, which may be involved in the provision of the Website or the
content, so that we can better serve you.
To
government or law enforcement authorities if we determine in our sole
discretion that we are under a legal obligation to do so.
IP addresses and cookies
We collect information about your computer, including (where
available) your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system
administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and
patterns, and does not identify you or any individual. For the same reason, we
may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file
which is stored on your device. Cookies help us to improve the Website and to
deliver a better and more personalised content. For more information about our
use of cookies on the Website, please refer to our Cookie Policy. If your
computer is shared with other people, we advise that you do not select the
‘remember my details’ option when that option is offered by the Website.
Where your personal information is stored and processed.
As explained in the “Sharing with third parties"
paragraph above, we share your personal information with the following:
Third
party suppliers, contractors or agents: where we use a third party
supplier, contractor or agent, your personal information remains under our
control and we have controls in place to ensure your personal information
is adequately protected.
Other
companies in the Adecco Group: we have entered into a groupwide arrangement
to ensure your personal information continues to be subject to an adequate
level of protection. We endeavour to take all steps reasonably necessary
to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in
accordance with this Policy.
Do we transfer your data outside of Switzerland?
Your personal
information can be transferred and processed in one or more other countries
outside of Switzerland. We shall only transfer your data outside Switzerland to
countries which provide adequate level of data protection as defined by Swiss
data protection law, or where the Adecco Group has put in place appropriate
safeguards to seek to preserve the privacy of your information. Those countries include United Kingdom, United States, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Australia.
Data Security
Although we will do
our best to protect your personal information, you should be aware that the
transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we
cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the
Website or any third party; for this reason, any transmission is at your own
risk. We will use strict operational procedures and adequate, technical and
organizational security measures to prevent any unauthorised access, change,
deletion or transmission of this personal information.
Your rights. How you can access, correct and delete your
personal information
Under applicable data protection laws, you have the
following rights:
Right
to access and obtain a copy of your personal information: You are entitled
to request confirmation whether we process any of your personal
information. Where this is the case, you may have access to your personal
information and to certain information about how it is processed. In some
cases you can ask us to provide you with an electronic copy of your
information.
Right to correct your personal
information: If you can demonstrate that personal information we hold
about you is not correct, you can ask that this information is updated or
otherwise corrected.
Right
to be forgotten/have data deleted: In certain circumstances you have the
right to have your personal data deleted. You may make such a request at
any time and Adecco will evaluate if your request should be granted,
however this right is subject to any legal rights or obligations we may
have to retain data. For situations where in accordance with the law, we
determine that your request to have your personal information deleted must
be granted, Adecco will do so without undue delay.
To exercise your rights, you can
contact us at the following address: privacy@adeccona.com
To the extent our processing of your personal information is
based on your consent, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any
time. Withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
processing based on your consent before the receipt of such withdrawal. You can
also lodge a complaint about our processing of your personal information with
your local data protection authority.
Marketing communications.
The Website does not collect any personal data for this
purpose.
Changes to this Policy
The terms of this Policy may change from time to time. We
shall publish any material changes to this Policy through appropriate notices
either on this website or contacting you using other communication channels.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are
welcomed and should be addressed to Adecco Group AG, Bellerivestrasse 30, 8008
Zürich, Switzerland, email address: privacy@adeccona.com
You can request a copy of mechanisms relating to a specific
transfer of your personal information by contacting
Adecco Group, A.G.
Group Communications Department
Postal address: Bellerivestrasse
30
8008 Zürich
Switzerland
You can also contact our data protection representative at
the following address: adecco.globalprivacy@adecco.com