https://www.innomech.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy - Innomech
+44 1353 667394
info@innomechgroup.co.uk
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Home
Services
Bespoke Automation
Automation Overview
Medical
Renewables
Industrial Automation
Our Process
Process Overview
Prototyping & Innovation
Custom Design & Simulation
Procurement & Build
Integration & Testing
Validation
On-site Support
About Innomech
Company Overview
The Innovation Centre
Awards
Collaborations
News
Careers
Expertise
Customer Support
News
Case Studies
Contact
Nexus IE
Select Page
Privacy Policy and Cookies
PRIVACY
The Innomech Group, consisting the businesses GB Innomech Ltd and Nexus IE Ltd is committed to respecting your privacy and the privacy of every [visitor to our web site or person completing our online forms].  The information we collect about you will be used to fulfil the required services and enable us to improve how, as an organisation, we communicate with you.
Should you have a question about the data we store, our contact details are:
The Innomech Group
The innovation Centre
Common Road address Line 2
Witchford, Ely
CB6 2HZ
info@innomechgroup.co.uk
+44 (0) 1353 667 394
The information that we collect about you will only be used lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018). All data is retained exclusively within the United Kingdom, or transferred only to ‘third countries’ where ‘adequacy of protection’ or specific certification as defined by The GDPR has been confirmed.
This information will not be disclosed to anyone outside The Innomech Group or its associated companies, partners, and other companies with which The Innomech Group has arranged services for your benefit.
We expect the information we hold to be accurate and up to date. You have the right as an individual to find out what information we hold about you and make changes if necessary; you also have the right, assuming we are not obligated by law to refuse, to ask us to stop using the information. To have your information removed or rectified, please contact Marketing at info@innomechgroup.co.uk.
The type of information that we will collect on you, and you voluntarily provide to us on this website includes:
* Your name
* Address
* Telephone number(s)
* Email address
* Survey responses
* IP address
We may, in further dealings with you, extend this information to include your address, purchases, services used, records of conversations and agreements and payment transactions.
You are under no statutory or contractual requirement or obligation to provide us with your personal information; however we require at least the information above in order for us to deal with you as a prospect in an efficient and effective manner.
The legal basis for processing your data is based on your legitimate interest that we will have requested at the point the information was initially provided, therefore we will not store, process or transfer your data outside the parties detailed above unless we have an appropriate lawful reason to do so.  Unless we are precluded from doing so by law, you have the right to remove your consent at any time via the unsubscribe link included on all emails we send, or by contacting us and requesting that processing of your details be restricted or deleted.
Unless otherwise required by law, your data will be stored for a period of 2 years after our last contact with you, at which point it will be deleted.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Innomech Group takes precautions, including administrative, technical, and physical measures, to safeguard your Data against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
The Innomech Group uses industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of Data, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your Data.
COOKIES
This site uses cookies – these are small text files that are placed on your device to help this website to provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website sets “first party” cookies through its use of Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to provide us with non-personal site analytics, which in turn help us improve this website. Google Analytics tracking uses cookies in order to provide meaningful reports about web site visitors’ but they do not collect personal data about you. Google Analytics sets or updates cookies only to collect data required for the reports. Additionally, Google Analytics only uses first-party cookies. This means that all cookies set by Google Analytics cannot be altered or retrieved by any service on any domain other than www.Innomech.co.uk and www.nexus-ie.co.uk.  Further detailed information on Google Analytics cookies can be found here.
If you have a concern about how we handle your data, or you would like to lodge a complaint, you may do so by contacting The Information Commissioners Office.
Latest
The Realities of Scaling Up UK ManufacturingGood Project Management in Automated ManufacturingHow Has Automation Changed Manufacturing?The Relevance of Industry 4.0 After Lockdown
CategoriesNews
Case Studies
Innomech The Innovation Centre, Common Road
Witchford, Ely, Cambridgeshire CB6 2HZ
Home
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Nexus IE
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use our site we will assume that you are happy to receive these.Close