http://www.arkbluecross.com/employers/resource-center/financial-information-privacy-notice
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
Info
Information about COVID-19 and your insurance coverage
X to plus
Close
left arrow
Employers
Blue and You Fitness Challenge
Prior approval
Financial information privacy notice
COBRA administration
Employers
Financial information privacy noticeArkansas Blue Cross and Blue Shield and its affiliates (including HMO Partners, Inc. d/b/a Health Advantage) understand
the privacy of your employees’ information is important to you. The proper handling and security of that information is
one of our highest priorities. We want you to know how we protect that information should any of your employees have
questions about how their information is handled.Arkansas Blue Cross collects nonpublic personal financial information about the members of your health plan from several
sources. This information includes such items as names and other personal identifiers from applications for Arkansas
Blue Cross products, transaction information from the use of our products, and information related to the fact that your
employees who are covered by us have been or currently are our customers.Customer informationArkansas Blue Cross and its affiliates collect nonpublic personal financial information about the members of your health
plan from several sources. This information includes such items as names and other personal identifiers from
applications for Arkansas Blue Cross and its affiliates’ products, transaction information from the use of our products,
and information related to the fact that your employees have been or currently are our customers.Sharing of informationArkansas Blue Cross and its affiliates do not disclose, and do not wish to reserve the right to disclose, nonpublic
personal information about your health plan members to our affiliates or other parties except as permitted or required
by law. Examples of instances in which Arkansas Blue Cross and its affiliates may provide personally-identifiable
information about your employees (including but not limited to name, postal and email addresses, telephone numbers, and
related nonpublic financial information) to affiliates or other third parties are:To service or process products that your employees have requested.To provide information as permitted and required by law to accrediting agencies.To provide information to comply with federal, state or local laws in an administrative or judicial process.To provide information to a business associate (including one of our affiliated companies) working with Arkansas
Blue Cross in providing services to your health plan and your employees (our members).How we protect your informationArkansas Blue Cross and its affiliates use various security mechanisms to protect your employees’ personal data
including electronic and physical measures as well as company policies that limit employee access to non-public personal
financial information. Improper access and use of confidential information by an Arkansas Blue Cross employee can result
in disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.Disclosure of privacy noticeArkansas Blue Cross and its affiliates recognize and respect the privacy concerns of potential, current and former
customers. Arkansas Blue Cross and its affiliates are committed to safeguarding this information. This Financial
Information Privacy Notice is provided for informational purposes and will be updated and distributed as required by
law. It is also available on our website at arkansasbluecross.com or from our Customer Service Call Centers. Our
Customer Service Call Centers are open from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Central time, Monday through Friday.Arkansas Blue Cross — 1-800-238-8379Self-funded group members should call Customer Service
using the toll-free telephone number on their ID card.
Notices
We're mobile!
Find care, claims & more with our new app.Go mobile
Traveling abroad?
Discover GeoBlue
1095B tax forms
New law changes requirements
Previous
Next
Linking disclaimer
×
If you choose to access other websites from this website, you agree, as a condition of choosing any such
link or access, that Arkansas Blue Cross and Blue Shield (ABCBS) is not and shall not be responsible or liable to you or to
others in any way for your decision to link to such other websites. You further agree that ABCBS and its
affiliates, its directors, officers, employees and agents ("the ABCBS Parties") are not responsible for
the content of any other website to which you may link, nor are ABCBS or the ABCBS Parties liable or responsible
under any circumstances for the activities, omissions or conduct of any owner or operator of any other
website. Once you choose to link to another website, you understand and agree that you have exited this
website and are no longer accessing or using any ABCBS Data. You understand and agree that by making any
third-party website link available as an option to you, ABCBS does not in any way endorse any such website,
nor state or imply that you should access such website or any services, products or information which
may be offered to you through such other websites or by the owner or operator of such other websites.
The owners or operators of any other websites (not ABCBS) are solely responsible for the content and operation
of all such websites. ABCBS makes no warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, nor
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, nor of non-infringement, with regard to the content
or operation of any other website to which you may link from this website.
Choose confidently. Choose Blue.×
Shop 2021 plans
Or call us 888-754-0751
You may still be eligible to enroll for January 1.Disaster Declaration
FAQs