http://www.conjet.com/privacy-policy
0
Privacy policy.The new GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) legislation, comes into force 25 May 2018. The new legislation is securing the processing of your personal data. 1. Who is processing your personal data? 1.1. Conjet AB only. 2. Who can I contact if I have any questions regarding the processing of my personal data? 2.1. Should you have any questions regarding your privacy, please contact our main office at conjet@conjet.com. 3. What is the purpose of the processing of my personal data? 3.1. Conjet wants to stay in contact with our customers/potential customers. We do this by e.g. sending you newsletters and invitations. 4. What categories of personal data is Conjet processing about me? 4.1. Typically, we process e.g. your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. 5. With whom does the company share my data with? 5.1. Normally, Conjet does not share your personal data with anyone outside the company. However, sometimes we transfer your personal data to e.g. a business partner and service providers. 6. Is my personal data transferred outside of EU? 6.1. Conjet is a global company; hence personal data will from time to time be processed in our global business environment – also outside of EU in a secure appropriate manner. 7. For how long does DSV process my personal data? 7.1. We will process your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose mentioned in section 3 and in accordance with applicable law. Or until you make us aware you do not want us to process your personal data any longer. 8. Can I lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority about Conjet’s processing of my personal data? 8.1. Yes, you can do that at any time. Please contact your local data protection agency/supervisory authority. 9. What are my rights? 9.1. You have the right to (i) get your personal data rectified and/or erased if they are incorrect, (ii) be informed about the personal data Conjet is processing about you and (iii) object to the processing of your personal data.