https://www.l3harris.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read the following carefully, together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you so that you can understand our practices concerning your personal information. This Privacy Policy supplements other notices and is not intended to override them.
This Privacy Policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below.
Important Information and Who We Are
Information about you that we collect and process
International transfers
Information security
How long we will store your personal information
Your rights: Access to your information
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Contact us
1. Important Information and Who We Are
This Privacy Policy applies to L3Harris Technologies, Inc. and its related entities (collectively referred to as "L3Harris" "we", "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, storage and processing of personal information about our customers, suppliers, online users, and other third parties who engage with us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to those L3Harris entities that have provided their own privacy notices, nor does it apply to the websites, or any embedded content of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website, or contain their embedded content. We recommend you review the privacy notices of the other parties with which you interact.
2. Information about you that we collect and process
The personal information that we collect about you depends on the specific services or activities we undertake but typically consists of:
Contact information: name, address, email address, phone number, country of residence, language
Transaction information: customer portal username and password, details of how you use any product or service provided by L3Harris, marketing preferences, details of what your inquiry or engagement with L3Harris may concern, and
Employment information: job title, the company or organization you work for, details you may provide if you apply to work for us.
Our website also uses cookies and similar technologies to collect technical information, which may include personal information. For further details on the types of technical information we collect, our use of cookies and how you can change the way your browser manages cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
We use different methods to collect your personal information including when you:
fill in forms or use the functions and services on our website, including any interactive features such as an online forum on our website
enter into a contract with us (e.g., by means of our sales representatives, through service agreements, as a supplier, or a business partner, etc.)
access our premises
use our IT resources and communication systems (e.g., email, network, Wi-Fi, etc.)
register to use any of our online customer portals
correspond with us by phone, email, letters or otherwise
apply to work for us
purchase products from us, or send us products for repair
subscribe to any of our services, or communication channels
respond to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes, or
provide it to third parties who may disclose your information to us, such as our business partners.
We have set out in the table below a description of all the ways we use your personal information, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. Note that we may process your personal information for more than one legal basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your information.
Please Contact Us if you need details about the specific legal basis we are relying on to process your personal information where more than one basis has been set out in the table below.
Purposes for which we will use your information
Legal basis for the processing
For performance and administration of our customer contracts, warehouse, accounting, sales, service, purchase management and billing and collection purposes, including storage of such information in our systems for the same purposes.
Necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
For customer service, online ordering of products, customer relationship management, shipping purposes (such as communication to shippers and freight forwarders), including storage of such information in our systems for the same purposes.
Necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, and for our legitimate business interests, namely the correct management of the business relationship with our customers, as well as internal administrative purposes.
For customer relationship, business contact, or supplier relationship management, including storage of such information in our systems.
Necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, and for our legitimate business interests, namely the correct management of the business relationship with our customers and suppliers, as well as internal administrative purposes.
To process job applications where you apply to work for us, including where necessary to screen your personal information against denied parties' lists/systems for processing employment applications, or in the context of acting as a sales consultant, distributor or other representative of L3Harris.
Necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, and for our legitimate business interests, namely human resources purposes and the interest of preventing fraud, crimes and/or unlawful behaviors.
To screen your personal information against denied parties' lists/systems for controlling the access to our premises.
It will be necessary for our legitimate business interests, namely the interest of preventing fraud and/or illicit behaviors and/or unlawful accesses as well as protecting our assets and premises.
To screen your personal and shipping information against denied parties' lists/systems for carrying out import/export controls.
It will be necessary for our legitimate business interests, namely the interest of preventing fraud, crimes and/or unlawful behaviors.
To store your personal information in our active directory systems for server, user, domain, or access management.
It will be necessary for our legitimate business interests, namely for the purposes of ensuring network and information security.
To operate our website, including any of its interactive features such as online forums and customer portals, to ensure network and information security, to monitor the performance of our website and to improve your user experience.
It will be necessary for our legitimate business interests, namely for the purposes of operating our website.
Where we need to collect personal information by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that information when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. International transfers
We share your personal information within the L3Harris group. This includes transferring your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA), including to the United States. Many of our external third parties are also based outside the EEA so their processing of your personal information will involve a transfer of information outside the EEA. Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the EEA, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal information to countries deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by the European Commission.
Where we use certain service providers, or transfer personal information within the L3Harris group, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal information the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the United States, we may transfer information to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield framework which requires them to provide similar protection to personal information shared between Europe and the United States.
Should you need further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information outside of the EEA, please Contact Us.
4. Information security
All information we collect and process about you is stored on our secure servers located in our various business units or hosted in secure cloud-based environments. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
5. How long we will store your personal information
We will only retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal information for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
6. Your rights: Access to your information
You may have the right to request access to the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. If you wish to exercise this right where possible under applicable privacy or data protection laws, please Contact Us.
Your rights: Information for individuals located in the EEA
Where EEA data protection laws apply, you may have additional legal rights in relation to the information you give us, or which we collect about you, as follows:
A right to access the information we hold about you free of charge, together with various information about why and how we are using your information, to whom we may have disclosed that information, from where we originally obtained the information and for how long we will use your information.
A right to ask us to rectify any information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
A right to ask us to erase the information we hold about you (the ‘right to be forgotten’). Please note that this right can only be exercised in certain circumstances and, if you ask us to erase your information and we are unable to do so, we will explain why not.
A right to ask us to stop using your information where: (i) the information we hold about you is inaccurate; (ii) we are unlawfully using your information; (iii) we no longer need to use the information; or (iv) we do not have a legitimate reason to use the information. Please note that we may continue to store your information, or use your information for the purpose of legal proceedings or for protecting the rights of any other person.
A right to ask us to transmit the information we hold about you to another person or company in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Please note that this right can only be exercised in certain circumstances and, if you ask us to transmit your information and we are unable to do so, we will explain why not.
Where we use/store your information because it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, you may have the right to object to us using/storing your information. Where this right applies, we will stop using/storing your information unless we can demonstrate why we believe we have a legitimate business interest which overrides your interests, rights and freedoms.
Where we use/store your information because you have given us your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
A right to object to us using/storing your information for direct marketing purposes.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights where they apply, please Contact Us.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and to assess whether the legal right applies in the circumstances. This is also a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
You also have the right, at any time, to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority if you believe we are not complying with the laws and regulations relating to the use/storage of the information we collect about you.
Your California privacy rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits residents of the State of California to request from certain businesses with whom the California resident has an established business relationship a list of all third parties to which the business, during the immediately preceding calendar year, has disclosed certain personally identifiable information for direct marketing purposes. L3Harris does not share personal information about its consumers with any third parties for their own marketing purposes. We are required to respond to a customer request only once during any calendar year. To make such a request please Contact Us.
In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the California privacy rights requirements and only information sharing that is covered will be included in our response.
7. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by post or email. Please check our website frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
8. Contact us
Please Contact Us if you have any questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy. We will not respond to any messages which are unrelated to privacy issues.  Please send these via our Contact Us page.