http://www.hiallc.net/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Homepage
/
Terms & Conditions
Read our full Terms & Conditions belowTerms and Conditions PolicyLegal NoticeHawaii Island Architects maintains this site (the "Site") for your information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Hawaii Island Architects advance written permission.Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement regarding this subject matter between you and Hawaii Island Architects is superseded and of no force or effect.Terms and ConditionsEverything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site, without advance written permission from Hawaii Island Architects. Hawaii Island Architects neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Hawaii Island Architects.While Hawaii Island Architects uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Hawaii Island Architects makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Hawaii Island Architects assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used without restriction by Hawaii Island Architects or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Hawaii Island Architects is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication or material you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site, including those of Hawaii Island Architects are the registered and unregistered Trademarks of Hawaii Island Architects and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the advance written permission of Hawaii Island Architects or such other party which may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. The unauthorized use of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Hawaii Island Architects will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including criminal prosecution when and where appropriate.The Hawaii Island Architects products, materials and technologies depicted on this Site may be protected by and covered in one or more U.S. and/or foreign patents.Hawaii Island Architects has not reviewed all of the sites linked to this Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.Hawaii Island Architects may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions of the Legal Notice or Privacy Policy by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound. The information provided at this Site is not guaranteed as to its accuracy, veracity or otherwise, and may change with no prior notice to any user of the Site. Hawaii Island Architects hereby expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for its failure to provide any information to any user.If you have any questions about this Legal Notice or Privacy Policy, please contact Hawaii Island Architects:Copyright 2016 Hawaii Island Architects. All rights reserved.
Hawaii Island Architects, LLC.
Serving Hawaii since 1977
Latest News
Top 10 Reasons to Build a Custom Luxury Home in Hawaii
How to Build Your Own Custom Home in Hawaii
Contact Us
Big Island (808) 324-4141
Oahu (808) 531-4141
Maui (808) 244-5151
Kauai (808) 246-1515
© Copyright 2020 All Rights Reserved | Hawaii Island Architects, LLC. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions