http://www.4safedrivers.com/privacy.html
Privacy
Collection
of Information
4SafeDrivers.com Inc. Driving Record Search collects identifying information including name,
address, and
e-mail address when you register for our services. We use this information for billing and
customer support purposes. DMV Driving Record Search collects credit card information
solely to complete report transactions and does not store the credit card information you
send us. DMV Driving Record Search will not willfully disclose any credit card information
for any other purpose. If you do not provide all the required information, your purchase
transaction will not be completed and you will not receive a report. To make sure your
purchase is completed please fill in all the required information.
Use
of Information
Information
you provide to us in connection with ordering your report will not be shared with any
third parties except for audit and legal purposes. Information may be shared with external
auditors during routine audits of our systems and operations; and may be disclosed as a
result of legal proceedings, such as a subpoena or search warrant. Aggregated statistical
data may be used to develop enhancements to this product and other DMV Driving Record
Search consumer products. We may use data to make changes to our product, as deemed
necessary to continue to ensure your security and privacy online.
DMV
Driving Record Search will store the information you provide during your visit, except
your credit card information, for purchase verification and customer support. We will
store the information in order to facilitate the processing of a request for
investigation. If you provide your e-mail address, DMV Driving Record Search will store it
so that we can notify you when your investigation or customer support is completed. We
will not use your e-mail address for marketing purposes.Users can opt out of any future
communication, email or otherwise by Submiting
a ticket here.
.