http://www.heuschenschrouff.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Home About UsAbout H&S Our sales teams Frits Schrouff Foundation Jobs
Brands & ProductsAsian Arab/Turkish African Caribbean Bean Sprouts Retail Foodservice Industry
Order online Contact EnglishNederlands Deutsch
At Heuschen & Schrouff Oriental Foods Trading BV (hereinafter referred to as H&S), a European leader in the commercialization of Asian food products, we protect the privacy of our customers and visitors.
By accessing our website, you may send us information about yourself or your company, such as your name and address, that we may need to correspond with you, process an order, or use in a survey.
If you choose to provide us with this information, be assured that H&S will not intentionally distribute or sell that information to anyone outside the H&S organization without your permission to do so.
H&S will act as a controller of this information.
You have the right to access your personal data, if any, and the right to obtain rectification of your possibly inaccurate personal data.
You also have the right to object, on request and free of charges, against the intended processing of your personal data for marketing purposes, if any.
Except in case of objection by you, your personal data may be disclosed to any third party.
You understand that information transmitted over public networks may be accessed by third parties, and H&S will not be liable for any such unauthorized disclosure.
Further, you understand that H&S may, at its discretion, use suppliers of web-related services to administer web servers and to store information on back-up disks, and that such supplier may, without H&S ‘s knowledge, permit an unauthorized third party to do so on its behalf.
Go to Top
This website works so well because we use cookies. With further use you automatically agree to this. Cookie policy I agreeDe cookie-instellingen op deze website zijn ingesteld op 'toestaan cookies "om u de beste surfervaring mogelijk. Als u doorgaat met deze website te gebruiken zonder het wijzigen van uw cookie-instellingen of u klikt op "Accepteren" hieronder dan bent u akkoord met deze instellingen.Sluiten