https://www.apmortgage.com/privacy-policy
Get A Quote
Follow Us
Menu
X
Get A Home Loan
Find A Branch
Resources
Reviews
Join Our Team
APM Cares
Payments and Questions
About
X
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Instagram
Get a Home Loan
Find a Branch
Join Our Team
My Account
Contact Us
Buying a Home
Buying your first home
Moving & buying a home
financing a second home
buying an investment home
the loan process
Home Buyer Blog
Refinance
Lower Your Payment
Consolidate Your Debt
Get Cash From Your Home
Keep Your Payments From Rising
The Refinance Loan Process
Loan Options
Home Loans
APM Specialty Products
Mortgage Rates
Calculators
Learning Center
Find an Advisor
About
Our History & Vision
Our Leadership Team
Home Buyer Blog
Community Involvement
Our Core Values
contact us
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Rev. December, 2019
FACTS
WHAT DOES AMERICAN PACIFIC MORTGAGE CORPORATION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.  This information can include:
-  Social Security number and Income
-  Credit History and Credit Scores
- Mortgage rates and payments and Employment information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business.  In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons American Pacific Mortgage Corporation chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Do we share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For non-affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
To limit our sharing
Call (888) 207-6737
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 31 days from the date we sent you this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we can continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call (855) 551-3478 or 916-960-1325 or
www.apmortgage.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
American Pacific Mortgage Corporation
What we do
How does American Pacific Mortgage Corporation protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We restrict access to your information to those who have a legitimate business purpose, and we train employees on data security and confidentiality.
How does American Pacific Mortgage Corporation collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
- Apply for a loan- Give us your income information or give us your contact information- Provide employment information and/or employment history- Show your government issued-ID and/or driver’s license
We also collect your personal information from other companies, such as credit bureaus, during the loan application process.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
- Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness- Affiliates from using your information to market to you- Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
- American Pacific Mortgage Corporation has no affiliates
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
- Non-affiliates we share with can include insurance companies
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
- American Pacific Mortgage Corporation does not jointly market
Other important information
California residents: In accordance with California law, we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of our corporation, except as permitted by law, including, for example, with your consent or to service your loan. We will limit sharing among our corporation to the extent required by California law*. For the complete California Consumer Privacy Act Notice, please click here.
North Dakota residents: In accordance with NDCC section 6-08.1-04, we will not share personal information with non-affiliates either for them to market you or for joint marketing, without your authorization*.
Vermont residents: Vermont is an “opt-in” state and in accordance with state law, we will not share non-public personal financial information, credit reports and/or creditworthiness information about you with other companies unless permitted by law, or to service your loan, or unless you specifically consent to sharing*.
*Accounts with a California, North Dakota or Vermont mailing address are automatically treated as if they have limited the sharing of information as described on page 1, unless you specifically opt-in to information sharing.
Nevada residents: Nevada Statute Section 228.600(3) allows marketing calls to our existing customers listed on the National Do Not Call Registry. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from us, you may be placed on our Internal Do Not Call list by calling (916) 960-1325 or writing to American Pacific Mortgage Corporation, 3000 Lava Ridge Ct #200, Roseville, CA 95661, ATTN: Privacy Opt Out.  You may also contact the Nevada Attorney General's office:Bureau of Consumer Protection Office of the Nevada Attorney General555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900Las Vegas, NV 89101Phone: 702-486-3132 or email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us
Information We Collect
The Site does not collect personally identifiable information about you unless you expressly provide such information, such as your name, physical address, and email address, to us on a voluntary basis, for example, when submitting a request for a call back or a complaint. We may also add the information you expressly provide to our databases or contact lists. We use such personally identifiable information to send you the information you request, to respond to your inquiries and comments, and, from time to time, to send you information regarding events and developments that we think may be of interest to you.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive information from us, please see “Contact Us” below. On rare occasions, we may send important administrative information regarding the Site or services to users using their email addresses; because such information may be important to your use of the Site, it may not be possible to “opt out” of receiving such emails.
Non-personally Identifiable Information
We also automatically collect non-personally identifiable information through cookies and log files when you access the Site. Such information includes, without limitation, the following: your internet service provider, the IP address of the computer you are using, the type of browser software and operating system that you use, the date and time you access the Site, your length of stay on the Site, the pages that you visit on the Site, the Web site address, if any, from which you linked directly to the Site, the Web site address, if any, to which you travel from the Site, and other similar traffic information. We may aggregate your information with similar data collected from other users to help us improve our Site and the services we provide through our Site. We do not use such data in any way to create or maintain a personal profile of you or to collect personally identifiable information from you.
Our Use of Information We Collect
Generally, we do not disclose personally identifiable information that we collect through your use of the Site to unaffiliated third parties without your consent. However, we reserve the right to provide such information to our employees, contractors, agents, and designees to the extent necessary to enable them to perform certain Site-related services on our behalf. We also reserve the right to disclose such information to any third party if we believe that we are required to do so for any of all of the following reasons: (i) by law; (ii) to comply with legal processes or governmental requests; (iii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of the Site or our network; or (iv) to protect the rights, property, or safety of APMC and its employees, users of the Site, or the public.
Third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices.
APMC reserves the right to transfer any and all information we collect from users, or that we otherwise collect in connection with the Site, including, without limitation, to unaffiliated third parties, in the event of a sale or transfer of assets or portion of our business.
Security
APMC employs industry standard security measures designed to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of personally identifiable information under our control. Unfortunately, no security system, or system of transmitting data over the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we employ industry standard security measures to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and our servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the site.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Site may contain links to Web sites owned by third parties. If you link to any such Web site, any information you disclose on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should consult the privacy policies of each Web site you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of others. Any Site link to a Web site owned by a third party does not constitute an endorsement, approval, association, sponsorship or affiliation with the linked site unless specifically stated.
Children Under 13
The Site is not directed to children under thirteen years of age, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from such children. If you are younger than thirteen, please do not provide any personally identifiable information while using the Site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update, revise or otherwise change this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting. Your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the currently posted Privacy Policy, and you should therefore review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of its terms.
Contact Us; Opt-Out
If you would like to update or otherwise change the personally identifiable information you have provided to us, or if you no longer wish to receive materials from us or want your personally identifiable information removed from our databases, please contact us at compliance@apmortgage.com. Alternatively, if and when you receive materials from us by email, you may make use of the “opt out” provision in such email to let us know that you no longer wish to receive such materials from us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our collection and use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at compliance@apmortgage.com.
resources
8 Loan Types
APM Programs
Find A Loan Advisor
Mortgage Checklist
Mortgage Calculator
See The Loan Process
Home Buyer Blog
Get a Quote