https://www.sandiegomedia.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAt San Diego Media, we are committed to protecting the online privacy of visitors to our websites. The purpose of this Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you when you visit San Diego Media sites, how we may use that information, and how we disclose it to third parties.
Personal information In general, you can visit San Diego Media on the Internet without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you. You may choose to give us personal information in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us information, such as your name and address or e-mail address, to correspond with you or to provide you with an opt in for a mail list subscription. If you submit a resume in connection with a job opening at San Diego Media that you wish to be considered for. We intend to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you; if you tell us that you do not want us to use this information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your requests, we will respect your wishes.
Fulfilling your transaction request If you request something from the San Diego Media site, for example, if you request an RFP, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information, with others, for instance, for a project proposal our technical, design and integration teams will have to discuss the aspects of your project, San Diego Media’s Business Partners that may be involved in your RFP, shipping companies regarding correct product offerings to fit your project.
San Diego Media Human Resources Recruitment DepartmentIn connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on a San Diego Media site or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae. We may use this information for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. Except when you tell us not to, we will keep the information for future consideration.
Cookies We like chocolate chip with walnut cookies but are open to enjoying other cookies too. For Google analytics purposes we track to see where our site traffic is coming from and we also measure visitor activity on the San Diego Media site.
We collect the information we mentioned through "cookies". A cookie is a piece of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. Links to non-San Diego Media sites San Diego Media sites may contain links to other Web sites. San Diego Media is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites.Privacy Questions and Access If you have a question about this statement, you can send an email to the San Diego Media Webmaster. The address for this is info@sandiegomedia.com.
We will endeavor to respond within the same day.
If you have questions or concerns regarding the site's privacy statement, you should first contact San Diego Media directly.This privacy statement was last updated on March 1, 2018.
×