https://www.siliconindia.com/privacy-policy/
siliconindia
Toggle navigation
Home
News
Viewpoint
Startups
VC Talk
VC List
Technology
Magazines
Conferences
Subscribe
About Us
Privacy Policy
This website collects personally identifying information and data about individuals, their company, and their company's demographics (personally identifying information and data) including (i) when you provide information to us, such as when you register or sign up for any of our products such as subscriptions, e-mails, newsletters, memberships, RSS Feeds, White Papers, conferences and other communications with the Publisher, (ii) when you register for any other siliconindia products individually, your information will be known to the publisher and (iii) from time to time we may add other information that we collect from third party sources to enhance the information that you provided to the Publisher.
The following constitutes the Privacy Policy adopted by siliconindia magazine with respect to its website and any ancillary websites or ancillary services operated by the magazine(collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as the Site).
Changes
The Privacy Policy may change from time to time without notice to you. You should read it each time you plan to submit personal information so that you understand how the information you are submitting will be used. Any changes made to the Privacy Policy will be effective prospectively, and not retroactively.
Third Parties
Although we will endeavour to require third-party content providers and other parties to adhere to our policies, we are not responsible for any actions or policies of any third parties or for the information practices of any third-party sites to which links may be provided in the Site.
Collection of Information
In various ways we collect information that is volunteered by visitors to our site. Certain identifying information, such as name, street address, city, state, zip code and email address,is gathered at certain interactive areas on the site, such as when you subscribe to our print or digital publication while online. Wherever possible and practical, we give users options about submitting information.
Mobile, Telephone numbers, Postal addresses, and other personally identifying information and data may be collected from our online users (and, as applicable, our print subscribers) and may be used to promote the Publishers products and services, and may be rented and/or licensed to select outside firms for promotional purposes. Offers for which the personally identifying information and data are rented and/or licensed for use and the users are required to target their offers carefully. With your express consent, your mobile telephone number may be used to promote other products and services of the Publisher, as well as the products and services of other related companies. Further, your mobile phone number may, with your express consent, be used to promote the products and services of carefully chosen third parties. At any time you may "opt-out" of receiving communications via your mobile phone from the Publisher and other third parties, by writing to the address provided in the Contact Us section or by clicking the unsubscribe link of any individual message you may receive.
Because many phone companies recycle phone numbers, it is possible for users who purchase a new phone to receive messages that the previous owner had subscribed to or otherwise consented to receive.
Subscriptions
You may subscribe to the print or digital version of siliconindia through the Site by following the relevant instructions on the Site. All subscription-related information is collected on the Site and stored by our fulfilment house.
Cookies and IP Addresses
In order to offer and provide personalized custom services, we use cookies to limit the number of times a particular advertisement is shown to a user as the user navigates through the site. A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file may contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited and to allow easy access to restricted areas of the website. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk, read cookie files created by other sites, or damage your files.
If you have set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You also may refuse cookies by disabling them on your browser.
IP addresses are also recorded in our log files. We may use IP addresses to analyze trends,administer the site, track users movement, gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, and similar purposes.
Use of the Information Collected
From time to time, we may be approached by third parties with an interest in identifying subscribers to our print or digital publication. We may provide them with our publications mailing list (but not e-mail addresses) if we believe the subscribers in question would be interested in hearing from them.
With respect to advertisements, an advertiser will inform us which type of audience it seeks to reach, and we may place advertisements in the Site that fit the advertisers criteria. Pop-up advertisements may be displayed to a targeted audience on the Site based on these criteria.The advertisers are not permitted to access your account or any of your personally identifiable information.
We also use tracking information to determine which areas of our site users like and do not like based on traffic to those areas.
We create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their interests. We do not track the usage patterns of individual users, so an advertiser will never know that a specific user clicked on a particular ad.
Information Sharing
When you visit the Site and are asked to provide information about yourself, you are sharing that information only with us, unless specifically stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy or as stated in any notice given to you at the time the information was requested. We will not disclose the information you submit, except as described herein, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires disclosure to protect our rights or property, or for administrative or other purposes we deem necessary to maintain or service our products and services. For example, we may allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide you with our services. If you do not want your data to be shared, you may choose not to permit the data to be collected or transferred by not submitting personally identifiable information on our site, or by not using a particular service.
Security Measures
The Site has technical and organizational security measures in place, including firewalls, to protect the information under our control from accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access. Such measures do not guarantee prevention of loss, misuse, or alteration of information, however, so while we strive to protect your information, we cannot warrant the security of information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Other Information About Your Privacy
You should be aware that whenever you voluntarily disclose any information online in any bulletin board or chat room, that information can be collected and used by others. In other words, if you post personal information online that may be accessed by the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties or they may use the information in various ways. It is important to be responsible and careful whenever you are online.
Updating, Correcting, Deleting or Restricting Personal Information
If you do not want your personally identifiable information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing, calling, or writing us. You can also contact us if you wish to review and/or correct your personally identifiable information.
Contact
You can contact us with regard to this Privacy Policy as follows:
siliconindia
No. 124, 2nd floor, South Block, Surya Chambers
Airport Main Road, Murugeshpalya, Bengaluru-560017.
Phone: + 91 - 80 - 46441100
ON THE DECK
Moveworks: A Very Human AI Platform
AutonomIQ: Hyper-Automation and AI meets IT and Application Lifecycle Management
PTC: Transforming Industrial Operations With Augmented Reality
App Orchid: The Subconscious Specialists
Nutanix: Simplifying Data Center Operations
Sierra Circuits: Quantifying Efficiency, One Board At A Time
Sanjray Infosystems: Leveraging the IoT-Cloud Convergence for Environmental Data Transmission
Retro
A Meditation on Winning Habits
Dr. Santanu Paul is the co-founder and Chief executive of the TalentSprint, a digital...
This is a once in a generation opportunity
Currently working as the Worldwide Director, Industrial Systems at Texas Instruments,...
It's Beginning to Add Up, Now
Bobby Mitra is currently serving as the Worldwide Director, Industrial Systems at Texas...
Gandhi For The New Millennium
Satyan Pitroda is popularly known as Sam Pitroda. He is an internationally respected...
India the hub for scientific research
Vinod Khosla is an Indian American business tycoon and venture capitalist. He...
The changing landscape of semiconductors
The Pune-born Vinod Dham grew up to be renowned as Father of the Pentium Chip....
Mid sized IT companies Recipe for success
Atul Nishar is the Founder & Chairman of Hexaware Technologies Limited, a company which...
Indian IT Industry Road Ahead
Som Mittal is an Indian business executive, who served as a Chairman and President of...
As I Please
Natwar Singh served the prestigious Indian Foreign Service for over three decades and...
Indian aspirers the next big number
Bobby Mitra is currently serving as the Worldwide Director, Industrial Systems at Texas...
More>>