http://www.insuranceland.org/privacy-policy/
CALL FOR A FAST AND FRIENDLY QUOTE
(877) 804-5788
Central Florida: (407) 641-5386   -   Volusia County: (386) 742-6183
Search for:
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Insurance Land collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://www.insuranceland.org/ website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Insurance Land.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.How we use collected informationInsurance Land may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:– To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.– To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.– To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.Third party websitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.Changes to this privacy policyInsurance Land has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Insurance Land https://www.insuranceland.org/ 2401 S. French Ave. Sanford, Florida 32771 (407) 330-3111This document was last updated on February 18, 2014Privacy policy created by Generate Privacy Policy
It's Your Choice2 easy ways to obtainyour FREE HomeownersInsurance Quote
Fill Out an Online Quote
Your Name (required)*:
Coverage Type:
Home InsuranceAuto InsuranceBoat InsuranceMotorcycle InsuranceCommercial InsuranceCharter / Private School
Coverage Type URLs:www.insuranceland.org/florida-homeowners-insurance/florida-home-owners-insurance-quote/www.insuranceland.org/florida-automobile-insurance/florida-auto-insurance-quote/www.insuranceland.org/florida-boat-insurance/florida-boat-insurance-quote/www.insuranceland.org/florida-motorcycle-insurance/florida-motorcycle-insurance-quote/www.insuranceland.org/florida-commercial-insurance-quote/www.insuranceland.org/florida-charter-private-school-insurance-quote/
Submit Form:
Contact Us Deland Office
120 N. Woodland Blvd.
Deland, Florida
32720
(386) 734-5111
Orlando Office
2401 S. French Ave.
Sanford, Florida
32771
(407) 330-3111
ACCESSIBILITY POLICY
Service AreasSanford
Lake Mary
Winter Springs
Oviedo
Winter Park
Maitland
Altamonte Springs
Longwood
Service AreasKissimmee-St. Cloud
Apopka
Winter Garden
Deland
DeBary
Deltona
Orange City
DeLeon Springs