https://www.newgate.uk.com/terms-and-policies/equal-opportunities-policy/
Home  /  Terms and Policies  /  Equal Opportunities PolicyEqual Opportunities PolicyNewgate (Newark) Ltd equal opportunities codes of practice.
30.1 Policy statement
The Company is committed to supporting, developing and promoting diversity and equality in all of its employment practices and activities and aims to establish an inclusive culture free from discrimination and based on the values of fairness, dignity and respect. The Company will support and develop staff through providing everyone with access to facilities, personal and career development opportunities and employment on an equal basis regardless of race, national or ethnic origin, disability, age, gender, sexual orientation, transgender identity or religion/belief.
This policy builds on the foundation of equality and anti-discrimination legislation and strives, not only to comply with legal requirements, but to use these to ensure that the Company endeavours to exemplify best practice.
The Company values diversity and recognises that an organisation is greatly enhanced by the different range of backgrounds, experiences, views, beliefs and cultures represented within its staff. The Company aims to embrace diversity in all of its activities and acknowledges that variety and differenceare intrinsic to the success and future development of its business.
The Company values, People, Pride and Professionalism which underpin the Diversity and Equality policy and are integral to the Company becoming an employer of choice.
The Company expects all employees, contractors and agency staff to act in accordance with this Policy.
30.2 Aim
The aim of this Policy is to build a fully inclusive organisation. This will be achieved by:
Making the best use of the range of talent and experience available within the workforce and
potential workforce ;
Building a culture that encourages dialogue;
The Company and employees fulfilling their legal obligations.
30.3 Principles
The principles of the diversity and equal opportunities policy are:
To develop and promote a culture of diversity and equality throughout the organisation;
To develop and promote a culture of fairness, integrity and dignity;
To support all staff, regardless of race, national or ethnic origin, age, disability, gender,
sexual orientation, gender reassignment, religion or belief;
To prevent all forms of unlawful discrimination;
To deal with all forms of discrimination consistently, promptly and effectively;
To ensure that the Diversity  and Equality policy influences and informs the culture of the Company.
30.4 Scope
The policy applies to all applicants for posts with the Company to all staff employed on a full time or part-time basis, on permanent or temporary contracts, to agency staff and contractors.
Our telephone contact details are shown below, alternatively email us at sales@newgate.uk.com or use our contact us page.
Related LinksTerms and Conditions of Sale
Terms and Conditions of Installation
General Statement of Intent
Health & Safety Signage
Gate Safety
Unsafe and Poorly Maintained Gates
Environmental Policy
Privacy Policy
Corruption and Bribery Policy
Equal Opportunities Policy
Contact Us
Please leave this field empty.
-- Enquiry Type --General EnquirySalesService
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Our ProductsSecurity BarriersSecurity GatesTurnstilesDrive UnitsRoad BlockersAccess Control SystemsAccessoriesCan't find what you're looking for?
Our team can design and build truly unique products, tailored to your exact specifications. If you have a specialist requirement, please contact the team at Newgate today.
Contact the TeamMenuHomepage
Contact Us
Barriers
Barriers Overview
Rising Arm Barriers
Automatic Rising Arm Barriers
Manual Rising Arm Barriers
Rising Arm Bridge Barriers
Height Restriction Barriers
Manual Swing Arm Barriers
Smart Parking Barrier
Gates
Gates Overview
Swing Gates
Automatic Swing Gates
Manual Swing Gates
Bi-folding Swing Gates
Sliding Security Gates
Manual Sliding Gates
Automatic Sliding Gates
Pedestrian Gates
Manual Pedestrian Gates
Semi Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Fully Automatic Pedestrian Gates
Road Blockers
Turnstiles
Turnstiles Overview
Single Rotor Turnstiles
Twin Rotor Turnstiles
Tripod Turnstiles
Drive Units
Drive Units Overview
Drive Units for Swing Gates
Drive Units for Sliding Gates
Access Control Systems
Accessories
About Us
Our Profile
Our Team
Job Vacancies
Accreditations
Credit Account Application
Insurance Details
Distributors Wanted
Guarantees & Warranties
Maintenance
Product Servicing
Product Repairs
Product Maintenance
Request an Engineer
Custom Security Solutions
Custom Barrier Design
Custom Gate Design
Specialist Market Sectors
Airports
Caravan and Holiday Parks
Car Parks
Council Parks
Industrial
Ports and Harbours
Retail
Schools and Education
Stadiums and Sports Grounds
Supermarkets
Theme Parks
Resources
FAQs
Gate Safety Guide
RAL Colour Chart
Maintenance Manuals
Gate Force Testing
Case Studies
News & Events
Blog
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you