https://www.speakwithimpact.com/terms/
Terms of use.
1. Acceptance of Terms
By accessing and using this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with the privacy policy included below, govern Speak With Impact’s relationship with you in regard to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.
2. Advice
The content of this website is for your general information and use only. It does not constitute advice and should not be relied on in decision-making. Speak With Impact shall not be held liable for any action taken (or not taken) in reliance on the contents of this website.
3. Changes
Speak With Impact reserves the right to change, add to or remove (temporarily or permanently) this website or any part of it at any time without notice, for operational, regulatory, legal or other reasons. You confirm that Speak With Impact shall not be liable to you for any such change or removal. Your continued use of this website following any change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any such change or removal.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
All copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in this website and its content (including, without limitation, the website design, material, text, graphics, logos, photographs, video, sound material and all software and source codes connected with the website) are owned by or licensed to Speak With Impact or otherwise used by Speak With Impact as permitted by law. All these intellectual property rights are reserved.
5. Permitted Use of Site
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own internal business use, subject to the restrictions below.
You must not:
Re-publish material from this website (including republication on another website).
Sell, rent or otherwise sub-license material from the website.
Show any material from the website in public.
Reproduce, modify, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose without Speak With Impact’s prior written consent.
Redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution (such as Speak With Impact email newsletters).
Introduce any computer viruses, macro viruses, Trojan horses, worms or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer.
Cause the website to be damaged, interrupted, less efficient or impair its functionality.
Remove any copyright notices, product identification or other proprietary notices from any materials you may have made or printed from this website for your own internal business use.
6. Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
The content and functionality on this website is provided with the understanding that Speak With Impact is not herein engaged in rendering professional advice and services to you. All content and functionality on this website is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Speak With Impact makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the ownership, accuracy, or adequacy of the website content. Neither Speak With Impact nor any third-party content providers shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages or for lost revenues or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages or losses and regardless of the theory of liability. Speak With Impact shall have no liability or responsibility for any information published on linked websites, contained in any user submissions that may be published on the site, or provided by third parties.
7. Indemnity
By using this website and/or information contained within it, you agree and undertake to indemnify and hold Speak With Impact and its agents harmless from and against all liabilities, legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against Speak With Impact arising out of any breach by you of these terms and conditions or arising out of your use of this website and/or information contained within it.
8. Links to Other Websites
This website may provide links to third party websites that are controlled, operated and maintained by others. These links are provided only for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify an endorsement, support or recommendation of the views expressed of such websites. You acknowledge and agree that Speak With Impact has no responsibility for the content or availability of any such sites. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this website, you do so entirely at your own risk.
9. Governing Law
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing the website.
10. Privacy
If you register your details with Speak With Impact, your contact email and name will be collected to send you information in the form of an email or digital newsletter. The information collected is always limited to, and as accurate as, the information that you provide. Your information will never be shared with or sold to any third party without explicit permission or unless ordered by a court of law.
Technology may be used to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to this website. The information collected in this way is anonymous, and used only to identify trends of usage. An individual’s usage or activities are never tracked. Cookies are not currently used, with the exception of cookies supplied by a third party required to allow analytics tracking.
11. Cookies in use
Analytical/performance cookies:
These allow us to estimate our audience size and usage pattern which in turn helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functional cookies:
These allow us to provide an appropriate user experience to users.
Cookie Name
Expiration
Purpose
ga
2 years
Analytics. Used to distinguish users.
_gid
24 hours
Analytics. Used to distinguish users.
_gat
1 minute
Analytics. Used to throttle request rate.
cookie_notice_accepted
1 month
Used to check if usage of cookies has been accepted.
If you have any questions about any of the above, or require your details to be removed from Speak With Impact’s records, please email info@speakwithimpact.com
Register for our E-bulletin
Privacy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OKPrivacy policy