http://www.serengeti-eyewear.com/en/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Bolle Brands Group ("Bollé Brands", "us" or "we", including [the holding, Bolle Brands France SAS, Bollé Brands (UK) Ltd and all affiliates and subsidiaries) is committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains how we process information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you as an individual ("Personal Data") collected through our website/app or otherwise in our commercial relationship. Please read this information carefully. By visiting www.serengeti-eyewear.com (“our Site”) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy, and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. For further information about shopping on our Site, please read our Terms and Conditions, FAQs and Delivery Information.
You can find out more about us here.
If you have any questions or want more details about how we use your Personal data, please contact us.
Bollé Brands France SAS is the data controller of the Personal Data collected on our Site, according to applicable laws and regulations on data privacy, in particular EU 2016/679 General Data Privacy Regulation and the UK’s Data Protection Act 2018, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time (hereafter together “GDPR”).
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Manager in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: BOLLE BRANDS FRANCE SAS
Email address: gdpr@bollebrands.com
Postal address: 34 rue de la soie 69100 Villeurbanne, France
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction: the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) in UK. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the supervisory authority, so please contact us in the first instance.
What Personal Data do we collect?
Contact data: Your contact information required for our commercial relationship and in particular for creating your online account, including shopping online, such as your name, email address, postal address, and telephone number, your username and password.
Communication data: Includes your preferences in receiving marketing and communications from us or any of our third parties.
Profile data: Includes your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Order data: Includes purchases or orders made by you, details about payments to and from you and other details of products you have purchased from us. We will not collect nor process your banking details. Payments are made via a secure online payment platform and will never pass through our Site in plain text. Order data also includes the information you may provide us with when you request additional information about a product or an order, or when you contact our after-sales support services.
Technical data: Details on the devices and technology you use. We collect this type of data to improve and provide a better user experience while browsing and using our Site.
Usage data: Including clicks, hover over, navigation and page scrolling on our Site. We collect this type of data, subject to your prior consent, in order to improve and provide a better user experience while browsing and using our Site.
Location data: Your location when you use our Site. This allows us to present products to you in the appropriate currency and prices.
We also collect and use aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data to better understand and improve our business and the products we offer. Aggregated Data may be derived from your Personal Data but is not considered Personal Data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated Data with your Personal Data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as Personal Data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Why do we collect and use your Personal Data?
We collect your Personal Data when you contact us, when we enter into a contractual relationship, when you create your account or browse on our Site, or when you subscribe to our newsletter or marketing activities.
The collection and processing of these data are necessary to liaise with you (eg. to provide order confirmation, replies to your queries, etc.) for the execution of the contract (for instance delivery of the product ordered) and to keep track of our relationship, to conduct marketing activities, as well as to comply with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations, to defend and assess a legal right, and for fraud prevention purposes.
We will always have a legal basis for using your Personal Data.  In some cases, the legal basis may be your consent, for example we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. On other occasions, we will rely on another legal basis, such as legitimate expectations You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
You will find below the details of the purposes and legal basis for our collection and processing of your Data:
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data Collected
Legal Basis for Processing
To create and manage your account
Contact dataProfile data
Identity Data
To fulfil a contract, we have with you
To process and fulfil orders
Order dataContact dataProfile data
To fulfil a contract, we have with you
For bookkeeping purposes and legal obligations
Order data
To comply with regulations and laws that apply to us
To respond to and resolve queries
Order dataContact dataCommunication data
To fulfil a contract we have with you
To administer, operate and improve our Site and ensure we deliver our customers with a greater user experience
(if you consent to it)
Technical dataUsage dataLocation dataContact data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud)
To develop new ways to meet our customers’ needs and to grow our business
(if you consent to it)
Technical dataUsage dataPreference data
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Identity data
Contact data
Profile data
Usage data
Communications data
Technical data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
For marketing purposes
(if you consent to it)
Location dataPreference dataProfile dataCommunication data
Identity data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To manage our relationship with you
Identity data
Preference dataContact dataOrder dataProfile data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To ensure you can exercise your rights as stated below
Contact data
Identity data
Necessary to comply with a Legal obligation
To prevent fraud and check the regularity of transactions
Contact data
Order data
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
How do we share your Personal Data?
We share your Personal Data with our service and third-party providers to the extent that this is necessary to provide our products and services to you, such as payment processing and authorization, text message services, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, order fulfilment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution. We may also share Personal Data with authorities, institutions, public entities, or other legitimate recipients as permitted by applicable laws and regulations, and for instance to protect and defend our rights.
A list of these subcontractors, with indication of where they are located, is available upon request at contact@bollebrands.com .
We require all third parties to respect the security of your Personal Data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your Personal Data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your Personal Data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. We request that the persons authorized to process your Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality and that they implement technical and organizational measures to ensure a good level of security.
Sharing your data outside of the EEA (EU countries only)
We do not store your Personal Data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
We may be required to share your Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). If we are required to share your Personal Data outside of the EEA, we will make sure that it is protected in the same way as it is within the EEA, and will ensure the appropriate safeguards to protect your privacy.
How long do we store your Personal Data?
The points below show how long we keep which information, and our reasons why. We will store your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we process your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
These are the criteria that we use to determine when we will delete your data:
We retain Order data for as long as you have an account on the Site, and to the extent required by law (such as tax/bookkeeping laws), which may vary from one EU country to the other. For France, you Order data is stored for 10 years.
We retain Personal Data such as Contact data, Profile data, Order data and Communication data, where needed, to the extent relevant for limitation periods for potential claims (typically five years after date of a purchase).
We retain Personal Data such as Contact data, Order data, Marketing data, and Preference data for as long as you have consented to receive marketing communication from us. If you have never ordered anything on our Site, your Personal Data is stored for a maximum of 3 years as from your last contact with us (by sending us an email or clicking on a link in an email we send for instance).
We do not retain Technical data, Usage data or Location data, but we may access it for no longer than a year after you last visited our Site.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your Personal Data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Protecting your information
The security of your Personal Data is a key concern to us. We are taking great care for the choice of our IP devices, software, our subcontractors and for improving our internal processes. We take and require that our subcontractors take, appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your data, prevent loss, destruction, unauthorized or unlawful access and use of your Personal Data. In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
While we have put in place appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Data, please note that no electronic transmission or storage information is 100% secure and that we cannot guarantee that loss, destruction, unauthorized or unlawful access and use of your data will never occur.
What are your rights regarding your Personal Data we process?
Subject to and as defined by applicable laws and regulations, you have the following rights on your Personal Data you provided us with:
The right to be informed of the data processing and its conditions.
The right of access: you can obtain confirmation as to whether or not we process personal data that concerns you, and if so, you can ask for a copy of your personal data and a copy of the data you have provided in a machine-readable format.
The right to rectification: You may ask to modify, update or correct your data in certain cases, especially if they are inaccurate. If you have an account, you can modify some of your personal data through your account.
The right to erasure: you may ask us to delete or erase all or part of your Personal Data subject to legal conditions.
The right to data portability: you have the right to receive the Personal Data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format and to transmit it to another data controller.
The right to object: you can request that we stop the processing of your data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests, freedom and rights. You always have the right to object to direct marketing.
The right to request restriction of processing of your Personal Data: you can ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data if (a) you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if this decision produces legal effects on you and similarly significantly affects you.
The right to withdraw your consent if the processing was made on this ground. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
The right to send us instructions about some of our data processing, regarding the way you want us to proceed with the storage, deletion and communication of your Personal Data after your death.
Guidance to these rights can be found at:
• For UK www.ico.org.uk
• For EU: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en
Please note that exercising such rights may be subject to requirements and conditions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations.
Should you have any question or wish to exercise your rights, please contact us.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing with the relevant supervisory authority.
Cookies
When you visit our Site for the first time, we inform you that we use cookies, with the help of an information banner shown at the top of the page. Cookies are small text files that are saved in the web browser or are saved on your computer system by the web browser. Cookies mainly help us to provide you a good service on our Site. If cookies are blocked (especially technical cookies), it may not be possible to use our Site without issues, or may not be possible at all.
The cookies issued by our Site are used for:
Enabling core site functionality, namely adapting the presentation of our Site to the display preferences of your terminal (responsive design according to your device, language used, display resolution, operating system used, etc.). When required, these cookies are used with the purpose of providing you with a greater user experience of our Site.
Obtaining statistics about the use and volumes of visits to our Site in order to improve the performance of our services, subject to your acceptance by continuing your browsing on our Site. We use Google Analytics. The information collected is aggregated and does not allow individual identification. To find out more about Google Analytics: Click here.
To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites: Click here.
Helping to remember the information you have transmitted to our Site to facilitate access to your account or to avoid you to identify yourself several times in one session. This is subject to your acceptance.
How to manage your preferences concerning your cookies?
You may choose to save refuse cookies on your terminal by configuring your browser. The configuration of each browser being different, please refer to the browser links below. They will provide you with guidance on how to configure your cookies settings.
For Chrome™ : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop
For Internet Explorer™ :  http://windows.microsoft.com/en-GB/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
For Firefox™ : https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
For Safari™ : https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
For Opera™ : https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/privacy/
For more information on how to control, authorise or block cookies please visit youronlinechoices.
Contact
If you have any questions please visit our contact us page. Postal address: 34 rue de la Soie 69100 Villeurbanne (France) If you have any comments or queries in connection with our Privacy Policy or wish you use any of your privacy rights, please contact us via email or mail address above.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on our Site and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 28th August 2020.
It is important that the Personal Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Personal Data changes during your relationship with us.
Free Shipping
Free & Easy Returnsfor 14 days
Serengeti Quality WarrantyAll our products are covered by a 2 years warranty
Do you have a question ?Contact our team for any questions
English (United States)
Deutsch (Österreich)
Deutsch (Deutschland)
English (Australia)
English (Canada)
English (United Kingdom)
English (New Zealand)
español (España)
français (Canada)
français (France)
italiano (Italia)
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
Shop By Category
Shop By Category
Men
Women
Sport Collection
Help
Help
Contact us
Find a retailer
My Account
My Orders
Returns
Shipping Conditions
Resources
Resources
How to choose your Lens?
Our Technologies
Prescription program
About Serengeti
About Serengeti
Our History
Bollé Brands
Careers
Compliance
Copyright © 2020 Serengeti. All rights Reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Legal Notices