https://www.ten4design.co.uk/legal/cookies
This website places cookies on your computer to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more details, see our cookie policy.
Close
Skip to main content
Cookies
Cookies
Further to a new EU law introduced in May 2012, we would like to advise you of the cookies which will be used whilst you browse our website.What are cookies?Cookies are small files of letters and numbers. These files are either stored in the memory of your computer or other devices such as mobile phones or tablet devices (these cookies are generally known as session cookies) or are placed on the hard drive of your device (generally known as persistent cookies).Cookies are created when you visit a website that uses cookies. Cookies are commonly used by websites to help the user’s browsing experience and provide more information about the user’s experience and interests. This information is generally used to make content, services and advertising more relevant and useful during future visits.For more details about cookies and details of how to delete and disable cookies you can visit www.aboutcookies.org and also see our section on more information and turning cookies off below.We’ve described the cookies below using the categories recommended by the International Chamber of Commerce in the ICC UK Cookie Guide. Some cookies can appear in more than one category.Category 1: strictly necessary cookiesThese cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for, like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.Category 2: performance cookiesThese cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.Category 3: functionality cookiesThese cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing region details within a cookie. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.Category 4: targeting cookies or advertising cookiesThese cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.Cookies that are strictly necessaryCraftSessionIdSession Identifier. Used to determine if a user is logged in (for commenting and for admin privileges) Used to store guest information so on next load of a guest reply form the guest user information that the user entered previously is already pre filled Used for request validation to help secure forms. Expires: end of sessionCookies for PerformanceWe use Google Analytics, which creates a number of first-party cookies:__utmaThis cookie helps us determine the number of unique visitors to our website.__utmbThis cookie helps us determine the referral method for people visiting our website. This helps us to analyse the traffic arriving at our website and to determine which are the most popular routes (e.g. direct, search engine search, email link).__utmcWe use this Google Analytics cookie to help us to record the length of individual sessions from our users on our website. Each time you move to a new page within our website within 30 minutes of arriving the cookie updates so that we know that you are still actively using our website within a single session.__utmzGoogle Analytics: Similar to _utmb, we use this Google Analytics cookie to help us record the length of individual sessions on our website.Full details of the cookies which Google Analytics uses can be found in Cookies & Google Analytics in documentation for Google's Analytics tracking code. You can also read Google's Privacy Policy for Google Analytics.We don't share the data that Google Analytics collects, and we don't believe that our use of Google Analytics intrudes on your privacy. We use the data that is collected in the following ways:
to report, in aggregate, how our visitors find and use our website;to understand overall visitor behaviour; andto inform how we update and improve our website.To opt out of our use of Google Analytics you may wish to consider using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.Cookies for targeting/advertising
We don't use any cookies for targeting/advertising.
Disabling cookiesMost internet browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse a cookie or ask your browser to show you where a cookie has been set up. Certain Services are only activated by the presence of a cookie and, if you choose to refuse cookies, particular features of the Website or Services may not be available to you.Find out how to disable/enable cookies by clicking on the "Manage Cookies" section of the Interactive Advertising Bureau website on the following link allaboutcookies.org