http://www.market-barometer.com/privacy_statement.htm
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement covers the site
Market-Barometer.com.  Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our
users privacy, we are disclosing our policy to you so that you will know that we
take your privacy seriously.
The following policy has been implemented and controls
have been set to assure that this policy is a living privacy policy.
In this statement, "you" or "your" means any person or entity using the site
("users"). Unless otherwise stated, "Market-Barometer.com", "we" or "our" or "us"
will refer collectively to Market-Barometer.com, the company.
1. Market-Barometer.com collects the following if you are required to register.
User Name/  Password/ 'How you found us' information/ Your e-mail address
(a)
2. Third party companies that are associated with Market-Barometer.com may
collect private information from you. These companies can and do collect user
information and their privacy statement should be reviewed on their site. Names
of these companies are disclosed in the TERMS OF USE agreement.
3. Market-Barometer.com, Google, Google Affiliate Network, and AddThis are the only organization authorized to collect
non personally identifiable
information, other than general website usage statistics which our server might
collect while on our site. No other company has authority to collect
your information while on our site. (b), (bb).
QuoteMedia can and will collect private identifiable information if you
select QuoteStream product registration.  You will be taken off our site
onto QuoteMedia site for this registration.  You should always view privacy
policies of sites you intend to give up identifiable information. (qq).
4. We use the information collected from you for our internal use only. We
use the information for internal marketing purposes and to send occasional
e-mail to you for specific limited marketing use.
If you feel that your rights have been violated with regards to this
privacy statement you may contact our site administrator with a complaint or any
concerns you may have.  Just click on this link and state your concerns.
Use site Feedback form.
Registration
In order to fully use this Web site, a user may be required to complete the
registration form. During registration a user is required to give information
(such as email address). We use this information to authenticate new users and
to contact the user about services on our site for which he/she has expressed
interest. Retail user and media are not required to register. (c)
Profile
Registration information collected is used to profile users for internal
purposes only. No information collected by us is sold or given away to other
company's or entities. (d)
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users computer tied to information
about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally
identifiable information while on our site. We can use
both session ID
cookies
and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close
the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text
file stored on the users hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent
cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site, for example,
advertisers. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once
we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
Third Party Advertising and Services
(ee)
We allow third party companies, including
QuoteMedia(qqq), Google, Google
Affiliate Network, and AddThis, to collect certain anonymous information when
you visit our site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable
information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide
advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect
this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you
can visit
www.networkadvertising.org.
(e), (ee).
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we may use log files. This may include
internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to
analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement in the aggregate, and
gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are
not linked to personally identifiable information. Any information gathered by
the log files are used for internal purposes only. See profile statement. (l).
Communications from the Site
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new members, if a registered member/user, a welcoming email to verify password and username.
Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services,
special deals.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related
announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for
maintenance we might send users an email.
Business Transitions
In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger, being
acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users personal
information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users
will be notified via email and prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days
prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not
responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our
users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of
each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users information. When
users submit sensitive (only registered users) information via the Web site, their information is
protected both online and off-line.
We do everything in our power to protect user-information. All of our users
information is restricted
to our offices, computer servers, and backups for disaster recovery purposes.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted
access to personally identifiable information. (f)
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this
privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our
users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in
accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Information
If user has any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy
and statement,
please contact the site administrator by using the
Feedback form.
(g)
Market
Barometer home Page
Markets Home Page
Investing Home Page
News Home Page
Updated on 6/19/11- Sections updated (bb), (ee),
(l), (qq).
Reviewed on 5/13/11-
Administrative review.  No change made.
Updated on 8/30/10- Sections updated denoted by
(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g).
Reviewed on 6/ 8/09-
Administrative review.  No change made.
Reviewed on 5/12/08- Administrative text changes
[verbiage], nothing of subsidence.
Reviewed and changed on 3/31/07- Administrative
text changes [verbiage], nothing of subsidence.
Reviewed on 3/27/07- Administrative review only, no change made.
Reviewed on 10/18/05- Administrative review only, no change made.
Reviewed on 3/7/05- Administrative review only, no change made.
Updated on 10/26/04- Administrative changes.
Updated on 2/17/03- Administrative changes.