http://www.guyson.co.uk/privacy
Breadcrumbs
Home
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Privacy Policy & Cookies PrivacyGuyson International Ltd treats all personal information lawfully and
correctly and operates in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018.Guyson Privacy Policy Document (PDF)We make all reasonable efforts to ensure personal information:is processed lawfullyis adequate, relevant and not excessiveis accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date;is not kept longer than is necessaryis processed correctlyis kept secureYour AgreementWe may collect personal contact information from you, for example, if
you sign up to our newsletter or use our enquiry form. You can later
request to have this information removed or modified from our database.
We use this information to reply to your enquiry and inform you of
related news and events and for no other purpose. We do not disclose,
distribute or resell this data to any persons outside of Guyson
International Ltd its immediate staff and partners.Data CollectionWe may collect personal contact information from you, for example, if you sign up to our newsletter or use our enquiry form. You can later request to have this information removed or modified from our database.
We use this information to reply to your enquiry and inform you of related news and events and for no other purpose. We do not disclose, distribute or resell this data to any persons outside of Guyson International Ltd its immediate staff and partners.
External websitesGuyson International Ltd cannot be held responsible for the content,
material and legal policies on external websites that we link to.CookiesWhat is a cookie?Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which
are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when
you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating
website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises
that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to
recognise a user's device.Persistent cookies - these cookies remain on a user's device for the
period of time specified in the cookie. They are activated each time
that the user visits the website that created that particular cookie.Session cookies - these cookies allow website operators to link the
actions of a user during a browser session. A browser session starts
when a user opens the browser window and finishes when they close the
browser window. Session cookies are created temporarily. Once you close
the browser, all session cookies are deleted.Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between
pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve
the user experience.You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the
site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your
computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor
behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by
the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is
transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate
visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on
website activity for Guyson International Ltd.We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the
statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally
Identifiable Information of visitors to our site. Google will not
associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we
nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity
of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this
site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source,
unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our
website.Cookies Set By Google Analytics: __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmzFor more information about Google Analytics, view their terms of service here: http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/tos.htmlCMS CookiesOur CMS (Content Management System) uses cookies to improve the user
experience of this website. No personal information is stored in these
cookies.Cookies Set By Our CMS: PHPSESSIDUsing web browser settings to manage cookiesThe Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to
prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser
notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies
altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser
add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or
visiting the website of its manufacturer.However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the
Website's essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on. For
example, if you block or otherwise reject cookies you will not be able
to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or use any of
our products and services that require you to Sign in. If you leave
cookies turned on, remember to sign off when you finish using a shared
computer.