https://www.mdaturbines.com/privacypolicy/
Language
English
Español
Search:
Contact
Careers
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: February 4, 2020
Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC is committed to protecting the privacy of the information you share with us when you access and use our websites, products, events, and other offerings (Services). This policy describes how we collect, use and share the personally identifiable information (PII) you provide to us when you register or contract with us to receive Services.
This policy may be supplemented by additional privacy terms or notices disclosed to you in connection with your registration for or receipt of Services.
Information Collection
We collect PII and/or anonymous information from you in the course of your use of the Services. That includes information you provide to us when you subscribe or register for any of our digital, in-person or printed products, services, events, or offerings; sign up for newsletters or promotions; purchase a product or service; post comments; and/or otherwise communicate with us or interact with the Services.
Once you have registered or otherwise interacted with us, we create a profile for you. We keep your profile up to date by adding information about your registrations or subscriptions, the events you attend, the content you access, how you interact with our offerings, and the like. Though Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC does not store credit card data.
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with us, information collected through one Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC may be combined with information obtained through other Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC Services.
We also may receive information about you from external sources that are not affiliated with Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC and add that to the information you have provided to us. For example, we may expand our communities by acquiring names and contact details from other sources that compile contact information. This information might be public information or data you provided to others with authorizations to share it with third parties.
Automatic Collection Technologies
Like most website operators, we use cookies (small data files stored on your computer by your web browser upon visiting a website) to operate our Services efficiently and as intended. Through these technologies we gather information about you, such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, mobile device identification number, and navigation history. We may also use these technologies to gather information about your interactions with our Services, such as the time and date when you viewed or used a page or item of web content or functionality, the time and date of open or click for email marketing, which advertisements you have clicked on and whether you filled out an online form. When you receive newsletters or promotional emails from Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC, we use customized links or similar technologies to determine whether the email has been opened and which links you click, in order to provide you more focused email communications or other information.
We use information gathered through these tools for our internal security audit log, for trend analysis and system administration, to gather broad information about our audiences and their geographic locations, and to otherwise improve the Services. By allowing us to understand how you use our Services, these tools can help us provide you with a better, more relevant online experience. In addition, we may work with third-party advertising companies to target and serve advertising you see on the Services or on third-party sites based on preferences gleaned from such technologies. For specific details on the types of cookies we use please see “Types of Cookies MD&A Uses” below.
We reserve the right to use new technologies, as they become available, to gather additional, relevant information from our users and improve our Services and your experience of them.
How We Use Your Information
We may use information about you:
To provide you with Services and information that you have requested from us or that we think may be of interest to you.
To send account notices or otherwise manage your account, respond to requests, inquiries, comments or concerns.
To offer you customized content and individualized personalization of the Services to make them more relevant to your professional interests and responsibilities.
To ask for your input to help in our research about our Services.
To contact you with information about, and provide invitations for, products, services, events and research opportunities directed at your professional interests and responsibilities.
Types of Cookies MD&A Uses
We describe the categories of cookies MD&A and its contractors use below.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for (such as navigating between pages) cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies
We make use of analytics cookies to analyze how our visitors use our Website and to monitor Website performance. This allows us to provide a high-quality experience by customizing our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise. For example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. We might also use these cookies to highlight articles or site services that we think will be of interest to you based on your usage of the website. The information collected by these cookies is not associated with your personal information by us or by our contractors. We permit Google Analytics to set performance cookies on the Website. Additionally, we permit Kuvana to set performance cookies if you have come to our website through an email sent to you by MD&A. These cookies can be identified as utm_visitor (email address is recorded), VisitorID (how we track multiple visits), and AssetTrackId (used to track the pages you visit on the MD&A site).
Website Functionality Cookies
We make use of cookies to provide you with certain functionality. For example, to record customer choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in), or to recognize the platform from which you access the site, and to provide enhanced and more personal features. These cookies are not used to track your browsing on other sites.
Local Shared Objects (“flash cookies”)
In addition to the above cookies, we may use Local Shared Objects, also referred to as “flash cookies,” on our Website. These are used to enhance your user experience, for example, by storing your user preferences and settings. Local Shared Objects are similar to browser cookies but can store data more complex than simple text. By themselves, they cannot do anything to or with the data on your computer. Like other cookies, they can only access personally identifiable information that you have provided on the website and cannot be accessed by other websites. To find out more about flash cookies or how to disable them, please visit http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.
Cookies policy does not cover third party websites
Please note that this cookies policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the cookie practices of third-party websites which may be linked to this Website.
Changes to the Cookies Policy
We may update this cookies policy and we would encourage you to review the policy from time to time to stay informed of how we are using cookies.
Consent
By using Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC Website (for example, purchase a product or service, enter a contest or promotion, communicate with us, or use interactive portions of our sites), you consent to our collection, use and sharing of your PII as described in this policy. In some cases we may also ask you to confirm your knowledge of the terms of this policy; however, we are not obligated to do so.
Your Choices
You may opt-out of our email marketing lists by following the directions at the bottom of our emails. Please note that Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC has a number of brands and products and we allow you to opt-out selectively. To remove a specific email address from all Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC marketing communications, you may send a request to info@MDAturbines.com  If you wish to remove your email address only from a specific brand, please use the opt-out mechanism provided in emails you receive from such brand or contact the brand directly.
Please note that opting-out of promotional mailings will not affect delivery of your subscription-based products.
If you do not agree to the use of these cookies, you may disable them by following the instructions for your browser as explained at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. You may set your browser to block all cookies, including Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC’s , while using our Services (in which case some aspects of the Services may not function properly), or you may set your browser to block third-party cookies and allow first-party cookies, which would allow us (but not third parties) to collect such information. Please refer to your browser’s documentation if you wish to block some or all cookies, web beacons, and/or similar tools.
Furthermore, some parties that set cookies via our site may offer the ability to opt-out of cookies via the Network Advertising Initiative’s consumer opt-out tool, the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out tool, or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice Page.
Disclosure of Your Information
Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC contracts with other companies to provide certain services on our behalf, including customer service, credit card and billing processing, shipping, subscription fulfillment, analytics, list cleansing, postal mailings, email deployment, and other information and business services. We only provide these companies with the relevant information required to perform their services and they are explicitly restricted from using any data received from us for their own marketing purposes.
Correcting and Updating Your Information
You may contact us to request access to other PII about you which is in our possession. If you request to deactivate your account or delete your PII, we will endeavor to fulfill your request but some PII may persist in backup copies for a certain period of time and may be retained as necessary for legitimate business purposes or to comply with our legal obligations.
Information Security
We use a variety of technical, physical, and administrative security measures to secure the confidentiality of your PII and to protect it from loss, misuse, alteration, and destruction. However, due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties or by government agencies. You remain responsible for protecting your user name and passwords and for the security of information in transit to us over the Internet.
Other Important Information
Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC reserves the right to access and disclose PII to comply with applicable laws, government requests, court orders and other legal requirements, or to investigate alleged or suspected fraud or violations of the terms and conditions governing our Services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
As new products and services are offered or as existing products and services are improved, we may need to update this policy. When we do so we will post the changes here. For material changes we may also email our registered users with the new details. We encourage you to review this policy from time to time to stay informed about how we are protecting the PII you provide. Your continued use of our Services covered by this policy constitutes your consent to the practices in place at the time of your use.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding this policy or our processing of your information, please contact info@MDAturbines.com or write/call us at:
Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis
19 British American Blvd.
Latham, NY 12110
Ph: (518) 399-3616
Fx: (518) 399-3929
Email: Info@MDAturbines.com
Mechanical Dynamics & Analysis LLC
|
19 British American Blvd., Latham, NY 12110
|
P (518) 399-3616
|
F (518) 399-3929
MD&A asks you to accept cookies for performance and advertising purposes.
To get more information about these cookies and the processing of your personal data, check our Privacy Policy. ACCEPT DENYPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.