https://www.mickeythompsontires.com/customer-service/privacy
Mickey Thompson Tires & Wheels (“Mickey Thompson “) has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make use of the many features of the Mickey Thompson Web site (“Web Site”). When you use the Web Site, you consent to the use of your personal information by Mickey Thompson in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy. This policy may change periodically, so please check back from time to time. For your information, the date of the last update to this Privacy Policy is stated at the top of this document. In addition to this Privacy Policy, your use of the Web Site is also subject to our Terms of Service.
THIS POLICY WILL EXPLAIN:
1. What Information Mickey Thompson Collects From You When You Visit Our Web Site And How Mickey Thompson Uses That Information
2. Who Else Is Collecting Your Information And In General With Whom They Can Share It
3. Opt Out
4. Monitoring, Enforcement, and Legal Requests
5. What Cookies Are And How Mickey Thompson Uses Them
6. What Kind Of Security Is In Place To Protect Your Personal Information
7. How You Can Correct Any Inaccuracies In Your Information
8. Links To Other Web Sites
9. How To Contact Mickey Thompson
1. WHAT INFORMATION Mickey Thompson COLLECTS FROM YOU WHEN YOU VISIT OUR SITE AND HOW Mickey Thompson USES THAT INFORMATION
Mickey Thompson does not collect any personally identifiable information from you (e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) unless you voluntarily choose to disclose such information. One of the basic principles of Mickey Thompson is that we ask only for the information we need to provide the service you have requested. We may specifically ask for information about you when you contact us with a question, or participate in a sweepstakes. We will need certain information such as name, address, or e-mail address in order to provide you with the appropriate service. We may also use this information to let you know of additional products and services about which you may be interested or provide you with an opportunity to be listed in a directory of one of our services. You will be given a choice to “opt out” of being contacted in this way. (See Section 3 below). Mickey Thompson’s collection of information is explained below:
Personal Information:
Contact and Questions: The Web Site allows you to submit questions, comments, or concerns to us. Mickey Thompson will ask for your name, street address, phone number, e-mail address, fax number, company name, and your question. This will aid Mickey Thompson in responding appropriately to these inquiries. We will use the information to respond to your inquiry and may share it internally to improve our service to you. In addition, we may use the information for various business purposes, including, but not limited to, sharing consumer testimonials about our products with our Mickey Thompson dealers and other retailers. However, your information will not be sold to third parties. In addition, when we do use your information, we will not disclose all of your personally identifiable information collected, but instead we will just use your comment or question, your geographic location, and perhaps your name.
Surveys, Sweepstakes, Contests, or Drawings: Mickey Thompson at times may offer you a chance to participate in a survey, sweepstakes, contest, or drawing. In order to do so, you may be required to disclose personally identifiable information (such as contact information, including your name and address, or demographic information, such as your age or income level). You also may be asked to give information about your purchase and use of Mickey Thompson products. This information may be used in the following ways:
to notify you that you have won the sweepstakes, contest, or drawing;
to conduct market research studies and reports;
to give to companies that co-sponsored the sweepstakes, contest, or drawing with Mickey Thompson; or
to send you information about Mickey Thompson® products.
The information received in this way may be shared with parties conducting research studies. However, you will be given a choice to “opt out” of being contacted in this way. (See Section 3 below).
Dealer Locator & Tire Selector: Mickey Thompson gives you the ability to locate a Mickey Thompson dealer near you or to determine which Mickey Thompson tire is appropriate for your car. Mickey Thompson will ask where you live or what car you would like the tires to fit. The information is used to find a dealer or select a tire best for your car. Some information may be saved for Mickey Thompson to keep track of various demographic information. For example, Mickey Thompson will save the location you enter for the dealer locator and the year, make, and model of a car you enter for the tire locator. This information cannot be matched to you. It will only be used as aggregate information to keep track of certain trends.
Product Purchases: On the Web Site, you will be given the opportunity to purchase Mickey Thompson wearable and gift products. You should contact Mickey Thompson at (330) 928-9092 if you have any questions on purchases made, product availability, product pricing, or other concerns about the products. (See Section 2 below).
Non-Personal Information:
Use of IP Addresses: An Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from the Web Site, our servers log the guests’ IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor’s session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. Mickey Thompson collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of this Web Site. We also use IP addresses to collect statistical information to send to our advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes.
Cookies: Mickey Thompson uses “cookies” to collect non-personal information, as more fully described in Section 5 below.
2. WHO ELSE IS COLLECTING YOUR INFORMATION AND WITH WHOM THEY CAN SHARE IT
Mickey Thompson is committed to keeping your personal information confidential. We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties.
Other Information Collectors: Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, such as outside links to other sites, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. Since Mickey Thompson does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
3. OPT OUT
When you participate in a survey, sweepstakes, contest, or drawing, we give you the option of receiving communications from us and our partners. You are given an opportunity to “opt out” of receiving such communications. To opt out in this way, you should check the appropriate boxes on each form.
4. MONITORING, ENFORCEMENT, AND LEGAL REQUESTS
Mickey Thompson has no obligation to monitor the Web Site or the use thereof or to retain the content of any user session. However, Mickey Thompson reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. Mickey Thompson may use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Service or to protect our service, site, customers, or others.
5. WHAT COOKIES ARE AND HOW Mickey Thompson USES THEM
What are cookies? Cookies are small text files or pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The cookie assigns you an ID, which allows Mickey Thompson to recognize you when you return to this Web Site. This makes Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are at a site. Cookies trace usage patterns through the Web Site. No personal information is collected. We never save passwords in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you will find them at most major web sites. By showing how and when guests use the Web Site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
How does Mickey Thompson use cookies? We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our users’ needs. For example, we use cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps us better understand and improve areas of the Web Site that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a “cookie,” visitors to the Web Site always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.
How can I disable cookies? Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some parts of the Web Site will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to take full advantage of Mickey Thompson’s services or you may have difficulty filling-out surveys.
Third Party Cookies: You may occasionally get cookies from other parties when you visit the Mickey Thompson Web Site. Mickey Thompson does not control these cookies. The use of cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry.
6. WHAT KIND OF SECURITY IS IN PLACE TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Mickey Thompson cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided by our on-line products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Mickey Thompson will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, once we receive your transmission, we do our best to ensure its security on our systems by making reasonable efforts to protect the information.
7. HOW YOU CAN CORRECT ANY INACCURACIES IN YOUR INFORMATION
If you have given Mickey Thompson information in the past and now wish to change or delete such information, please contact Mickey Thompson at: info@mickeythompsontires.com. Or you can contact us by telephone at (330) 928-9092.
Mickey Thompson will make reasonable efforts to make the changes you have requested, but it is not always possible to modify database information. In addition, if the information you have given Mickey Thompson has already been passed on to third parties, Mickey Thompson will not be able to make any changes to it. In some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our Terms of Service, the information you have requested be removed will be retained by Mickey Thompson in our files. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical constraints and the fact that we back up our systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.
8. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
During your visit to this Web Site, you may come across links that will take you to third party web sites. Mickey Thompson does not control the content of or the information collected from these third party web sites. These third party web sites are not subject to Mickey Thompson’s Privacy Policy. Links to third-party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Mickey Thompson of the content, policies, or practices of such sites. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these web sites before you disclose your personal information to these other parties.
9. HOW TO CONTACT Mickey Thompson
Privacy and security is important to us all. We pursue a full-disclosure approach to responsibly care for the information you have entrusted with us, and we depend on information sharing as our principal means to best serve you. This is why we are committed to building a trusting relationship with you. We will continually monitor customer feedback and seek to improve our services to meet your needs. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Web Site, or your dealings with the Web Site, or would like to provide comments, you can send us an e-mail at info@mickeythompsontires.com or contact us by telephone at (330) 928-9092 or by regular mail to: Mickey Thompson Tires & Wheels, 4651 Prosper Drive Stow, OH 44224-1038.
Remember that your use of this Web Site is always subject to our Terms of Service. Please also take a moment to read the Terms of Service so that you are aware of the terms and conditions of our relationship.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the Web Site helpful and convenient to use!
Find Tires
Find Wheels
Begin your search by selecting Tires or Wheels.
Wheel/Rim Diameter (inches)
15
16
17
18
20
22
Overall Tire Diameter (inches)
Results
Make
Chevy
Dodge
Ford
GMC
Jeep
Nissan
Ram
Toyota
Model
Suspension
Size
Results