https://www.ipost.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyJared LaRock2020-06-24T15:38:56-06:00
Privacy PolicyEffective Date 6/23/20
At iPost, we are strongly committed to protecting your privacy and are dedicated to maintaining best practices in data protection and privacy. We meet and exceed General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) standards that protects European Union citizen’s personal data and the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA) that extends protections to California residents. Additionally, we are compliant with both the EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
We periodically update our Privacy Policy and reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time to ensure we maintain best practices of privacy protection.  If you are a client of iPost then you will receive notice when this Privacy Policy is materially updated. Your use of this site or any iPost Platform constitutes consent to this Policy and to any changes in this Policy in effect on the above stated “Effective Date” of such use. If you have any questions or concerns with the Privacy Policy, please contact the iPost Privacy Team at privacy@ipost.com.
This Privacy Policy describes your rights to access your personal information as well as how iPost collects, uses and shares personal information of users of the website you are currently visiting, users of any iPost Platform, and recipients of communications from any iPost platform. If you are a California resident please read the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Disclosure and Notice to California Residents section of this policy.
Personal Information and How it is Collected and Used
Personal information is information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as name, phone number, and email address.  It may also include other information such as demographic information, IP address or cookies.
Personal information is collected through your interaction with our website or the iPost Platform.  iPost may also interact with your personal information on behalf of our Clients whom you have provided your information to.
A few examples of data we are collecting are: If you request a demo, you may be asked for your contact information; If you are a user of our Platform you will be asked to create an account with a username and password as well as other identifying information; If you apply for a job with iPost you may be asked to provide detailed personal information for the purposes of hiring.  Some information is collected automatically when you visit our website or use our Platform such as IP address and information about your site activity. If you receive a communication from the iPost platform we may track that you opened or clicked on a link in the communication and register the associated data such as date/time, browser, computer platform, email client, and IP address.
iPost may use your information in the following ways:
To provide product services and/or requested information on iPost’s services
To send marketing communications on behalf of iPost or our clients
To communicate with you about questions, concerns and inquires
For internal purposes to monitor performance of our platform and improve our products and services.
iPost as a Data Processor
iPost is a “Data Processor”, (as defined by GDPR – an entity processing personal information on behalf of a “Data Controller” – an entity determining how and why personal information is used) we may be provided with your personal information that has been collected by our clients (Controllers) who are other businesses or organizations, for the purposes of contacting you. Their collection of your information is governed by their privacy policies and may differ from ours.
Cookies
Our website also utilizes “cookies”, to remember your information and improve your experience on our site. A cookie is a small file stored on a web browser user’s hard drive containing information that is placed there by a website. iPost presently uses a third-party web analytics system which uses cookies on this website. These cookies are used only to identify the popularity of web pages and the path visitors take through our site. In addition, The iPost Platform has a feature that may install a tracking cookie on our client’s website that allows the tracking of our client’s contacts website activities to be captured for marketing purposes.
Clients of iPost may elect to use cookies on their own websites, some portions of which may be hosted on iPost servers. iPost is not responsible for the use of such cookies and may have no information about them. If you are concerned about the use of cookies in your web browser, you may adjust the settings of your web browser to selectively accept cookies or reject them entirely.
Log Files
We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our service, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Tracking pixels
Tracking pixels (also known as “web bugs”) are small, typically transparent images on a web page that have special names which permit the loading of the web page to be tracked by a web server. iPost does not use tracking pixels on our website. We do use tracking pixels in HTML email we send to detect when the email is opened. Some of our clients may use tracking pixels on forms that we host on our web servers, and some of those tracking pixels may be linked to tracking services hosted by third parties. Please see our clients’ and the third parties’ privacy policies for information about such tracking pixels.
Partners Services
iPost may partner with another party to provide specific services for a client. When the user signs up for these services, we may share names and other contact information that is necessary for the third-party to provide these services. Contractually, these parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. Any such partnership activity will also comply with this privacy statement.
Links
This website contains links to other websites including social media features, such as links to Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter pages. Please be aware that iPost is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and they may differ from ours. We encourage our users to be aware of when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects personally identifiable information. The iPost platform may track links that occur in communications such as email, SMS, and push notifications. This data is used on the iPost Platform to report on the activities and are used for segmentation of contacts.
Your Right to Access Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information that iPost has collected through the website and/or Platform by sending a request to privacy@ipost.com. You can also request that we delete, unsubscribe or make corrections to your personal information by sending an email to the above address. Please include first name, last name, and email address and/or mobile devise number. We will comply with your request as quickly as commercially possible but not longer than 30 days. We may need to retain some of your information to fulfill legal obligations.
iPost as a Data Processor sometimes has limited ability to access data our clients submit to our Platform. If you wish to limit or delete the use of your data, please provide the name of the iPost client who submitted your data to our service (e.g. the sender of an email) in addition to the above identifying information.  We will then contact that client and assist them in responding to the request.
Information Sharing
We do not sell, trade or give away your personal information to anyone. iPost will only share your personal information with third parties:
With your consent.
To fulfill a legal obligation when we believe, in good faith, that the disclosure is required or permitted under law. For example, to cooperate with regulators or law enforcement authorities or to resolve consumer disputes.
To protect our own rights including enforcing our own policies, contracts and terms of use.
Security
We protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. iPost follows industry standards in protecting your personal data and data entrusted to us by our clients. If there is a data breach of your personal information, we will notify you within 72 hours of first becoming aware of the breach.
Privacy Shield Information and Requirements
iPost complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from the EU and Switzerland and the United States. iPost has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Through participation in the Privacy Shield Framework with respect to personal data received or transferred iPost is agreeing to be subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
iPost is committed to resolving inquiries or complaints about our use or collection of your information. EU and Swiss individuals, with inquiries or complaints please contact the iPost Privacy Team at privacy@ipost.com. We will respond to your inquiry within 45 days.
If your complaint or inquiry is not addressed satisfactorily, please contact free of charge our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider at: https://thedma.org/resources/consumer-resources/privacyshield-consumers/
ANA -Privacy Shield Program
225 Reinekers Lane, Suite 325 | Alexandria, VA 22314
If neither iPost or the third-party dispute resolution program can resolve your complaint then you may pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel as described in Privacy Shield Agreement, Annex I.
EU and Swiss residents have rights to their personal data and to limit the use of this data. iPost is a Data Processor and as such iPost sometimes has limited ability to access data our clients submit to our services. If you wish to limit the use of your data, please provide the name of the iPost client who submitted your data to our service (e.g. the sender of an email). We will then contact that client and assist them in responding to the request. iPost acknowledges potential liability of onward transfer of personal data to third parties who may not met the high standards set forth in this privacy policy.  iPost is committed to complying with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland including the onward transfer liability provisions.
An annual self-assessment is conducted to review compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Disclosure and Notice to California Residents
The CCPA requires iPost to inform and create pathways for California residents to exercise their privacy rights under the law, and to fulfill those consumer privacy rights regarding their personal information. These rights are only applicable to California residents.
Your rights include:
Right to notice: the right to be informed about collection, disclosure, and sale of personal info, including: the personal info collected; the categories of personal info disclosed or sold; the categories of sources of personal info and categories of third parties to whom that info is sold or disclosed; the purpose of collecting or selling personal info; and a description of the consumer’s rights.
Right to access: the right to request the specific pieces of personal info that iPost has collected about you; the categories of personal info we collected; the sources used to collect the personal info; the business or commercial purposes for collecting that info; and the categories of third parties with whom we share their personal info.
Right to data portability: the right to obtain copies of your personal information in a readily usable format that’ll allow them to transmit the information from one entity to another.
Right to delete: the right to request that we delete the personal info that we have collected from you under certain circumstances.
Right to Equal Service and Price: the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights.
The following information is to inform California residents pursuant to CCPA Section 1798.110 about the types of personal information we may collect about you and the ways we may use this information.
Personal Information
Categories of Personal Information
Personal identifiers, including those listed in other California statutes: Real name; alias; telephone number; email address; postal address; account name; online identifier; device identifier; IP address
Characteristics of protected classifications: date of birth/age; gender; marital status; nationality; citizenship;
Biometric information:fingerprint; voice recordings; keystroke patterns and rhythms
Professional or Employment:title; salary; employment files; references
Education information:details of your education and qualifications
Geolocation data:any information used to identify your physical location
Communications, recordings, images:audio, electronic, visual
Inferences:Any derivation of information, data, assumptions, or conclusions drawn from any of the above categories used to create a profile reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain your personal information when you provide it to us (e.g., applying for employment, when you contact us via email, contact form from our website, via telephone or other contact means)
We receive your personal information from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., our clients, third party data append)
We may collect or obtain personal information when you visit our website or use our technology platform or use any features or resources available on our website or technology platform. When you visit our website, your device and browser may automatically disclose certain information (such as device type, operating system, browser type, browser settings, IP address, language settings, dates and times of connecting to a website and other technical communications information), some of which may constitute Personal Data
Business and Commercial Purposes for Use of Personal Information
Marketing/Prospecting: communicating with you via any means (including via email or text message) subject to ensuring that such communications are provided to you in compliance with applicable law; and maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate
Operation of our Website:operation and management of our website; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; and communicating and interacting with you via our website
IT operations:management of our communications systems; operation of IT security; and IT security audits
Security: electronic security (including login records and access details, where you access our electronic systems)
Investigations:detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy in accordance with applicable law
Legal compliance: compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law
Improving our products and services:identifying issues with existing products and services; planning improvements to existing products and services; and creating new products and services
Risk Management: audit, compliance, controls and other risk management
Fraud prevention: detecting, preventing and investigating fraud
Disclosure of Information
Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed
You and your empowered representatives
Network/System and company security
Accreditation bodies
Governmental, legal, regulatory, or other similar authorities and/or local government agencies, upon request or where required
Other third parties to comply with legal requirements such as the demands of applicable subpoenas and court orders; to verify or enforce our terms of use, our other rights, or other applicable policies; to address fraud, security or technical issues; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property or security of our customers or third parties
Any relevant third party acquirer(s), in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Sale of Personal Information
iPost does not offer an opt-out from the sale of personal information because iPost does not engage in the sale of personal information as contemplated by the CCPA. As noted elsewhere in this disclosure, we may share personal information with other businesses for a variety of reasons. While we often benefit from such exchanges, we do not share personal information for the sole purpose of receiving compensation for that information.
If you have any inquires or concerns, or to contact iPost with any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please email our Privacy Team at privacy@ipost.com, or call (415) 382 -4000
You may also contact us via mail at: 63 Bovet Rd. Ste.#405, San Mateo, CA 94402
iPost is a division of Clickmail Marketing Inc., a California corporation.  This privacy policy applies to this iPost website, and may not apply to other websites that are owned and/or operated by ClickMail, Inc. (including but not limited to, Clickmail.com)
We use cookies to make interactions with our website and services, easy and meaningful. By clicking accept you are giving us your consent to do this. To better understand how cookies are used or how to opt-out, visit our Privacy Policy.ACCEPT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
iPost - G2 Reviews
iPost Enterprise reviews sourced by G2
×
Thank you!
The new client setup form has been successfully submitted. Our team is reviewing and will reach out if we have any questions.
Account setup takes 3 – 5 business days. You will be notified once your account set up is complete and provided user access at that time.
×
iPost | Contact Us
Want to learn more about how iPost can help you succeed with connected digital marketing?
For more information about our products and services, please contact us.
Or call 1-415-382-4000
to speak to a representative directly.
Name*
Your Email*
Website
Comments
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Please leave this field empty.
*required fields
×
×
Request A Demo
Want to learn more about how iPost can help you succeed with connected digital marketing?
For more information about our products and services or a demo of the iPost iMM, please contact us.
Name*
Your Email*
Your Message
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Please leave this field empty.
*required fields
×
×
iPost Enterprise
iPost iMM
×
Email Address:*
Password:*
Login
Reset
Forgot your password?
×
Go to Top