http://www.thealexandergroup.com/privacy
TAG-Logo
Privacy
TAG-Logo
Artboard 1
Artboard 1
Sign up for our newsletter
We’ll send you updates, opinions and insights that impact, or entertain, every month.
arrow
Home
What we do
About
Expertise
Industries
Functions
Recent Searches
Consultants
Blog
Contact
Newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Instagram
Privacy
The Alexander Group’s Privacy Policy
The Alexander Group is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information.[1] We are a global executive search and consulting firm. We help organizations identify, evaluate, and recruit executive and board level talent. We also perform various types of consulting services for organizations that relate to their executive and board of directors’ functions. We collect, store, and use a variety of personal information in providing our services.[2]
This policy describes how we collect, store, and use personal information.
We collect personal information from a variety of online sources, for example: websites (sites) that we operate, software applications (apps) that we make available for use on computers and mobile devices, email, and our social media pages. We also collect personal information from face-to-face meetings, telephone conversations, faxes, and mail and other physical delivery services. This policy covers these and any other means by which we collect personal information.
Examples of the type of personal information that we collect are:
Client InformationIf you are a client or potential client, we collect personal information about your organization and people within your organization to establish and maintain our business relationship, and to perform our obligations to you under our engagements with you. That information will typically consist of names, job titles and positions, and contact details (for example, addresses, telephone numbers, and email addresses).
Candidate InformationIf you are a potential candidate for one of our search engagements, personal information we collect may include your name, contact information (address, e-mail address, telephone numbers); background (family history, nationality, gender, marital status); education; career history and experience; character; personality; executive capabilities; management style; compensation (if applicable law permits); languages that you speak; community and social activities; and notes, recordings and transcripts of personal and telephone interviews. We may obtain this information from you, through publicly available sources (government agencies, media and news sources, for example) and from third parties (including commercial providers of background information). As part of our commitment to equal opportunity, particularly in connection with our diversity practice, we may collect information about you which may be classified as diversity information, such as your ethnic and socioeconomic background, gender, disability, age, sexual orientation, and religion).
References and Other SourcesIf you provide us with reference, background, or other information for a candidate, we may collect and use your contact information, business information, and your relationship with the candidate. We may collect this information directly from you, from the candidate, or from publicly available sources. We will use this information to evaluate the candidate and inform our client.
If you provide us with information for a consulting engagement, we may collect information about you, and about any information or relationship that you may have with our client that we believe will be helpful to us in performing our engagement.
How We Use Personal Information
If you are a potential candidate, we will use your personal information to create a personal profile about you, which we will furnish to our client. We will also use your personal information to evaluate your qualifications for the position, and to discuss our evaluation of your qualifications with our client.
If we collect personal information about you for a consulting engagement, we will use this information in reports to our client and in discussions with our client that relate to our engagement.
We also use personal information for our business purposes, for example, in internal communication regarding candidates, engagements, and clients; in evaluating the quality and effectiveness of our services; in administering our services; and for analytical and statistical purposes. Any analytical or statistical information that we publish will refer only to numbers, amounts and aggregations, and will not identify anyone personally or include any results attributable to you.
We may use your personal information to ensure that we comply with applicable laws, for example, equal opportunity laws.
Who Has Access to Your Personal Information
All of our employees who are engaged in performing our executive search and consulting services, or who are responsible for maintain our records, have access to your personal information. In addition, we outsource our information technology administration and support to a third-party provider, who by having access to our hardware and software, has access to your personal information. We share your personal information with clients who have engaged us, and for whom your personal information is relevant to a particular engagement.
Other Information We Collect
We collect other information that does not reveal your identity, for example, information collected through cookies (small text files placed on a visitor’s computer hard drive), pixel tags, app usage data, and other technologies that do not reveal your identity. We may use this and other information that does not reveal your identity for any purpose. Most internet browsers permit you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer.
Certain sections or functions of our sites may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies.
We use cookies and other similar technologies to help us determine information like the type of content a visitor to our sites looks at or listens to, and the length of time a visitor spends at any area on our sites.
Choice and Access to Your Personal Information
Your providing us with your personal information is voluntary; although, if you are a potential candidate for a search, your unwillingness to provide us with personal information may preclude us from considering you as a candidate for that search.
You may contact us at info@tagsearch.com
if you would like to:
access your personal information.ask us questions about how we handle your personal information.withdraw your consent to our use of your personal information.object to our use of your personal information.request an electronic copy of your personal information for purposes of transmitting it to another organization (to the extent you have a right to data portability of this information under applicable law), orrequest us to review, correct, update, suppress or restrict the use of your personal informationLocation of Your Personal Information That We Collect
Depending on the engagement for which we are using your personal information and the location of our client for the engagement, your personal information may be collected, used, processed, disclosed, and transferred in the United States and to other countries where we have facilities, where we engage service providers, or where our client is located. By visiting our sites, becoming a client or candidate, or furnishing us personal information in connection with a search or consulting assignment, you understand and agree that your personal information may be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than your country.
Personal Property Storage, Protection and Retention
We store personal information in electronic form on our servers, which are located in Houston, Texas; in offsite backup and recovery locations maintained by third-party suppliers (the cloud) located in various countries, and in physical form in our offices in the United States. We believe that we have reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal property that is under our control. However, no security system, or system of transmitting information over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We retain your personal information for as long as we believe that we need it considering the purposes for which we collected it, and as applicable law may permit or require.
Updates
We review our privacy practices regularly, and we may change our practices and this policy when we believe it is appropriate to do so. You can determine when this policy was last revised by checking the “Revised Date” legend at the bottom of this policy. Any changes to this policy will become effective on the date we post them on our site.
Questions
We are responsible for the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information under this policy.
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to us by email to info@tagsearch.com, or by mail addressed to The Alexander Group, 3200 Kirby Drive, Suite 800, Houston, Texas 77098, Attention: Privacy Policy.
You may also lodge a complaint or report an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law with a data protection authority for your country or region, or where you believe an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law has occurred.
Your Rights
You have the right to access, correct, update, complete, and have us erase your personal information, and to request us to no longer contact you.
You also have the right to ask us to transfer your personal information to a third party, to object to the processing of your personal information, to ask us to restrict our processing of your personal information, and to withdraw your consent to our use of your personal information at any time. If you wish to exercise any of these rights you may contact us at info@tagsearch.com.
If you request us to remove your personal information from our database, we may retain a minimal amount of personal information about you to record your wish for your data to be removed, and to keep a record of the information disclosed to our clients. If we cannot delete (or anonymize, if applicable) your personal data (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until we can delete it.
If we have collected and processed your personal information because you gave us your consent to do so, you may withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect any processing performed prior to your withdrawal nor will it affect our processing your personal information based on grounds other than consent.
You have the right to bring a complaint to the data protection authority in your jurisdiction about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information on how to lodge a complaint, please contact your local data protection authority.
[1] “Personal information” is synonymous with “personal data” as used in the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, and with “consumer information” as used in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
“We,” “us,” and “our” refer to both The Alexander Group and its sister company, Alex & Red.
[2] Revised Date: May 24, 2019.
Sitemap
What we do
About
Expertise
Consultants
Blog
Contact
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Instagram
Sign up for our newsletter
We’ll send you updates, opinions and insights that impact, or entertain, every month.
arrow
For mid-management searches, please visit our sister firm.
Alex and Red
Houston
London
New York
Park City
San Diego
San Francisco
Copyright ©
The Alexander Group
Privacy
| Site by Alloy