https://www.visiontorealitycoaching.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.By using www.visiontorealitycoaching.com, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy.This privacy policy provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site at www.visiontorealitycoaching.com Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING®, is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy). We may revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued usage of the www.visiontorealitycoaching.com website (“Site”) will mean you accept those changes. By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age. CONTACT DETAILS  Our full details are: Full name of legal entity: Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING® Email address: info@visiontorealitycoaching.com It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at info@visiontorealitycoaching.com. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU, FOR WHAT PURPOSE AND ON WHAT GROUND WE PROCESS IT Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymized data. We may process the following categories of personal data about you: Communication Data that includes any communication that you send to us whether that be through the contact form on our website, through email, text, social media messaging, social media posting or any other communication that you send us. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for the establishment, pursuance or defense of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims. Customer Data that includes data relating to any purchases of goods and/or services such as your name, title, billing address, delivery address, email address, phone number, contact details, purchase details and your card details. We process this data to supply the goods and/or services you have purchased and to keep records of such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract. User Data that includes data about how you use our website and any online services together with any data that you post for publication on our website or through other online services. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you, to ensure the security of our website, to maintain back- ups of our website and/or databases and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business. Technical Data that includes data about your use of our website and online services such as your IP address, your login data, details about your browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views and navigation paths, details about the number of times you use our website, time zone settings and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking system. We process this data to analyze your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy. Marketing Data that includes data about your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. We process this data to enable you to partake in our promotions such as competitions, prize draws and free giveaways, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of this advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy. We may use Customer Data, User Data, Technical Data and Marketing Data to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you (including Facebook ads or other display advertisements) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you. Our lawful ground for this processing is legitimate interests which is to grow our business. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business). Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time. We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. For more information on this please email us at info@visiontorealitycoaching.com. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law. SENSITIVE DATA  We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. We require your explicit consent for processing sensitive data, so when you submit your details, we will send you a further communication asking for you to confirm your consent to this processing.   HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA  We may collect data about you by you providing the data directly to us (for example by filling in forms on our site or by sending us emails). We may automatically collect certain data from you as you use our website by using cookies and similar technologies. We may receive data from third parties such as analytics providers such as Google, advertising networks such as Facebook, such as search information providers such as Google, providers of technical, payment and delivery services, such as data brokers or aggregators. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS  Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business). Under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we may send you marketing communications from us if (i) you made a purchase or asked for information from us about our goods or services or (ii) you agreed to receive marketing communications and in each case you have not opted out of receiving such communications since. Under these regulations, if you are a limited company, we may send you marketing emails without your consent. However, you can still opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time. Before we share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes we will get your express consent. You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link on any marketing message sent to you or OR by emailing us at info@visiontorealitycoaching.com at any time. If you opt out of receiving marketing communications this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases, warranty registrations etc. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below: Other companies in our group who provide services to us.Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers.Government bodies that require us to report processing activities.Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We are subject to the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations that protect your personal data. Where we transfer your data to third parties outside of the EEA, we will ensure that certain safeguards are in place to ensure a similar degree of security for your personal data. As such: We may transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission have approved as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data; orIf we use US-based providers that are part of EU-US Privacy Shield, we may transfer data to them, as they have equivalent safeguards in place; orWhere we use certain service providers who are established outside of the EEA, we may use specific contracts or codes of conduct or certification mechanisms approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. EMAIL AND SPAM POLICY We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and we will not provide your personal information to any third-party individual, government agency or company at any time unless compelled to do so by law. We will use your email address solely to provide timely information about Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING® and its programs and services. Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING® will maintain the information you send via email in accordance with applicable international law. In compliance with the CAN_SPAM Act, GDPR, and CASL all email sent from our organization will clearly state who the email is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all email messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further email communication from us. All email and electronic communications should adhere to the following principles: You should have a prior relationship with the person receiving your email. (Someone giving you their business card is acceptable in this regard, as it implies permission to get in contact. The same is true if someone has sent you and email.)A valid “from” and “reply to” address must be included with each message.There should always be a quick way to unsubscribe from any mail list.Any request to cease mailing from an individual or organization should be quickly honored.Please note that spam laws and regulations above and beyond Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING’s® policies may apply to commercial electronic messages sent to individuals who have elected to list their contact information on the www.visiontorealitycoaching.com website. CHOICE/OPT-OUT OR CORRECTIONS/UPDATES Users of our website can opt out of receiving communications from us and our partners. If you no longer wish to receive any future communications or need to change or modify information previously provided, please email info@visiontorealitycoaching.com. You may also opt out of receiving email communications by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email. DATA SECURITY We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorization. We also allow access to your personal data only to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential. We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to. DATA RETENTION We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.When deciding what the correct time is to keep the data for we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the processing purposes, if these can be achieved by other means and legal requirements. For tax purposes the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Under data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent. You can see more about these rights at:https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at info@visiontorealitycoaching.com.You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you. If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you. THIRD-PARTY LINKS This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit. COOKIES You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCEBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. California’s privacy standards are very high and we strive to live up to those strict standards. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent except as noted above. At this time we do not respond to DNT (Do Not Track) signals. CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) COMPLIANCE We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act).  We do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. We recommend that anyone under 18 years of age participate and use our website, products or services only with parental permission and supervision.We do not intend to collect any personal information from children under the age of 18. If a parent or guardian of a child who has provided us with such personal information would like the information deleted from our records, he or she should contact us at the email address listed at the bottom of this policy statement. We will then delete the child's personal information from our files.If we become aware that personally identifiable information regarding a child under the age of 13 has been collected at the site, we will use such information for the sole purpose of contacting a parent or guardian of the child to obtain verifiable parental consent. If we cannot obtain consent after a reasonable time, or if when contacted a parent or guardian requests that we do not use or maintain such information, we will make reasonable efforts to delete it from our records. Upon request by a parent or guardian, we will provide a description of the specific types of personal information collected from a child who is under the age of 13. CHANGE IN TERMS OF POLICY Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING® reserves the right to alter its privacy policies. Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page. This site is controlled and operated by Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING® from its offices within the United States. Bryan Nadeau, doing business as VISION TO REALITY COACHING® makes no representations that materials, information, or content available on or through this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where such materials, information, or content are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other locations do so on their own volition and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. TERMS AND CONDITIONS Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website. CONTACT INFORMATION If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may click here to contact us. This Privacy Policy was last modified 10/23/2019.   Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerContactCookie Policy (US)Copyright © 2020 Vision to Reality Coaching® All Rights Reserved | Designed by KO
Scroll To Top