https://www.circuitcheck.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Circuit Check, Inc. is committed to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information of all visitors to this Web Site. Accountability
Responsibility for ensuring compliance with this privacy policy resides with the senior management of Circuit Check, Inc. Circuit Check, Inc. shall make known, upon request, the title of the person designated to oversee compliance with this privacy policy. Requests for such information can be made by mailing inquiries to the following address.
CIRCUIT CHECK, INC. – Privacy Officer
Corporate Headquarters
6550 Wedgwood Road
Maple Grove, MN 55311
Phone: 763-694-4100
Circuit Check, Inc. is responsible for personal information in its possession, including information that has been transferred to a third party for processing.
Purpose
The collection of personal information is for the purpose of developing, enhancing, marketing and/or providing products and services that meet our customer’s needs.
Consent
By using this website, the user is consenting to the collection and use of personal information for the purposes set out in this policy. When users indicate interest in receiving information on other Circuit Check, Inc. products, it means that they have agreed to let Circuit Check. Inc. use their personal information for future communications.
Limiting Collection
The collection of personal information is limited to what is reasonable under the circumstances and will be used only for the purposes for which it is collected.
Limiting use, disclosure, and retention
Circuit Check, Inc. does not sell or otherwise disclose personal information to any organization for any purpose. Personal information may be disclosed to service providers, in the case of business transfers and for the purpose of law enforcement and/or legal disclosures. Circuit Check, Inc. may make aggregate information about our users (e.g. overall statistics) available to third parties for advertising and other purposes. Information that personally identifies the user will be kept strictly confidential. Personal information that is no longer needed for the purposes set out by this policy shall be destroyed.
Accuracy
Circuit Check, Inc. will make reasonable effort to keep personal information accurate and up-to-date. The user may ask to review, revise, correct or update any of the information possessed by CIRCUIT CHECK, INC.
Security
Circuit Check, Inc. will maintain the security of personal information, and protect the integrity of such information from the risks of loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, modification or destruction with a commercially reasonable degree of care regardless of the format in which it is held.
Openness
The user may request to review information we retain on that user and information about the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
Access
Upon request, Circuit Check, Inc. shall give users a reasonable opportunity to review their personal information. This information shall be provided within a reasonable time and at no cost to the individual. The user can make a request for such access by contacting the following address in writing.
CIRCUIT CHECK, INC. – Privacy Officer
Corporate Headquarters
6550 Wedgwood Road
Maple Grove, MN 55311
Phone: 763-694-4100
Challenging Compliance
Circuit Check, Inc. maintains procedures for addressing and responding to inquires or complaints from its users about the company’s handling of personal information.
Other Web Sites
This Web Site may contain links to other web sites. By linking to these sites the user is contacting another Internet resource. Circuit Check, Inc. has no responsibility or liability for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information collected by these other Web Sites.
Policy Changes
Circuit Check, Inc. reserves the right to modify and update this policy or its related business practices at any time. Such changes to this policy will not be applied to information that was collected prior to the change. Notification of such changes will be placed on the website prior to the change.
Unsubscribe
To unsubscribe to communications sent from Circuit Check, Inc. go to the bottom of the email and click unsubscribe.  If an email is not available and you would like to be removed from any future communications, please email info@circuitcheck.com.
GDPR Policy
Ready to discuss your project?
Talk to an Experienced Test Engineer today! Connect