http://www.woodbridgegroup.com/About/privacy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn More
Got It!
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to utility navigation
Skip to footer
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Woodbridge Foam Corporation (“Woodbridge”) has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to preserving your privacy as it relates to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information on this website.Personal information is information that is personally identifiable to you. Personal information may include your name, email address and mailing address, as the case may be. Visitors to this website are not requested to reveal any personal information. However, on a voluntary basis, you may provide and disclose personal information to us in using certain features of our site.Registration Forms – Our website has registration forms requiring users to give us contact information. Contact information from these registration forms are used to send users information about our company, provided they have indicated they would like to receive such material. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings at any time by providing notice to Woodbridge.Information Sharing – Woodbridge will never disclose, sell or lease to any third party, either free of charge or for remuneration, any personal information that you provide on this site without your permission, unless we are required to do so by law.Website Tracking Privacy Principles – In some cases, we collect information about you that is not personal information. Examples of such information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using and the domain name of the website and/or Internet Service Provider through which you are linked to this site. Such visitor data may be used to improve the content of this website and to help us determine which features and services are most important to its visitors. This is done through the use of standard technology called cookies.Cookies – Our website uses minimal cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. The cookie information does NOT include personal data such as name, age, phone number, email address or mailing address. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies.Links – This site may contain links that take you to other websites. This privacy statement does not extend to the data collection practices of third parties and Woodbridge does not assume any responsibility for the privacy practices, policies or actions of third parties. You should read the individual privacy policies of such sites and make an informed decision as to whether or not you wish to use these sites based on their privacy practices.Inquiries – If you submit an email inquiry to this website, any personal information you might submit at the same time will only be used by Woodbridge employees or its affiliates who need to have access to it in order to respond to your inquiry.Contacting the Website – If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us below.Unauthorized Use of Information – Woodbridge utilizes various methods to ensure the protection of your personal information. While these methods are considered to be effective, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be lost, used unlawfully or modified in a fraudulent manner since no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely confidential. Consequently, we bear no liability for the use that may be made of the information by you or any third party.Woodbridge reserves the right to change this privacy statement as it sees fit and without prior notice. However, we will ensure that any change to this statement is in compliance with the laws in effect in Canada with regard to this subject matter and posted on this page.If you have any comments, questions or concerns regarding Woodbridge’s privacy statement or practices, please contact Woodbridge’s Compliance Officer via email at roland_deschamps@woodbridgegroup.com, or in writing at Woodbridge Foam Corporation, 4240 Sherwoodtowne Blvd., Mississauga, ON L4Z 2G6.
Home
Expand Sub Menu
About
Global Presence
Partnerships
Corporate Culture
Corporate Responsibility
Expand Sub Menu
Systems
Seating
Interior
Exterior
Expand Sub Menu
Solutions
Comfort
Lightweight
Craftsmanship
Clean
Utility
Structure
Acoustic
Expand Sub Menu
Services
Advanced Product Development
Automotive Seat Comfort Testing
Benchmarking
Prototyping
Predictive Comfort Analysis
Physical Property Testing
Expand Sub Menu
Innovation
Science
Technology
Breadth
Expand Sub Menu
Resources
Customer Resources
Supplier Resources
Newsroom
Contact
Search
CareersNews