https://www.cliftonfoodrange.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Request a Brochure
Visit Us
Clifton Videos
Cookie Policy
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a “device”) browser from a website’s computer and is stored on your device’s hard drive. Each website or third party service provider used by the website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website or third party service provider to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites or other third party service providers.
Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to provide the most relevant website experience. Users have the opportunity to set their devices to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the website features. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
How does Clifton Food Range® use Cookies?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse your profile when you visit and help us to provide you with a better user experience.
A list of the main cookies that Clifton Food Range® sets (and what each is used for) together with ways to minimise the number of cookies you receive:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More info
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Google Privacy Overview
Google Adwords
ppc
This is only set if you found our site through a sponsored ad on Google. It collects information in an anonymous form about what pages you visit and any information requests you make (such as completing our enquiry form or ordering a brochure). We use this information to help us improve our web pages and make our sponsored ads more relevant. The cookie is also used to place online adverts when you visit other websites that display advertising. Expires after 30 days.
Google Privacy Overview
How to Manage your Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit All About Cookies.
To control or delete cookies on your mobile phone, please refer to your handset manufacturer’s help manual.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit Google Analytics Opt-Out.
Further Information
Additional information regarding cookies and opting-out is available at Your Online Choices and All About Cookies.
Contacting Clifton Food Range® about this Cookie Policy
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy please contact:
Clifton Food Range®
Oldmixon Crescent
Weston-super-Mare
North Somerset
BS24 9BL
Telephone: +44 (0)1934 626691
Email: info@cliftonfoodrange.co.uk
Site designed by Onebite