http://www.waterheating.com/privacy
On-line Support
Representatives
Support
Download
Locate a Distributor
Become a Wholesaler
Home
Commercial
Products
Residential
Products
Quote Request
Warranty
About
Us
Representatives
Support
Download
Locate a
Distributor
Become a
Wholesaler
Legal & Privacy Policy
American Standard Water Heaters - Privacy Policy
American Standard Water Heaters respects individual privacy and values the confidence of its
customers, employees, vendors, consumers, business partners and others. American Standard Water
Heaters strives to collect, use and disclose Personal information in a manner consistent with the
laws of the countries in which it does business, and has a tradition of upholding the highest
ethical standards in its business practices. American Standard Water Heaters abides by the Safe
Harbor Principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce issued by the Department of Commerce
on July 21, 2000. This Safe Harbor Privacy Policy (the "Policy") sets forth the privacy principles
that American Standard Water Heaters follows with respect to transfers of Personal information
anywhere in the world, including the United States.
I. SAFE HARBOR
The United States Department of Commerce has agreed on a set of data protection principles to enable
US companies to satisfy the requirement under law that adequately protect Personal information
transferred from the Internet. The US Safe Harbor provides adequate data protection (OJ L 45,
15.2.2001, p.47). Consistent with its commitment to protect Personal privacy, American Standard
Water Heaters, hereby adheres to the Safe Harbor Principles.
American Standard Water Heater’s Legal Team is responsible for the company's compliance and
enforcement of this policy and data security issues. The Legal Team is available to any of its
valued employees, customers, vendors, business partners or others who may have questions concerning
this Policy or data security practices. Relevant contact information is provided herein.
II. CHANGES TO THIS SAFE HARBOR PRIVACY POLICY
The practices described in this Policy are current Personal data protection policies. American
Standard Water Heaters reserves the right to modify or amend this Policy at any time consistent with
the requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles. Appropriate public notice will be given concerning
such amendments.
III. SCOPE
This Policy applies to all Personal information received by American Standard Water Heaters in any
format from its’ Website. American Standard Water Heaters collects and processes Personal
information through its Internet websites, electronic mails, and mobile applications. American
Standard Water Heaters is the sole owner of information it collects. American Standard Water Heaters
will not sell or share this information with third parties in ways different than what is disclosed
in this Privacy Policy. American Standard Water Heaters will, and will cause its affiliates to,
establish and maintain business procedures that are consistent with this Policy.
American Standard Water Heaters does not request or gather information regarding political opinions,
religion, philosophy or sexual preference. Personal information collected by American Standard Water
Heaters from prospective customers, consumers, vendors, business partners and others may be
maintained at its corporate offices in Saint Joseph, Michigan or at other American Standard Water
Heaters facilities. American Standard Water Heaters collects Personal information for, among other
things, legitimate business reasons such as customer service; product, warranty and claims
administration; meeting governmental reporting and records requirements; maintenance of accurate
accounts payable and receivable records; internal marketing research; safety and performance
management; financial and sales data; and contact information. All Personal information collected by
American Standard Water Heaters will be used for legitimate business purposes consistent with this
Policy.
IV. DEFINITIONS
For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
- "Agent" means any third party that uses Personal information provided by American Standard Water
Heaters to perform tasks on behalf of or at the instruction of American Standard Water Heaters.
- " American Standard Water Heaters" means American Standard Water Heaters, its predecessors,
successors, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, divisions and business groups.
- "Personal information" means any information or set of information that identifies or could be
used by or on behalf of American Standard Water Heaters to identify an individual. Personal
information does not include information that is encoded, or publicly available information that has
not been combined with non-public Personal information.
- "Sensitive Personal information" means Personal information that reveals race, ethnic origin,
trade union membership, or that concerns health. In addition, American Standard Water Heaters will
treat as sensitive Personal information any information received from a third party where that third
party treats and identifies the information as sensitive.
V. PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
The privacy principles in this Policy are based on the seven Safe Harbor Principles.
(1) NOTICE: Where American Standard Water Heaters collects Personal information directly from
individuals, it will inform them about the purposes for which it collects and uses Personal
information about them, the types of non-agent third parties to which American Standard Water
Heaters discloses that information, and the choices and means, if any, American Standard Water
Heaters offers individuals for limiting the use and disclosure of their Personal information. Notice
will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when individuals are first asked to provide
Personal information to American Standard Water Heaters, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and
in any event before American Standard Water Heaters uses the information for a purpose other than
that for which it was originally collected. American Standard Water Heaters may disclose Personal
information if required to do so by law or to protect and defend the rights or property of American
Standard Water Heaters.
(2) CHOICE: American Standard Water Heaters will offer individuals the opportunity to choose
(opt-out) whether their Personal information is (a) to be disclosed to a non-agent third party, or
(b) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or
subsequently authorized by the individual.
For sensitive Personal information, American Standard Water Heaters will give individuals the
opportunity to affirmatively and explicitly (opt-in) consent to the disclosure of the information to
a non-agent third party or the use of the information for a purpose other than the purpose for which
it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
American Standard Water Heaters will provide individuals with reasonable mechanisms to exercise
their choices should requisite circumstances arise.
(3) DATA INTEGRITY: American Standard Water Heaters will use Personal information only in ways that
are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the
individual. American Standard Water Heaters will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal
information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete and current.
(4) TRANSFERS TO AGENTS: American Standard Water Heaters will obtain assurances from its Agents that
they will safeguard Personal information consistently with this Policy. Examples of appropriate
assurances that may be provided by Agents include: a contract obligating the Agent to provide at
least the same level of protection as is required by the relevant Safe Harbor Principles, Safe
Harbor certification by the Agent. Where American Standard Water Heaters has knowledge that an Agent
is using or disclosing Personal information in a manner contrary to this Policy, American Standard
Water Heaters will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure. American Standard
Water Heaters holds it Agents accountable for maintaining the trust our employees and customers
place in the company.
(5) ACCESS AND CORRECTION: Upon request, American Standard Water Heaters will grant individuals
reasonable access to Personal information that it holds about them. In addition, American Standard
Water Heaters will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend or delete
information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete.
(6) SECURITY: American Standard Water Heaters will take reasonable precautions to protect Personal
information in its possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and
destruction. American Standard Water Heaters protects data in many ways. Physical security is
designed to prevent unauthorized access to database equipment and hard copies of sensitive Personal
information. Electronic security measures continuously monitor access to our servers and provide
protection from hacking or other unauthorized access from remote locations. This protection includes
the use of firewalls, restricted access and encryption technology. American Standard Water Heaters
limits access to Personal information and data to those persons in American Standard Water Heater’s
organization, or as agents of American Standard Water Heaters, that have a specific business purpose
for maintaining and processing such Personal information and data. Individuals who have been granted
access to Personal information are aware of their responsibilities to protect the security,
confidentiality and integrity of that information and have been provided training and instruction on
how to do so.
(7) ENFORCEMENT: American Standard Water Heaters will conduct compliance audits of its relevant
privacy practices to verify adherence to this Policy and the US Department of Commerce Safe Harbor
Principles. Any employee that American Standard Water Heaters determines is in violation of this
Policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
VI. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of Personal information should be directed
to the American Standard Water Heater’s General Counsel at the address given below. American
Standard Water Heaters will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use
and disclosure of Personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this Policy.
For complaints that cannot be resolved between American Standard Water Heaters and the complainant,
American Standard Water Heaters has agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures
established by and pursuant to the Safe Harbor Principles.
VII. INTERNET PRIVACY
American Standard Water Heaters sees the Internet, intranets and the use of other technologies as
valuable tools for communicating and interacting with consumers, employees, vendors, business
partners and others. American Standard Water Heaters recognizes the importance of maintaining the
privacy of Personal information collected through websites that it operates. American Standard Water
Heater’s sole purpose for operating its websites is to provide information concerning products and
services to the public. In general, visitors can reach American Standard Water Heaters on the Web
without revealing any Personal information. Visitors on the Web may elect to voluntarily provide
Personal information via American Standard Water Heaters websites but are not required to do so.
American Standard Water Heaters collects information from visitors to the websites who voluntarily
provide Personal information by filling out and submitting online questionnaires concerning feedback
on the website, requesting information on products or services, or seeking employment. The Personal
information voluntarily provided by website users is contact information limited to the user's name,
home and/or business address, phone numbers and email address. American Standard Water Heaters
collects this information so it may answer questions and forward requested information. American
Standard Water Heaters does not sell or share this information with non-agent third parties.
American Standard Water Heaters may also collect anonymous information concerning website users
through the use of "cookies" in order to provide better customer service. "Cookies" are small files
that websites place on users' computers to identify the user and enhance the website experience.
None of this information is reviewed at an individual level. Visitors may set their browsers to
provide notice before they receive a cookie, giving the opportunity to decide whether to accept the
cookie. Visitors can also set their browsers to turn off cookies. If visitors do so, however, some
areas of American Standard Water Heaters websites may or may not function properly.
Few, if any, of American Standard Water Heater’s websites are directed toward children.
Nevertheless, American Standard Water Heaters is committed to complying with applicable laws and
requirements, such as the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA").
American Standard Water Heaters website users have the option to request that American Standard
Water Heaters not use information previously provided, correct information previously provided, or
remove information previously provided to American Standard American Standard Water Heaters. Those
that would like to correct or suppress information they have provided to American Standard Water
Heaters should forward such inquiries to:
American Standard Water Heaters, Privacy Inquiries
561 New York Drive,
Pomona, California 91768
Attention: General Counsel
The inquiries should include the individual's name, address, and other relevant contact information
(phone number, email address). American Standard Water Heaters will use all reasonable efforts to
honor such requests as quickly as possible.
American Standard Water Heaters websites may contain links to other "non-American Standard American
Standard Water Heaters" websites. American Standard Water Heaters assumes no responsibility for the
content or the privacy policies and practices on those websites. American Standard Water Heaters
encourages all users to read the privacy statements of those sites; their privacy practices may
differ from those of American Standard American Standard Water Heaters.
WARRANTY:
For American Standard Water Heaters Warranty, please click here.
VIII. MOBILE APPLICATION PRIVACY
American Standard Water Heaters Brands ("American Standard Water Heaters") may be utilizing mobile
communications technology as another valuable tool to communicate with consumers, employees,
vendors, business partners, and others. Our mobile applications may include the opportunity for
users to voluntarily provide personal information. We understand the sensitivity of this and because
of our respect and understanding; we have developed the Privacy Policy which discloses the privacy
practices of the Company and describes the information we collect about you during your use of the
American Standard Water Heaters Mobile Applications.
It is important to remember that by using the Application, you agree to the terms of this Privacy
Policy. We suggest that you refer to this Privacy Policy on a regular basis as it may change, at any
time in the Company's sole discretion, in order to allow us to take advantage of any technological
advances or for business purposes or legal reasons.
(1). INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
American Standard Water Heaters collects your information in different areas of the Applications.
The exact information collected varies depending on how the Applications are used by you. For
example, as a registered user, you consent to the tracking and storage of any data transmitted
through the Applications, including, without limitation, name, email address, zip code and other
location information, mobile number, search results, shopping lists or any other personal data, by
the Company in the Company's database and the Company's use of your personal data for its internal
and marketing purposes. Further, if you use the Application as an unregistered user, your mobile
number may be stored in text file data logs, but will not be linked in any way to your product or
service searches and will not be used by the Company to send text messages or for any other purpose.
Note that any personal information (whether in connection with a registered or unregistered user),
which was lawfully obtained by the Company from a third party having rights to distribute such
personal data (through your prior consent, or otherwise), prior to and/or independent of any data
submitted through the Application by you or a third party, may be used by the Company for any
reason, including, without limitation, the sending of text messages.
In the course of using the Application, American Standard Water Heaters may also automatically track
certain information about you. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether
this URL is on the Application or not), which URL you go to next (whether this URL is on the
Application or not), what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address. Many sites
automatically collect this information. We do not collect or use this information to create a
profile about you, except in certain limited cases for registered users. We may also decide to use
cookies on certain pages of the Application. Cookies can help us provide information which is
targeted to your interests. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on the Application. Most
cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session.
Mobile applications may also contain profile information, which are similar to cookies in their
ability to track user behavior.
Mobile device identification information: When you connect to the Service on your internet-enabled
mobile device, if your service provider uniquely identifies the device, American Standard Water
Heaters will receive this information. American Standard Water Heaters may use your unique mobile
device identification information to communicate product information and other information. Certain
American Standard Water Heaters services may require our collection from you of the phone number for
your device. We may associate that phone number to the mobile device identification information and
to other information we have collected from and about you; however we will not use that number for
telemarketing.
Mobile device physical location: Some mobile phone service providers are required to operate a
system that will pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service. Depending on the
provider, American Standard Water Heaters may automatically receive this information. In most cases
users will consent to being located either as part of the application installation or during the
location look-up process. In all cases these rules are determined by carrier and handset
implementation.