http://www.stoneitaliana.com.au/privacy-policy
Click Here For Showrooms & Contact Information
Product Information
Download Material Safety Sheet
Cart
Press enter to begin your search
About this Policy
For all of us at Stone Italiana, the protection of personal data is of paramount importance and we go to great lengths to ensure that we collect and use personal data lawfully and only for specific purposes.This Policy applies to any personal data which we process about job applicants and past employees, personnel of customers, suppliers, partners and other organisations who we work with as part of our business operations, visitors to our website and users of our products and services (each of which we refer to in this Policy as “data subject” or “you”).In this Policy we explain the things which we think are important for you to know about the personal data we collect from you such as who we are, how we use your data, how we protect your data and who we may share your data with. We also explain the rights you have in relation to your personal data which we hold. Finally, there’s a bit about cookies – what they are and how to get rid of them if you don’t want them. If you have any questions relating to how we handle your personal data, please write or email us at the contact address set out below.This Policy does not cover the links within our website linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of the other websites you visit.Stone Italiana is committed to keeping information provided by you confidential and we shall always be transparent with you about how we are using your details to comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
About us
We are a data controller in relation to your personal data because we decide what your personal data can be used for and how the personal data is processed. We collect your personal data in the legitimate interests of carrying out business with the organisation you work for or represent.In addition, in the context of providing Customers, such as fabricators or clients, with our Stone Italiana solutions, we are the data processor and they are the data controller.Where we process personal data on behalf of another company or organisation, we will be doing so as a data processor and our processing will be governed by a contract which we will have with the data controller who will have their own separate privacy notice which will apply.
About your personal data
The personal data we collect, the purpose(s) we use it for and the lawful basis we hold it will vary depending on the category of the person it relates to. To help explain this, we have set out these separate categories as follows:
Customer Personnel
What personal data we collectWe may collect your personal data when you correspond with us on behalf of the company or organisation that you work for.The personal data we collect will typically include your name, the name and address of the company you work for, your business telephone number, your mobile telephone number and your email address.
How we use your personal data
We will use your personal data only to correspond with you in the course of business conducted between us and the organisation you work for or represent. This may include notifying you about existing products and services which we provide to your organisation or informing you about new products and services which we think your organisation may be interested in.
The lawful basis for our collection and use of the personal data
Our processing of this personal data is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in carrying out business with the organisation which you work for or represent and to correspond with you.
Supplier Personnel
What personal data we collectWe may collect your personal data when you correspond with us on behalf of the company or organisation that you work for.The personal data we collect will typically include your name, the name and address of the company you work for, your business telephone number, your mobile telephone number and your email address.
How we use your personal data
We will use your personal data only to correspond with you in the course of business conducted between us and the organisation you work for or represent. This may include contacting you in connection with existing products and services which your organisation provides to us, for billing and payment and in response to your enquiries.
The lawful basis for our collection and use of the personal data
Our processing of this personal data is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in carrying out business with the organisation which you work for or represent and to correspond with you.
Personnel from prospective customers
What personal data we collectWe may collect your personal data in connection with marketing events, sales opportunities or in response to requests for information which you have made to us.The personal data we collect will typically include your name, the name and address of the company you work for, your business telephone number, your mobile telephone number and your email address.
How we use your personal data
We will use your personal data only to correspond with you in connection with our provision of products and/or services to the organisation you work for or represent.
The lawful basis for our collection and use of the personal data
Our processing of this personal data is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in offering products and/or services to the organisation which you work for or represent and to correspond with you.
Users of our products and/or services
What personal data we collectWe may collect your personal data in connection to your purchase or use of our products and/or services. You may also provide your personal data to us when you visit our website (for example by creating an account with us) and when you communicate with us.The personal data we collect will typically include your name, job title, email address and the information contained in any correspondence with you.
How we use your personal data
We will use your personal data only for the purpose of providing to you our products and/or services, to improve our products/services, to provide customer service and support to you and as part of our collection of customer feedback, where applicable for billing and payment purposes and in response to your enquiries.
The lawful basis for our collection and use of the personal data
Our processing of this personal data is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in providing our products and/or services to you. Our processing is also necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject, to maintain appropriate business records, to comply with lawful requests by courts and regulatory authorities and for us to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Our processing of your personal data is also necessary for the performance of our contract with you in relation to our products/services.
Visitors to our website
What personal data we collectWhen you visit our website, we may collect your personal information where you submit a form containing your personal data or where the website helps you send an email to us.The personal data we collect will typically includes your name, your email address and the information contained in any correspondence with you.
How we use your personal dataWe will use your personal data only for the purpose of communicating with you in response to your enquiries.
The lawful basis for our collection and use of the personal data
Our processing of this personal data is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests in providing our products and/or services to you.
Our safekeeping of your data
We will periodically evaluate your personal data which we hold to determine whether we should continue to hold it. We have implemented all appropriate technical, organisational and security procedures to protect your personal data from unauthorised access or from accidental loss or corruption. These measures include restricting physical access to our premises where personal data is held and using access controls and firewalls to prevent unauthorised access to our systems. We recommend that you also take steps to safeguard your personal data against the risk of unauthorised access or accidental loss or corruption by backing up your personal data. Where we provide you with password-restricted access to our website, software and/or services, it is your responsibility to use a strong password and to keep it private.
Who we may disclose your personal data to
Except as set out above and save for the following exceptions, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party.
We may disclose your personal data to our group companies.
We will disclose your personal data to law enforcement agencies or regulatory bodies if we are required to do so by law.
We may disclose your personal details to a third party in connection with the sale or merger of our business.
We may employ other companies to provide services for us, including for example, processing of payments and freight which services are necessary in order for us to be able to provide our services to you. These companies have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions and not for any other purposes and are bound by confidentiality agreements not to disclose any information for any other purpose.
If at any time we wish to disclose your personal data in circumstances other than those above, we will always obtain your express consent before doing so.We store your personal details on our servers in the United Kingdom and we will not be transferring your data outside the European Union.
How long we keep your personal data
Unless we provide for a specific duration in the categories set out above, we will keep your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy after which time we will either delete your personal data or remove all personal identifiers from the data so that it has become anonymous.
International data transfersWe do not transfer your personal data to any country outside of Australia / New Zealand.
CookiesWhat is a cookie? A cookie is a text string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your device so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.We may use cookies to record information about how you access our website for statistics solely for us and. To the extent that these cookies contain personally identifying data, this will be limited to IP addresses only. You can choose not to accept cookies by setting the preferences on your internet browser. If you do not accept cookies from us, this may impair or prevent some or all of the services which we provide to you.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information via email (email newsletters) or other methods. The information we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. We may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information relating to our products or services.
To provide information on other products and services which we feel may be of legitimate interest to you
To meet our contractual commitments to you.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect the service we provide.
You will have the option to “opt out” or “unsubscribe” of receiving newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other communications at any time and each time you receive electronic marketing information from us, you have the option to decline to receive further information from us. Communications frequently include essential information regarding your service and updates that are needed in order to use the product to its fullest capacity.In the event that you wish your personal information to be removed from our databases then please write to us at our registered office shown on the “Contact” page of our website.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 01/01/2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
Your rights in relation to your personal dataAs a data subject, the law provides you with certain rights in relation to your personal data which we hold. You have the right to request the following: (1) Access to your personal data and information about why we hold it and who we can disclose it to; (2) Correction of your personal data if it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date; (3) Deletion of your personal data (for example where you withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data or if you object to our processing and we have no overriding legitimate interest to continue to process your data); (4) Stopping the processing of your personal data for certain purposes such as direct marketing; (5) To receive your personal data in a commonly used machine-readable format or have this data sent to your designated recipient; and (6) To object to automatic decision making and profiling based on your personal data. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.To request a copy of your personal data or to make any other request outlined above, please contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing hello@stoneitaliana.co.uk or by post at the contact details given above. To safeguard the personal data we hold, we need to confirm your identity before we can take action following a request made under this section.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
SYDNEY Warehouse and Office
14 Birmingham Ave,
Villawood NSW, 2163
P: 02 9723 1033
F: 02 9723 1099
MELBOURNE Showroom and Office
489 Church Street,
Richmond, VIC 3121
P: 03 9826 0227
F: 03 9826 0221
NEW ZEALAND Office
95A Bassett Road
Remuera, Auckland 1050
P: +64 021 685 095
F: +64 9 511 3331
© 2020 Stone Italiana.
All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Click Here For Showrooms & Contact Information
Home
About Stone Italiana
Collections
–
Cartapietra
Cementino
–
Classic
Cosmolite
Craken
–
DNA Urbano
Graniglio
Inserti
–
Jaipur
Juta
Metallico
–
KStone
Native
Terrazzo
–
Limited Stock
Discontinued Tiles
Projects
Samples
News & Media
Contact
Product Information
Download Material Safety Sheet