https://www.trilogycomms.com/en/legal
Toggle navigation
Home
Markets
Case Studies
Products
Support
Partners
Partners
News
About
Contact
Industry filter:
All
Defence
Broadcast
Industrial
location
Legal
COOKIES POLICY
Effective Date: 25 May 2018
This Cookies Policy explains how Trilogy Communications Limited (“Trilogy”, “we” or “us”) uses cookies on websites or online access points such as widgets and mobile applications operated by Trilogy (collectively, the “Site”), which includes www.trilogycomms.com/en.
Like many websites, the Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Site. This helps us to analyse the use of the Site to customise and improve the content and the layout of the Site.
When you first access the Site, you will receive a message advising you that cookies are in use. By continuing to browse the Site, you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Cookies Policy.
You do not have to accept our cookies and can block them by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse all or some cookies. You may also delete them after they have been placed on your hard drive. If you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of the Site that you access may take more time to work, or may not function properly. If you would like further information on how to block cookies, please see the “How to Control Cookies” section, below.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer, if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Site.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to the Site. This enables us to personalise our content for you, for example, your choice of language or region.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the Site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Third party cookies. Some advertising on the Site is displayed on third party websites and put in place by a third party (an advertising agency for example). These third parties use their own cookies to analyse how many people have seen and/or clicked on an advertising banner. The cookies placed by third parties are based on the cookies policies of the companies which place them and we do not have access to read or create these cookies.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
1.  Cookies Used By Trilogy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Source
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiration
Trilogy
PHPSESSID
This helps us to maintain any choices you have made on the Site by using a randomly generated number.
7 days
Trilogy
interest-area
Session
Analytical Cookies
Cookie Source
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiration
Google Universal Analytics
_ga
This helps us count how many people visit the Site by tracking if you’ve visited before.
2 years
Google Universal Analytics
_gat
This helps us to manage the rate at which page view requests are made.
10 minutes
Google Universal Analytics
_gid
This helps us count how many people visit the Site by tracking if you’ve visited before.
24 hours
2.  Third Party Cookies Used By Trilogy
Cookie Source
Cookie Name
Purpose
Doubleclick.net
id
Doubleclick is a subsidiary of Google and deals with tailored advertising that is designed to provide you with a selection of products based on what you're viewing on the Site.
These adverts are presented to you by, Doubleclick, when you visit other selected websites - the technology behind the ads is based on cookies.
For more information about the privacy policy of Doubleclick, please visit: Google Privacy Policy
Disabling these adverts
We’d like to continue to display content that's relevant to you. However, you can choose to opt out of this type of advertising permanently at:
Personalize Ads.
Google Maps Cookies
APISID SSID NID PREF SID SAPISID HSID
These cookies are installed by Google whenever you visit a page with an embedded Google Map, and are used by Google to track usage of their services.
For more information, please visit: Google Privacy Policy
YouTube.com
SID HSID demographics VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE PREF APISID SSID LOGIN_INFO YSC SAPISID
These cookies are used by YouTube to enable functionality for its video service which is embedded within the Site.
These are third-party cookies used by YouTube and not handled by Trilogy.
To find out more about these cookies we recommend reading the following page:
Google Privacy & Terms
3.  How to Control Cookies
If you wish, you can prevent the storing of “cookies” on your computer through appropriate browser settings. Please note that this might restrict the performance and function range of our offering.
Please follow the links below to helpful information for the most popular browsers:
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Apple Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting http://youronlinechoices.com/.
4.  Policy Governs Use; Changes to Cookies Policy
This Cookies Policy governs the use of any information collected on the Site while it is in place. Trilogy reserves the right to change this Cookies Policy at any time, so please re-visit this page as often as you wish. In case of any material change, we will make a notation near the "Cookies Policy" link on the home page of the Site. Changes to this Cookies Policy are effective at the time they are posted to the Site, and your continued use of this Site after posting will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
5.  Questions
If you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this Cookies Policy or any statements herein, please contact us using the Contact Us section on our Site.
© Trilogy Communications Limited. All rights reserved.
news
Trilogy Mentor CX Changeover Unit is Now Shipping
PHABRIX AND TRILOGY PRESENT INTEGRATED T&M WORKFLOW AT IBC2018
Trilogy Previews New Mentor CX at IBC 2018
Trilogy Communications Celebrates Sales Success of Mentor RG
AoIP in the Intercom World
© 2020 Trilogy
privacy statement
cookies policy
do not sell my personal information
legal
careers
sitemap
×
Country Detected
We have detected that you are browsing from the United States and have automatically redirected you to the US version of the Trilogy Communications site.
Back to UK site
Continue on US site