https://www.westernspecialtycontractors.com/privacy-policy/
Thank you for visiting this Western Specialty Contractors Web site (the “Web site”) and reviewing our Privacy Policy. This privacy policy describes the information collection and use practices on the Web sites on which it is posted, including the Western Specialty Contractors Web site located at www.westernspecialtycontractors.com. It does not apply to information that we may collect from you in other forums, including offline, on other websites, or through electronic mail, or information we may be provided about you by third parties.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect and How It Is Used
You may browse our Web site without providing personally identifiable information, however on certain areas of our Web site we do collect personally identifiable information. These areas include, for example, our contact form, where we collect name, email, phone number, and other comments should you choose to share them. Information we collect is used to respond to your request and as described at the time we collect information, as well as to send you information about us, our existing divisions, or other products or services (whether ours or those of third parties) in whom we believe you may be interested, or for our other legitimate business purposes. From time to time we may share your information with third parties, including our business partners, or vendors who are providing services on our behalf. We will also disclose your information to third parties such as government agencies, courts, or law enforcement to cooperate with enforcement activities, if we believe we are required by law to make such a disclosure, or to protect our company or other users of our web sites or our services.
In addition to information we ask specifically on the Web site, we may also use passive tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons to log and record information such as the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, and the pages and images requested. This information is used for us to better understand what areas of the Web site are popular, for Web site maintenance and support, to better understand our customers, and for our legitimate business purposes.
Children on Our Site
The Web site is not intended for, directed to, nor do we believe it is appealing to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under 13. Parents, if you believe your child has provided us with personally identifiable information, please contact us at privacy@westerngroup.com. To learn more about how to protect your children online, we encourage you to visit http://www.business.ftc.gov/privacy-and-security/childrens-privacy.
Third-Party Sites
On certain areas of this Web site we may provide links to third-party sites. This Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other sites, including those linked to or from the Web site. These links are provided as a convenience to you, however please be aware that we do not control the third-parties or their Web sites, and those third parties will have a different Privacy Policy which applies to information that you may provide when you are on those third-parties’ sites. You should read the privacy policies of all Web sites carefully before providing personally identifiable information.
Security
We use industry standard measures to protect information provided on this Web site.
Contact Information
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us by email, you may opt out of receiving such emails by following the opt out instructions in any marketing email you receive. You may also contact us to opt out of receiving marketing emails by sending an email to privacy@westerngroup.com with the words “Opt Out of Marketing” in the subject line of your message. If you have other questions or comments about our privacy practices, please contact us as follows:
Western Specialty Contractors Corporate Office
Attn: Privacy Group
1637 N. Warson Road
St. Louis, MO 63132
(314) 427-1637
Toll Free: (833) 325-2801
privacy@westerngroup.com
Effective Date and Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 6/27/13. We will post the most recent version of the Privacy Policy on the Web site. By using the Web site, you understand that information you provide will be used as described in the most recent version of the Policy. Your continued use of the Web site constitutes your understanding of and agreement to this Policy. If you do not agree with how your information will be used, you should not provide information or use the Web site.