http://www.networkingtimes.com/ntprivacy.php
Toggle navigation
Networking Times
Home
Store
Issues
About
Contact
Login
Privacy Policy
About Us
Our homepage is located at
http://www.networkingtimes.com.
The full text of our privacy policy is at
http://www.networkingtimes.com/ntprivacy.php.
Users may go to
http://www.networkingtimes.com/unsubscribe.php for information on how to opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
If you have questions about this policy, please contact us by email at webmasters@networkingtimes.com or call 866-343-4005.
Our mailing address:
Networking Times
11418 Kokopeli Place
Chatsworth, CA 91311
UNITED STATES
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms.
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
Customer Service Dispute:
[no description given]
Additional Information
This policy is valid until 1 Jan, 2016 at 12:00:00 PST, after which time we reserve the right to use the collected
information for any purposes we see fit. For all intents and purposes this means we won't sell your email address
but we can use it for statistics, search engine optimisation.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements").
This policy contains 4 data groups.
The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
Group "Access log information"
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Our Web server collects access logs
containing this information.
Group "Cookies"
We collect the following information:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Research and development.
One-time tailoring.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies are used to track visitors to
our site, so we can better understand
what portions of our site best serve
you. We also use cookies to allow
our server to maintain information
about the contents of your shopping
cart.
Group "Transaction info (required)"
We collect the following information:
Physical contact information
Online contact information
Demographic data
Purchase information
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
In addition, the following types of entities will receive this information:
Delivery services.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Information we collect in order to process your purchase.
Group "Transaction info (optional)"
We collect the following information:
Online contact information
At the user's option, we may also collect the following data:
Physical contact information
Demographic data
Purchase information
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Contacting visitors for marketing of services or products. The user must opt-in to this usage.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
In addition, the following types of entities will receive this information:
Delivery services.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Information we collect in order to process your purchase.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes:
User targeting
Research and development
Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="CAO DSP COR LAW CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa CONi OUR DELa BUS IND PHY ONL UNI PUR COM NAV DEM STA"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
FieldMeaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
CAO
Access is available to contact and other information.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.
COR
Violations of this policy will be corrected.
LAW
Privacy law specifies penalties for a violation of this policy.
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the site.
CONi
The data is used for contacting the user, if the user selects it.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and our agents.
DELa
The data is given to delivery services.
BUS
Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
PHY
Physical contact information is collected.
ONL
Online contact information is collected.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
PUR
Purchase information is collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is collected.
DEM
Demographic and socioeconomic data is collected.
STA
State-management data is collected
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes.
For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie.
The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium.
In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context.
This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6.
IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.
Sitemap
Home
Store
Issues
Events
About
Contact
Subscribe
Editorial Board
CEO: Chris Gross
Publisher: Bob Proctor
Editor in Chief: Josephine Gross, Ph.D.
Consulting Editor: John David Mann
Founding Editor: John Milton Fogg
Contact Us
Gabriel Media Group, Inc.
11418 Kokopeli Place
Chatsworth, CA 91311
818-727-2000
info@networkingtimes.com
Support Hours
Monday-Friday: 7am - 7pm Pacific
Toll-Free: 866-343-4005
Navigation
Home
Online Store
University
Subscribe
Issues
About
Contact
Blog
Social Media
×
Networking Times Weekly
FREE Email Newsletter
Get million-dollar tips from our experts and success secrets from top earners.
Join below and receive our FREE "Network Marketing Is..." prospecting tool validating our business and profession in 28 powerful quotes!