https://www.tsvg.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Sun Valley
Skip to main content
800.747.0396Login
Flower CatalogFlower ResourcesWhere to BuyBlogAbout UsAbout Sun ValleyGuiding Principles- Gua de PrincipiosOur FarmsOur TeamSustainabilityEmployment ApplicationsContactSearch
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY
The Fine Print
SECURITY & PRIVACY
We respect your privacy and we value your security. That's why every order placed through our website is 100% safe and secure. All of your personal information is encrypted before it is transmitted over the Internet and carefully guarded once we receive it. Our servers are certified secure, and your information won't be shared with anyone who doesn't need it. People who need it may include the people who deliver your flowers, the people who pack them, and the people who process your payments, but they absolutely do not include any third-party marketers, researchers, or spammers. The Sun Valley Group does not and will not sell, rent, or trade customer lists or information with third parties.
For more details about what information we collect and how it is used, please read our full privacy policy.
Privacy Policy
Effective November 1, 2014
The website TSVG.com is owned and operated by The Sun Valley Group, LLC
3160 Upper Bay Road
Arcata, CA 95521
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy can be directed to WebOrders@tsvg.com, or call 800.747.0396.
This Privacy Policy will address the following questions with respect to The Sun Valley Group standard practices in collecting and managing customer information:
What is "personally identifiable information?"
What personally identifiable information does TSVG.com collect?
How is this information used?
Does TSVG.com share this information with third parties?
Can TSVG.com customers make changes to their personally identifiable information?
How and why does TSVG.com use cookies?
How will changes to this Privacy Policy be communicated to customers?
1. What is "personally identifiable information?"
According to the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003, the term "personally identifiable information" is defined as "individually identifiable information about an individual consumer collected online by the operator from that individual and maintained by the operator in accessible form, including any of the following: (1) A first and last name; (2) A home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town; (3) An e-mail address; (4) A telephone number; (5) A social security number; (6) Any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual; or (7) Information concerning a user that the Web site or online service collects online from the user and maintains in personally identifiable form in combination with an identifier described in this subdivision."
2. What personally identifiable information does TSVG.com collect?
In effort to process and deliver orders, TSVG.com collects the following "customer" (one purchasing merchandise) information on its Web site storefront utilizing Secure Socket Layer technology:
First and Last Name
Company Name (when applicable)
Billing Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
Credit Card Name, Number, CVN (Card Verification Number), and Expiration Date
From the customer TSVG.com requests the following "recipient" (one receiving merchandise) information on its Web site storefront:
First and Last Name
Company Name
Physical Delivery Address
Telephone Number
3. How is this information used?
Personally, identifiable information is collected and retained by TSVG.com to process, deliver, and reference merchandise purchases. TSVG.com sends order confirmation emails and FedEx tracking emails to customers. TSVG.com may contact or respond to customers or recipients via email, phone, or mail.
In addition, customers are given the option to subscribe to receive occasional marketing emails.
For your security, TSVG.com requires that you enter your credit card number and the verification number on your credit card when making a purchase. The card verification number (CVN) is a security feature, designed to protect you from fraudulent charges by ensuring that the card is present at the time the purchase is made. The CVN is printed only on the card, never on any receipts or statements, and it is not stored in the magnetic strip.
4. Does TSVG.com share this information with third parties?
To deliver products that are ordered from our website, TSVG.com must share recipient names, addresses and telephone numbers to our carriers. Customer names, billing addresses, and credit card information are required by financial institutions and credit card processing service providers for payment and verification. TSVG.com may receive hosting, site development, database management and technical support from third parties. None of these third parties is permitted to use TSVG.com customer or recipient personally identifiable information in any manner other than to aid TSVG.com in processing, delivering, and managing transactions.
TSVG.com does not sell, rent, or trade any personally identifiable information with any third parties. TSVG.com does not allow any other third parties access to personally identifiable information other than as specified in this Policy.
5. Can TSVG.com customers make changes to their personally identifiable information?
TSVG.com customers can manage their personally identifiable information by logging on to My Account, or by contacting TSVG.com at WebOrders@tsvg.com. Customers who have opted to receive TSVG.com marketing emails can "opt-out" at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions stated on the email, or by contacting TSVG.com at WebOrders@tsvg.com.
6. How and why does TSVG.com use cookies?
Like most e-commerce sites, TSVG.com requires customers to have cookies enabled to complete orders. The cookie information that is stored on the customer's hard drive is simply a session reference ID that is used from page to page in order to display items and continue the order process and for customer convenience during future visits to TSVG.com. No personally identifiable information is stored in this cookie. The Sun Valley Group uses a service that serves ads to users based on their visit to their site.
7. How will changes to this Privacy Policy be communicated to customers?
TSVG.com may make changes to this Privacy Policy with respect to changing business practices and legal requirements. The current Privacy Policy will remain accessible from each page of the TSVG.com web site with the effective date plainly stated.
8. How does TSVG.com respond to “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about their online activities over time and across third-party sites or services?
TSVG.com does not collect personally identifiable information about any of our customers’ online activities, so “do not track” signals or other such mechanisms are not replied to because they are not received.
9. Can third parties collect personally identifiable information about online activities over time and across different sites when a customer uses TSVG.com’s website?
No,TSVG.com does not allow third-parties to collect personally identifiable information about any of our customers’ online activities over time or across different sites when a customer uses our website.
Are You a Wholesaler?Register for an Account Today!RegisterAlready a Member?Log in to see our Wholesale Pricing!Login
3160 Upper Bay Road, Arcata, CA 95521-9690 | 800.747.0396
Sign up and stay connected
Seasonal Sales, Specials, and News
Sign Up
Join Our Team
We're always hiring!
Apply today
Footer menu
Terms & Conditions
Refund Policy
Contact Online
Privacy Policy