http://www.integra-adhesives.com/refund-policy/
×
COVID-19: Statement from the President on continuity and safety
Read More
English
Integra Adhesives
Adhesives for Solid Surface, Quartz, Stone, Ceramic and more
Navigation
HomeProducts
Adhesives
Surface Bonder XISurface Bonder UltraSurface Bonder ZeroRodding Bonder RD50Component BonderSubstrate Bonder SB100Packaging Options
Accessories
DispensingSink ClipsMitre SystemStone Swatch Deck
Silicone
Si Bonder Silicone
TECH&SDSFAQTutorials
Videos
Tools
Adhesive Calculator
Color Matches
Color ChartsPDF Color ChartsNatural Stone Match PhotosColor Reference List
Contact
Integra Adhesives DistributorsIndustry LinksAbout Us
ShopColor Charts
Integra Adhesives Refund Policy
Integra Adhesives will not accept returned merchandise without prior written authorization from the customer service department.  The customer service department may be contacted by the following means
Phone 1-604-850-1321 or toll-free 1-888-862-6665
Fax 1-604-850-1354
Email contact@integra-adhesives.com
Web contact form integra-adhesives.com/contact
Authorized returns must be in their original packaging and in good condition.
Refunded purchases must be shipped prepaid and are subject to a 15% restocking fee.
Integra Adhesives will not accept merchandise that
has been discontinued
stored in temperatures above 70°F (21°C)
is 6 months past its date of manufacture
Products which are declared defective must be returned in a usable state, containing enough to material to be tested by an Integra Adhesives QC agent in the laboratory.  Full refund or credit will be given for products that did not perform according to original specifications.
Contact Us
Color Charts
Videos
Industry Links
Track Your Order
Member of:
Documentation
Order Form
Credit Application
Credit Card Authorization
Contact
Sign-Up to Receive Email from Integra
Name:
Email:
Company:
Integra Adhesives Inc. Order Line
Intl. Phone: +1 (919) 598 2400
Intl. Fax: +1 (919) 598 2439
North America Toll Free: (888) 862-6665
Recent tweets from @IntegraAdhesive
copyright Integra Adhesives 2017 | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Warranty | Refund Policy | Sitemap
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
English
Français
Nederlands
Deutsch
Español
Italiano