https://www.kinzuachemical.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY STATEMENT
SECTION 1 – SECURITY AND YOUR INFORMATION
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL).  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Google analytics:
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@kinzuachem.com or mailing us at:
Kinzua Environmental, Inc.
1176 E. 38th St. Cleveland, Ohio 44114
SECTION 3 – DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 – PAYMENT
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then PayTrace, Inc. stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, please contact us at info@kinzuachem.com.
SECTION 5 - RETURN POLICY
Kinzua Environmental, Inc. is more than happy to help you with product returns and replacements. We simply ask that you contact us within 30 days of receiving your order so we can act fast and determine the best way to make things right!
In some cases, we will ask you to ship the items back for a full refund of the purchase price. But in many cases, we will issue you a refund without asking for a return. Our goal is to make sure you are 100% happy with your purchase!
To learn more about our return policy, email us for a quick response at info@kinzuachem.com.
SECTION 6 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 7 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@kinzuachem.com or by mail at
Kinzua Environmental, Inc.
1176 E. 38th St.
Cleveland, Ohio 44114
ATTN: Privacy Compliance Officer
Cerca:
Copyright ©
Kinzua Environmental, Inc. - All rights reserved. | Sitemap