https://www.proalt.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Professional Alternatives
Skip to content
(713) 572-2100
VIEW JOBS
SIGN IN
BLOG
Our Services Remote Staffing Direct-Hire Recruiting Temp-to-Hire Staffing Temporary / Contract Staffing Payrolling SolutionsEmployers Hire Now Assessments/Skills Testing Employer ResourcesWho We Place Credit & Risk Collections Credit Risk Management Lending Services Mortgage Title Financial Services Commercial Banking Energy Value Chain Support Services Administrative Customer Service Professional Accounting Construction Executive/Leadership Finance Human Resources Marketing / Creative Medical/Healthcare Real Estate Retail SalesJob Seekers Search Open Jobs Job Seeker Resources Submit Your ResumeWhy PROALT Testimonials The ProAlt Promise Awards LocationsAbout Us Who We Are Our Team Blog Work At ProAltContact Us
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 11, 2019
Privacy Policy
Welcome to http://www.proalt.com (the “Site“). This privacy policy (“Policy“) describes how Professional Alternatives of Houston, LLC. and its subsidiaries (“We”, “we”, “us” or “Professional Alternatives”) may use and disclose information that we may collect about you through the Site.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you use or register with the Site, we may collect certain “Personal Information,” which is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. The categories of Personal Information we may collect include: your name and contact information (email, address and phone number), your job search criteria and preferences, your employment experience, educational history, your skills, reference information, background information, other information contained in your resume, or any login ID or email address and password created by you. By providing your mobile phone number to us, you opt in and consent to receive text messages from us, which includes but is not limited to text messages sent through an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any services from us. If you do not wish to receive marketing text messages, do not provide us with your mobile phone number.
We use Personal Information to register you with the Site, to provide you with information regarding employment opportunities and career-related information, and to otherwise provide you with requested information or services. We may from time to time use your Personal Information to send you automated email messages, text messages (message and data rates may apply), or marketing materials regarding our services, including employment information. We may also use Personal Information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, and improving our services.
Disclosures of Personal Information
Professional Alternatives may disclose Personal Information to third parties in the following circumstances: (1) to our third-party service providers who perform business functions and services on our behalf; (2) to comply with applicable laws, the service of legal process, or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law requiring such disclosure; (b) protect the rights or property of Professional Alternatives or its affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of the users or the public. We also may disclose or transfer information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Collection and Use of Other Information”
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. We may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, and Internet browser type and version. We use this information to ensure that the Site functions properly.
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Site, pages visited, registrations, submissions, demographics, information requests, language preferences, and other traffic data. We use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Site to enhance its functionality, understand how it is used and assist us with resolving questions about it. We may also use cookies and other technologies in online advertising campaigns to track responses to our ads.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Site.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of Site users and email recipients, market our services to you, measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about Site usage and response rates.
Analytics. We use third-party analytics providers such as Google Analytics on the Site. Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. Google Analytics may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We have also engaged SEM Rush to analyze the activities of visitors to this Site, and SEM Rush’s authorized use of cookies and other tracking technologies enable it to have access to Personal Information of visitors to this Site. Such access to and use of Personal Information by SEM Rush is governed by SEM Rush’s privacy policy, available at: https://www.semrush.com/company/legal/privacy-policy/
IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Site, along with the time of the visit and the pages visited. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems, and administering the Site. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP Address.
*Please note that we may use and disclose Other Information for our business purposes.
Retargeting
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads regarding our services when you access and use other websites, based on information relating to your use of the Site. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). By utilizing the Site, you consent to the use of cookie or other tracking technologies to serve you retargeted advertising. If you would like more information about opting out of this advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Policy or this type of advertising, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://www.aboutads.info/.
Third Party Services
This policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Site links.
Security
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
Choices
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by using the mechanism contained in each such email.
Use of Site by Minors
The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of eighteen (18) and, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 18. If you are a resident of California, under 18 and a registered user of the Site, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Site by writing to info@proalt.com. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
Jurisdictional Issues
The Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.
Revisions to the Policy
If we change this Policy, we will post any updates here for your review. The “Last Updated” line at the top of this page indicates when this Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this website privacy policy, or if you would like to update any personal information you have provided to us, please contact us at:
Mailing Address:
Professional Alternatives of Houston, LLC.
1800 West Loop South
Suite 1050
Houston, TX 77027
Email address: info@proalt.com
Founded in 1998, Professional Alternatives is an award-winning recruiting and staffing agency that utilizes technology and relationships to deliver top talent.
Other Links
Recent NewsTerms and ConditionsJob Seeker FAQsEmployer FAQsPrivacy/Cookie PolicyContact Us
Recent Blog Posts
Best Tactics to Encourage Continuous Improvement in Your Employees
How to Figure Out If a Company Takes Diversity and Inclusion Seriously
The Importance of Transparency in Business
Contact Us Today
Contact Us
Let's Get Started. Call Us Now:
(713) 572-2100
An Equal Opportunity Employer  /  Staffing Websites by Staffing Future
We use cookies to optimize our website and improve your experience. AcceptPrivacy/Cookie Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.