https://www.browncowfarm.com/cookie-management-policy/
Cookie Management Policy
We (“us,” “we,” or “our”) are committed to protecting the privacy of the users (“user”, “you” or “your”) of this website – https://www.browncowfarm.com/ (the “Site”). This Cookie Management Policy (“Policy”) describes how cookies are used on the Site.
This Policy also describes how you can enable or disable cookies on the Site. We will not place any cookies onto your computer, tablet or mobile device without your consent.
I. WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the hard drive of a user’s computer. A cookie enables recognition of the computer you are using. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on a web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages.
When you browse the Site, the website may deposit cookies onto your computer. Cookies placed by us are called “first party cookies.” Cookies placed on your computer by parties other than us are called “third party cookies.” Third party cookies also enable recognition of your computer both when you visit the Site and, in certain circumstances, when you visit other websites. Both first party cookies and third party cookies record data anonymously and do not cause any damage to your computer.
II. WHAT COOKIES ARE USED ON THE SITE?
Types of Cookies
Purpose of the Cookie
Consequence of Disabling the Cookie
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are those cookies the Site cannot run without. These cookies are essential to enable you to browse around the Site and use its features.
If you do reject the use of Strictly Necessary Cookies, this may impact your user experience and functionality while using the Site.
Session ID
We collect information about how users interact with the Site. This may include the pages that users visit most often and whether users get error messages from certain pages. We use these so-called “session ID cookies” to make it easier for you to navigate the Site and to help us improve our users’ browsing experience. A “session ID cookie” expires when you close your browser.
You may choose not to allow these cookies. Doing so will not render the Site unusable. In such event, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas and features/functions of the Site may be limited.
Performance
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of the Site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how users move around the Site.
You may choose not to allow these cookies. Doing so will not render the Site unusable. In such event, we will not know when you have visited the Site and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Advertising
First and/or third party advertising cookies are used on the Site to tailor and personalize advertising to your interests and preferences. They do not store personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.
You may choose not to allow these cookies. Doing so will not render the Site unusable. In such event, it will be difficult for us to personalize the Site to give you the most effective user experience. You may also be overexposed to the same advertisements.
Analytics
First and third party analytics cookies are used on the Site to generate information about how the Site is being used so that it may be updated to improve the user’s experience. We use Google Analytics, a Google’s analytics tool to help us to understand how users engage with the Site. The tool may use a set of cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual users to Google. For more information, please visit https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage?hl=en
You may choose not to allow these cookies. Doing so will not render the Site unusable. In such event, it will be difficult for us to analyze the user experience so that we may evolve the Site.
Social Media
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
You may choose not to allow these cookies. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Security
Where applicable, we use security cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of login credentials, and protect user data from unauthorized parties. These cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You may choose not to allow these cookies. Doing so will not render the Site unusable. In such event, you will still be able to access and use much of the Site. You will not, however, be able to access or use those areas of the Site or participate in online activities that require authentication of users.
III. CONSENT
Upon visiting a Site, a Cookie Banner will appear, which will include a link to a Cookie Consent Tool. The Cookie Consent Tool will give you the following options: (1) consent to the use of all cookies; (2) consent to the use of some cookies; or (3) disable all cookies. If you choose to consent to any or all cookies, you may modify or withdraw your consent at any time by re-accessing the Cookie Consent Tool.
You can control the use of cookies and customize the settings by clicking here:
Cookie Settings
IV. USING YOUR BROWSER TO CONTROL COOKIES
Most browsers allow you to view, manage, delete and block cookies for a website. Be aware that if you delete all cookies then any preferences you have set will be lost, including the ability to opt-out from cookies as this function itself requires placement of an opt out cookie on your device. Guidance on how to control cookies for common browsers is linked below.
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/index?q=cookies&src=globalnav_support&type=organic&page=search&locale=en_US
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
For information on additional browsers and device types please see https://www.aboutcookies.org/
or https://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.
There are online tools available for clearing all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, such as https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
V. WHO CAN ACCESS YOUR COOKIES?
Internet websites can only access the cookies they have stored on your computer. For example, if we save a cookie on your browser, we can access our own cookie, but cannot access those of another company.
VI. COOKIE RETENTION
Cookies may be retained for a maximum period of 13 months.
Privacy Policy | Cookie Management Policy | Cookie Settings | Terms of Service