https://www.chateaugateaux.co.za/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Data Protection Notice
Cháteau Gáteaux respects and takes the protection of your privacy, personal data, such as your name, date of birth, address, e-mail address, telephone number etc., very seriously.
This PRIVACY regulates the collection, processing and use of your personal data if and to the extent that it is generated upon the use of our websites. We handle this data in strict compliance with the applicable statutory data protection provisions and the principles set out below.
1. Data reduction and data economy
We act in compliance with the principle of data reduction and data economy, which means that we collect, process and use as little personal data as possible.
2. Personal data and consent
We will collect, process and use your personal data as far as is necessary for the formation, performance or termination of a contractual or quasi-contractual client relationship.
Any other collection, processing and use of personal data requires your prior consent. Your personal data will only be used for the purpose for and to the extent to which the consent is given. For example, we will only inform you about our products and services upon receipt of your prior consent.
You may withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. We will erase your data upon receipt of the withdrawal. Please send your written withdrawal to the following address:
E-mail: customercare@chateaugateaux.co.za
or to the following
postal address:
Cháteau Gáteaux
1 Imvubupark Close
Riverhorse Valley Business Estate
Effingham
Durban
4071
3. Data generated automatically
Personal data may be processed automatically during the use of our websites. This includes in particular the name of your provider, your IP address, the type of your browser and operating system as well as websites visited including any search terms and the websites that you click through to reach us on the Internet. In all of these cases, data is processed anonymously, that is, you cannot be personally identified from the data.
4. Cookies
On our website we use first -and third-party cookies to analyse user activity and to improve our services for you on the websites. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information. By using our websites, you are consenting to the use of these cookies.
On this website the following services of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”) are enabled:
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, that is text files, which are saved on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie concerning your use of our website including your IP address (“usage data”) will usually be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Please note that on our websites we use a “gat._anonymizeIp()” script an extension of Google Analytics which ensures that your IP addresses are anonymized after geolocation (“IP masking”). By means of the activation of the IP anonymization, your IP address will be shortened in advance by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other countries that have signed the Treaty on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional instances is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA, where it is then truncated.
Google will use this information on behalf of us in order to evaluate your usage of our website, compile reports on website activity for us, and render us further services that relate to website and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the parameters of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. This data will only be passed on to third parties on the basis of statutory regulations or for the purposes of processing order data. In no case will Google link your usage data with other data stored by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition, you can avoid the collection of data generated by the cookie, and data related to the use of the website (including your IP-address) by Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link .
Detailed information on Google Analytics can be found under this link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Google Analytics Advertising Features (DoubleClick)
In addition to Google Analytics (see above) the analytics advertising feature DoubleClick is enabled on this website. Consequently, further data is collected by means of a Google cookie, which exceeds the standard implementation of Google Analytics. To this end, in addition to Google Analytics cookies our website uses third-party cookies.
The DoubleClick feature serves the purpose of presenting you with relevant ads from us and from third parties. Your browser is assigned an ID number (ID) as a pseudonym in order to check which advertisements have been shown in your browser and which advertisements have been clicked on. The use of DoubleClick cookies enables the display of advertisements based on previous visits to our and other websites on the internet. The information generated by the cookies is transferred for evaluation to a server in the USA and stored there by Google. The data will only be passed on to third parties on the basis of statutory regulations or within order data processing. In no case Google will link your usage data with other data stored by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition, you can avoid the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to the use of the website by Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link. Alternatively, you can also deactivate the DoubleClick cookies on the Digital Advertising Alliance website via the following link.
Furthermore, the above information on “Google Analytics” also applies to the Analytics Advertising features.
Detailed information on DoubleClick can be found under this link:
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Google Adwords
This website uses Google AdWords, an analytics service provided by Google Inc. and Conversion Tracking within the parameters of Google AdWords. Google AdWords uses cookies which are stored on the hard disk of your computer (so-called “Conversion Cookie”) when you click on an ad displayed by Google. These cookies become ineffective after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If you visit specific pages of our website, Google and we can track whether that page was accessed due to the clicking on a specific ad. Data obtained through use of conversion cookies are used for statistical reporting for AdWords customers who employ conversion tracking. These statistics tell us the total number of users who clicked on an ad displayed by Google and were forwarded to a page having a conversion tracking tag.
In addition to conversion tracking we also use remarketing features.
The Google Remarketing feature allows us to reach users who have previously visited our website. This way we can present users of this website who are already interested in our products or services with our ads on other websites of the display network. AdWords also determines what common interests there are and shared characteristics among users of our website based on user behavior on websites in the Google Display Network in the last 30 days and contextual search engine data. Based on this information, AdWords then finds new prospective customers to market to whose interests and characteristics are similar to those of users of our website. Target-audience-specific remarketing occurs through use of cookies in combination, such as Google Analytics cookies and Google DoubleClick cookies, in the browsers of the website users.
If you wish to opt out of tracking, you can block its use by preventing the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting on your browser (disable option) or by following the link below and installing the plug-in provided there:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. You can also deactivate the use of third-party cookies by visiting the deactivation website of the Network Advertising Initiative under http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and proceeding according to the opt-out there.
The above information on “Google Analytics” also applies to Google Adwords.
Further information on Google Adwords can be found under these links:
http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
5. Social Media
Our website contains references (links) to apply to external social networks such as Facebook (“social plug-ins”). The functions assigned to the links, especially the transmission of information and user data is not already activated by visiting our website, but only by clicking the links. After clicking on these links, the corresponding networks of plugins enabled and your browser establishes a direct connection to their servers forth.
If you click on the links while visiting our website, there may be a transfer of your user data to the appropriate network and its processing by the network. If you click on during your visit to our site, the links and at the same time via your personal account (account) are logged on to the network, the information that you have visited our website, forwarded to the network and stored in connection with your account. To prevent assignment to your account with the appropriate network, you must log out of your account before clicking the link.
Purpose and scope of data collection through the social networks and the local further processing and use of your data as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit the privacy policies of the respective network. For data processing, which starts with clicking on the link, the respective social network is solely responsible.
6. Third-party access to your personal data
Personal data is collected, processed and used by our company and – unless expressly excluded by us – by other companies of the Oetker Group (group companies) or service providers also commissioned by us. In the last two cases, we will ensure that group companies and service providers comply with the applicable statutory data protection provisions and the obligations arising under this PRIVACY. Service providers may, for instance, be commissioned in the context of shipping goods, distributing advertising material or in the scope of competitions.
No other access to your personal data shall be granted to any third parties. In particular, we will not sell or otherwise exploit the data. We will only process it, in particular by communicating it to government agencies, at the request of any authorities or pursuant to applicable statutory provisions or statutory disclosure requirements.
7. Security
We have implemented technical and organisational measures to protect your data from loss, modification, theft or access by unauthorised third parties.
8. Children
We are not interested in systematically collecting personal data relating to children under 15. If we need another legal guardian data has been communicated to us without the consent of the children’s parents or other legal guardian, we will delete it without delay. In doing so, we shall be bound by corresponding instructions from you in your capacity as parents or legal guardian.
9. Deletion and blocking
We shall delete your personal after the expiry of the business purpose connected with the data or as required by applicable statutory data protection provisions. For instance, we will delete the data collected for a competition once it has finished unless you have consented to further collection, processing and use of your data. If you have given your consent, we will delete the data when your consent is withdrawn or on expiry of the purpose for which your consent was given (Clause 2).
We will block your personal data in whole or in part upon your request. In this respect, we request you to inform us to what extent and for how long it shall be blocked. As far as technically possible, you may exclude the processing and use of your data for specific purposes.
10. Hyperlinks
Our websites may contain hyperlinks, that is, electronic cross-references via which websites of other companies can be called up. This PRIVACY does not apply to such linked websites. Instead they are governed solely by the data protection provisions set out on them.
11. Amendments to this PRIVACY
This PRIVACY is kept up to date. Consequently the PRIVACY may need to be amended in line with any modified objective or statutory circumstances. The use of our websites shall constitute acceptance of any such amendments.
12. Information
Of course, you may contact us at any time if you have any questions in respect of the collection, processing and use of your personal data. We will also be pleased to assist you with any general data protection-related information. For this purpose, please contact us at the following address:
E-mail: customercare@chateaugateaux.co.za
or to the following postal address:
Cháteau Gáteaux
1 Imvubupark Close
Riverhorse Valley Business Estate
Effingham
Durban
4071
Have no product in the cart!
0