http://www.seertrading.com/legal-and-privacy-policy/
Seer Trading Systems Ltd Copyright and Legal Statement
Welcome to the Seer Web site. Please read the following terms and conditions concerning your use of information on this site.
Copyright Information
Copyright (c) Seer Trading Systems Ltd 2004 – 2013
All rights reserved.
Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.
Except as provided herein neither the whole nor any part of the information contained in these webpages and incorporated documents may be adapted or reproduced in any material form except with the prior written permission of the copyright owner. Seer Trading Systems grants permission to download the information on to a computer and to make one hard copy of the information for reference purposes only. Reproduction of the information for profit is not permitted.
Neither the whole nor any part of the information contained in, or the product described in, this document may be adapted or reproduced in any material form except with the prior written permission of the copyright holder. The product described in this document is subject to continuous developments and improvements. All particulars of the product and its use contained in this document are given by Seer Trading Systems Ltd in good faith. All warranties implied or expressed, including but not limited to implied warranties of satisfactory quality or fitness for purpose are excluded. This document is intended only to provide information to the reader about the product. To the extent permitted by local laws Seer Trading Systems Ltd shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the use of any information in this document or any error or omission in such information.
Feedback
Except where expressly provided otherwise by Seer Trading Systems Ltd, all comments, feedback, information or materials submitted to Seer Trading Systems Ltd through or in association with this Web site shall be considered non-confidential and the property of Seer Trading Systems Ltd. By submitting such comments, feedback, information or materials to Seer Trading Systems Ltd, you agree to a free of charge assignment to Seer Trading Systems Ltd of all worldwide rights, title and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights to the comments, feedback, information or materials. Seer Trading Systems Ltd shall be free to use such comments, feedback, information or materials on an unrestricted basis.
Warranties And Disclaimers
THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE MAY BE OUT OF DATE OR INCLUDE OMISSIONS, INACCURACIES OR OTHER ERRORS.
EXCEPT WHERE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND SEER TRADING SYSTEMS LTD, ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED DIRECTLY ON THIS WEB SITE OR INDIRECTLY THROUGH THIS WEB SITE BY HYPERTEXT LINK OR OTHERWISE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. SEER TRADING SYSTEMS LTD HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS INFORMATION, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SEER TRADING SYSTEMS LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR RELIANCE UPON INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR THROUGH THIS WEB SITE. SEER TRADING SYSTEMS LTD RESERVES THE RIGHT TO MAKE CHANGES, UPDATES OR CORRECTIONS TO THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
Risk disclaimer
Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to invest in foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts
Privacy Policy
Seer Trading Systems Ltd Limited respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We provide this Privacy Statement to inform you of our Privacy Policy and practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. This website is governed in accordance with the laws of England. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this website.
The www.seertrading.com website is owned by Seer Trading Systems Ltd. Registered in the UK, Company Number 5561446.
Data Automatically Collected
We log visitor’s domain and IP address automatically; this information does not identify you as an individual, but only the computer that is being used to view the site. This data is used to see where and how the site is being used so that we can improve our service to you. We do not link information automatically logged by such means with personal data about specific individuals.
Cookies
We only use cookies when you login to the Seer website. These cookies will be used to maintain a session with your web browser and the Seer website. No personal information is held within the cookies. The cookies are not used or shared by other 3rd parties.
Data Collection and Use
When you request information through this site, we may need to know some personal information about you. When requesting information from us, we need your e-mail address, name and other limited personal identifiers, typically name and contact number. Your personal data will be processed to provide information, you request in the form that you require.
We will not pass your details to anyone else outside Seer Trading Systems Ltd, unless we are legally obliged to do so (such as law enforcement agencies) . Since Seer Trading Systems Ltd operates globally, the information you submit may be transferred securely between our servers based in the United States and our servers based in the European Union. This and all other transmissions will remain under our sole control. By offering your information, you consent to such a transfer.
Personal information will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Statement. We may use your personal information to send you further information in the future.
Data Retention
Data held is active for the purposes of contacting you effectively after which time it is depersonalized and non-identifiable. We do not collect any additional information about you other than that outlined above.
Access to your Personal Data
To enquire about accessing your personal data, or if you have any questions relating to Seer Trading Systems Ltd data privacy policy please email info@seertrading.com.
We will usually provide you with a readable copy of the personal data that we keep about you, within 40 days; we will require proof of your identity. We allow you to challenge the data that we hold and, where appropriate, you may have the data erased, rectified, amended or completed. We reserve the right to refuse to provide our visitors with a copy of their personal data, but will give reasons for our refusal. You will be able to challenge our decision to refuse to provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice
You may opt-out of targetted e-mail activities. Details of how to opt-out will be sent to you at the time of the relevant e-mail.
Security
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control that complies fully with data privacy & protection legislation appropriate to the jurisdiction applicable to the site. The security measures are designed to prevent unauthorised access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorised modification & unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
Privacy Compliance
Our privacy policy is compliant with the: UK Data Protection Act 1998.
Data privacy legislation is subject to revision and we strongly suggest that you regularly check our privacy statement.
Hyperlinks and Links To Third Party Sites
The Seer Trading Systems Ltd website may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Seer Trading Systems Ltd website. Seer Trading Systems Ltd does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Seer Trading Systems Ltd. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The Seer Trading Systems Ltd Privacy Statement does not cover the personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with Seer Trading Systems Ltd; that sharing is governed by that third-party company’s privacy policy.
Legal and Privacy Policy