http://www.firstfederalbank.com/privacy
Personal
Business
Investments
About
About Great Southern
Contact Us
Locations
Careers
Routing Number
Community Matters
Investor Relations
Holiday Hours
Home
/
Privacy
Rev. 12/12
FACTS
What does Great Southern Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.
Social Security number and income
Account balances and transaction history
Credit history and payment history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Great Southern chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Great Southern Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
- such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes
- to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes
- information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share.
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes
- information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share.
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share.
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share.
Questions?
Call 800-749-7113 or go to www.GreatSouthernBank.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
GREAT SOUTHERN BANK
What we do
How does Great Southern Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Great Southern Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies
Great Southern Bank has no affiliates
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Great Southern Bank does not share information with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include a credit card provider, identity theft  services, financial advisors, and a debt cancellation product.
Customer Service
(800) 749-7113 Monday-Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 7:00 p.m. CT Saturday: 8:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. CT Sunday: 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. CT
Report lost or stolen ATM or debit card
Monday-Friday: 6:30 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. CT Saturday-Sunday: 8:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. CT (855) 853-9400
After Hours (866) 546-8273
Banking Centers
Locations & Hours
Human Resources
(417) 895-4509
Media Relations
(417) 895-5242