http://www.tukatech.com/terms-and-conditions/
Tukatech Terms and ConditionsTukatech2020-10-07T10:06:16-07:00
Terms and Conditions
Last updated: July 1, 2020
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use,” “Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using the Tukatech website (the “Service”) operated by Tukatech, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Tukatech, Inc. and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Tukatech, Inc..
Tukatech, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Tukatech, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us.
Follow Tukatech
We're pretty social!
FacebookTwitterYoutubeInstagramLinkedin
Quick Links
Home
About
News
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Connect with us Email tukateam@tukatech.com for general inquiries
Support For support send a message to support@tukatech.com
World Headquarters 5462 Jillson Street
Los Angeles, CA, USA 90040
+1-323-726-3836
Asia Headquarters GP 42, Sector 18
Gurugram, Haryana, India
+91-98-7318-8025
Copyright © 1995-2020 Tukatech Inc. All Rights Reserved
Products
TUKA APM
TUKAcad
SMARTmark
TUKAstudio
TUKA3D
TUKA3D Designer Edition
TUKAcloud
TUKAjet
TUKAspread
TUKAcut
TUKAcut Laser
TUKA INA
Resources
Software Subscriptions
TUKAcad Subscriptions
TUKA3D DE Subscriptions
(TAPE) Tuka Academy of Pattern Engineering
Getting Started with TUKAcad
Getting Started with TUKA3D DE Visualizer
2D / 3D Fashion Design Templates
Fashion Industry Job Portal – Career Connection
CAD Fashion Data Services
TUKAtips
TUKAcenters
Fashion Industry Insight
About
Customer Testimonial
News
TUKAweb
Tukatalks
Contact Us
Translate »