http://www.entrotec.com/website/privacy
Privacy
Entrotec Privacy Statement
Introduction
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll
store and handle that data, and keep it safe.
We know that there’s a lot of information here but we want you to be fully informed about your rights, and how Entrotec Ltd uses your data.
We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but if not, please do get in touch with us. It’s likely that we’ll need to update
this Privacy Notice from time to time. We’ll notify you of any significant changes, but you’re welcome to come back and check it whenever you
wish.
Explaining the legal basis we rely on
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters.
When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service.
Contractual obligations
In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.
For example, if you order an item from us for delivery, we’ll collect your address details to deliver your purchase, and pass them to our courier.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting Entrotec to law enforcement.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running
our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, we will use your purchase or enquiry history to send you or make available information on our product or services.
We also combine your buying history of many customers to identify trends and ensure we can keep up with demand, or develop new products/services.
We will also use your address details to send you direct marketing information, telling you about products and services that we think might interest
you.
How long will we keep your personal data?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted completely or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data so that
it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
What are your rights over your personal data?
An overview of your different rights
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases.
The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete.
That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing (either through specific channels, or all channels).
That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent.
To ask for your information please contact The Data Protection Officer. To ask for your information to be amended please email us on saleshq@entrotec.co.uk
If we choose not to action your request we will explain to you the reasons for our refusal.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your
individual situation.
We must then do so unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing activity through all channels, or selected channels. We must always
comply with your request.
Checking your identity
To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this
Privacy Notice.
If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, we will ask them to prove they have your permission to act
How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails from that particular division.
Write to Data Protection Officer - Entrotec, Access House, 5-6 Ashwood Court, Livingston, EH53 0TL
Email: dpo@entrotec.co.uk
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or you are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the
use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113.
Or go online to www.ico.org.uk/concerns (opens in a new window; please note we can't be responsible for the content of external websites)
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
Details can be found in Section 16
why choose us
We listen to the needs of our clients. We can support the process from start to finish and ensure that your property whether residential or
corporate building has the right, cost effective door entry solution with guarantees of quality that are incomparable in the market.
If you own or are involved with the management, construction or maintenance of multi-occupancy buildings then Entrotec is able to design and
facilitate a total security solution that will protect you, your residents and your property. We source from local suppliers and are proud
to manufacture our systems at our UK head office in Livingston.