https://www.zeno-watch.ch/data-privacy/
Collection
Clocks
Design
Fashion
Lady
Pilot
Retro
Sport
· Watch Finder
About us
History
Mr. Zeno
Find a Store
Support
FAQ
Repairs
Service Centers
Take Care
Water Resistance
News
Contact
CHF 0.00
Home > Data Privacy
Please note that this is a translation of our German Data Privacy Policy only. Our Data Privacy Policy (General Data Protection Regulation = GDPR) only applies as defined in the German version.
We appreciate your interest in our online shop. The protection of your privacy is very important to us. Below we inform you about the handling of your data.
1. Access data and hosting
You can visit our websites without giving any personal information. Each time a web page is called, the web server merely automatically stores a server log file, which contains the name of the requested file, your IP address, the date and time of the retrieval, the amount of data transferred and the requesting provider (access data), and documents the retrieval.
These access data are evaluated exclusively for the purpose of ensuring a trouble-free operation of the site as well as the improvement of our offer. In accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. F GDPR the preservation of our legitimate interests, which predominate in the context of a weighing up of interests, in a correct presentation of our offer. All access data will be deleted no later than seven days after the end of your page visit.
Hosting services by a third party
Within the framework of a processing on our behalf, a third party provider provides the services for hosting and displaying the website. This serves to safeguard our legitimate interests, which are predominantly justified in the interests of weighing up our interests, in order to correctly present our offer. All data collected as part of the use of this website or in designated forms in the online shop as described below will be processed on its servers. Processing on other servers takes place only in the frame explained here.
These service providers are https://mailchimp.com/
The privacy policy of Mailchimp can be found here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
2. Data collection and use for contract execution
We collect personal information if you voluntarily provide it to us as part of your order, when contacting us (for example, via contact form or e-mail). Obligatory fields are marked as such, since in these cases we need the data for contract processing, or to process your contact and you can’t complete the order without their specification, or can’t send the contact. Which data are collected, can be seen from the respective input forms. We use the data communicated by you in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO for contract handling and processing of your inquiries. After completion of the contract, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after expiry of the tax and commercial retention periods, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we reserve the right to further data use, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you in this statement. The deletion of your customer account is possible at any time and can be done either by a message to the contact option described below.
3. Data transfer
For fulfillment of the contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR we pass your data to the shipping company responsible for the delivery, as far as this is necessary for the delivery of ordered goods. Depending on which payment service provider you select in the order process, we will forward payment data collected to the credit institution commissioned with the payment and any payment service providers commissioned by us to process the payments or to the selected payment service. In part, the selected payment service providers also collect this data themselves, provided that you create an account there. In this case, you must log in to the payment service provider with your access data during the ordering process. In this respect, the privacy policy of the respective payment service provider applies.
Data transfer to shipping service providers
Insofar as you have given us your express consent during or after your order, we will give you consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR forward your e-mail address and telephone number to the selected shipping service provider so that they can contact you before delivery for the purpose of delivery notification or reconciliation.
The consent can be withdrawn at any time by a message to the contact option described below. After revocation, we will delete your data provided for this purpose, unless you have expressly consented to a further use of your data or we reserve the right to further data use, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you in this statement.
4. E-mail newsletter
E-mail advertising with registration for the newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will use the data required or separately provided by you to regularly send you our e-mail newsletter based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. to send a GDPR.
The unsubscribing from the newsletter is possible at any time and can be done either by a message to the contact option described below or via a dedicated link in the newsletter. After unsubscribing we delete your e-mail address, as far as you have not expressly consented to a further use of your data or we reserve the right to further data use, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you in this statement.
5. Cookies and web analytics
In order to make the visit to our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, to display suitable products or for market research, we use so-called cookies on various pages. This serves to safeguard our legitimate interests, which predominate in the context of a weighing up of interests, in order to optimize the presentation of our offer in accordance with Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. Cookies are small text files that are automatically stored on your device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, ie after closing your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us to recognize your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies). The duration of the storage can be found in the overview in the cookie settings of your web browser. You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and individually decide on their acceptance or exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific cases or in general. Each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings. This is described in the Help menu of each browser, which explains how to change your cookie settings. These can be found for the respective browser under the following links:
Internet Explorer ™: http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Safari ™: https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_US
Chrome ™: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&hlrm=en&answer=95647
Firefox ™ https://support.mozilla.org/en/kb/cookies-allow-and-recognize
Opera ™: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
Failure to accept cookies may limit the functionality of our website.
Use of Google (Universal) Analytics for web analytics
Insofar as you consent to this pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR, this website uses Google (Universal) Analytics, a web analytics service of Google LLC (www.google.com), for the purpose of website analysis. Google (Universal) Analytics uses methods that allow you to analyze the use of the website, such as cookies. The automatically collected information about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. By activating IP anonymisation on this website, the IP address will be shortened prior to transmission within the member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. The anonymized IP address provided by Google Analytics within the framework of Google Analytics will generally not be merged with other data provided by Google. After purpose and end of the use of Google Analytics by us, the data collected in this context will be deleted.
Google LLC is headquartered in the US and is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. A current certificate can be viewed here. Under the agreement between the US and the European Commission, the latter has established an appropriate level of data protection for companies certified under the Privacy Shield.
You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. This prevents the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google.
As an alternative to the browser plug-in, you can click on this link to prevent the collection by Google Analytics on this website in the future. An opt-out cookie is stored on your device. If you delete your cookies, you will be asked to give your consent again.
6. Contact options and your rights
As a concerned, you have the following rights:
pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, the right to request information about your personal data processed by us in the scope specified therein;
in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, the right to demand immediate correction of incorrect or complete personal data stored with us;
according to Art. 17 GDPR the right to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless the further processing
– to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
– to fulfill a legal obligation;
– for reasons of public interest or
– to assert, exercise or defend legal claims
is required;
according to Art. 18 GDPR the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data, as far as
– the accuracy of the data is disputed by you;
– the processing is unlawful, but you reject its deletion;
– we no longer need the data, but you need it for asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or
– you filed an objection against the processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR;
according to Art. 20 GDPR, the right to receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another person responsible;
according to Art. 77 GDPR, the right to complain to a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or work or our company headquarters.
For questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data, information, correction, blocking or deletion of data and revocation of granted consent or objection to a particular use of data, please contact us directly via the contact details in our imprint.
7. Information, questions and suggestions
If you have any questions, suggestions or comments regarding data protection, please send an e-mail to: info(at)zeno-watch.ch
Upon request, we will give you free information about the data stored about your person or your pseudonym. If you wish, please send a message to info(at)zeno-watch.ch. Likewise, we are obliged, on request, to correct, block or delete the data stored about you.
Contradiction
To the extent that we process personal data as explained above in order to safeguard our legitimate interests, which are predominant in the context of a weighing up of interests, you can object to this processing with effect for the future. If the processing is for the purpose of direct marketing, you can exercise this right at any time as described above. Insofar as the processing takes place for other purposes, you are only entitled to a right of objection if there are reasons that arise from your particular situation.
After exercising your right to object, we will not further process your personal data for these purposes, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing of the assertion, exercise or defense of Legal claims serves.
This does not apply if the processing is for direct marketing purposes. Then we will not process your personal data for this purpose.
The development of the Internet requires from time to time adjustments in this statement. You will be informed about the news.
If you continue to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies. Find out moreAccept