https://www.etheuma.com/pages/en/privacypolicy.aspx
Privacy Policy
The privacy of your personal data is important to us and herein is a description of E.Theuma & Co Ltd’s privacy policy (the “Policy”).
This site is intended to provide you with general information relating to the E.Theuma & Co Ltd’s Policy.
This Policy discloses E.Theuma & Co Ltd's information gathering practices and describes the usage of the information gathered by E.Theuma & Co Ltd, in accordance with the principles relating to processing of personal data in terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) and applicable data protection legislation. By using this site you agree to be bound by these conditions of use. You should not continue to use or access the site if you do not agree to be bound by the following terms.
This Policy affects your legal rights and obligations so please read it carefully. If you have any questions, please contact us at info@etheuma.com or call us on 21234075.
The Policy can easily be accessible via a link at the bottom of each web page.
Data Controller
The Data Controller of this website is E.Theuma & Co Ltd, whose office is situated at 302, Theuma House, St Paul Street, Valletta, Malta.
Collection of Personal Data
When you visit our website we may collect, process and retain the following data about you:
We collect, process, store and use personal data when you purchase products from our website. This includes your name, email, mobile number, and address together with payment information.
We may keep a record of any correspondence with you if you contact us.
Details of the resources you access and of your visits to our site. This information could include (a) your computer or other device's unique ID number; (b) technical information about your device such as type of device, web browser or operating system; (c) your preferences and settings such as time zone and language; and (d) statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns.
We collect this information using cookies in accordance with the IP Address and Cookie section of this Policy and we use the information we collect on an anonymous basis to improve our services, and for analytical and research purposes.
All personal data that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate. If you provide us with inaccurate or false data, and we suspect or identify fraud, we will record this.
Where we collect your data from sources other than yourself, we undertake:
to do so only by legal means;
to do so only with your consent; and
to declare to you what sources we use, and under what circumstances.
Use of Personal Data
We undertake to use your data only to fulfil the purpose for which the personal data was collected and to keep you updated with any changes to the service which has been requested from us.
We will also use your personal data, in the case where you have consented to be contacted, with information on products and services requested from us or when we believe that such information may be of interest to you.
Personal data may also be processed to ensure that the content of our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer.
We may also use your personal data for such other purposes as are subsequently agreed between yourself and us and such additional purposes as may be required by law. In these circumstances, we shall take all reasonable measures available to us to communicate to you that the use has occurred.
IP Address and Cookies
During the course of your visits to this website, our website automatically logs your Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”) which is a unique identifying number automatically assigned to you every time you connect to the internet or, if you use an always-on connection such as broadband or ADSL, when you boot up your computer.
This IP Address contains information regarding the location of your computer on the internet (your country of origin) and the name of your internet service provider. Without such an IP Address, websites would not be able to deliver their content to you as they would not be able to find your computer on the internet.
Your IP Address is grouped up with the other logged IP addresses and is logged in order to provide us with statistics on the geographic location of visitors to our site, how long they stay on our site which are the most viewed pages and for other statistical reasons. Collecting this type of information allows us to administer our site, diagnose any potential server problems, analyse visitor trends and statistics, and generally help us provide you with a better internet experience. IP Addresses are not stored for longer than necessary for the above purposes.
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred (through your browser) from a website to the hard drive of your computer. The cookie identifies your browser but will not let a website know any personal data about you, such as your name and/or address. These files are then used by websites to identify when users revisit that website.
Our website uses cookies so that we can recognise you when you return and personalise your settings and preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can change your browser settings either to notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. Please note that our website may not operate efficiently if you refuse to accept cookies.
We also use Google Analytics to monitor how the website is used. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and generates reports detailing information such as the number of visits to the website, where visitors generally came from, how long they stayed on the website, and which pages they visited. Google Analytics places several persistent cookies on your computer's hard drive. These do not collect any personal data. If you do not agree to this you can disable persistent cookies in your browser. This will prevent Google Analytics from logging your visits.
Marketing Communications
If you opt in to receive marketing communications from us you consent to the processing of your data to send you such communications, which may include newsletters, blog posts, surveys and information about new events. We retain a record of your consent.
You can choose to no longer receive marketing communications by contacting us at info@etheuma.com or clicking unsubscribe from a marketing email. If you do unsubscribe to marketing communications, it may take up to 5 business days for your new preferences to take effect. We shall therefore retain your personal data in our records for marketing purposes until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive marketing emails from us.
Who do we share your data with?
We may share your personal data with any service providers, sub-contractors and agents that we may appoint to perform functions on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions, including payment providers, email communication providers, IT service providers, accountants, auditors and lawyers.
Under certain circumstances we may have to disclose your personal data under applicable laws and/or regulations, including but not limited to, as part of anti-money laundering processes or to protect a third party's rights, property, or safety.
We may also share your personal data in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company.
Where we store your personal data
We undertake to store and, or to transmit your data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorised access, alteration or deletion, at a level commensurate with its sensitivity. To ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy we will endeavour to take all reasonable necessary steps in protecting your privacy. We will do our best to protect your personal data; however we have no control over the transmission of information over the internet and therefore cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our sites. Any transmission of data is at your own risk.
Some or all of your personal data may be stored or transferred outside of the European Union (the EU) for any reason, including for example, if our email server is located in a country outside the EU or if any of our service providers or their servers are based outside of the EU. We shall only transfer your personal data to organisations that have provided adequate safeguards in respect of your personal data.
Where we have given, or you have chosen a password, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Data Retention
We retain the personal data processed by us for a long as is considered necessary for the purpose for which it was collected (including as required by applicable law or regulation).
In the absence of specific legal, regulatory or contractual requirements, we shall retain your personal data for a period of two (2) from the date of completion of the service.
Your Rights as Data Subject
As an individual you may exercise your right to request a copy of the personal data held about you by us, or to have any inaccuracies corrected (although all reasonable efforts will be made to keep your information updated), or to have certain personal data rectified, blocked or erased, or request data portability by submitting your request in writing to info@etheuma.com.
We will aim to respond to any requests for information promptly, and in any event within the legal required limits.
If you have any complaints in relation to this Policy or otherwise in relation to our processing of your personal data, you should contact the Maltese supervisory authority: The Office of the Information and Data Protection Commissioner.
Links to other Websites
Where we provide hypertext links to third party websites (because we think that they may be of interest to you or for information purposes or for convenience), please keep in mind that, when connecting, you will no longer be subject to this Policy but to the privacy policy of the new site. We do not have any control over that other site. Therefore, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of third-party sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the site in question.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We are continually improving and adding new functionality and features to our website and improving and adding to our existing products.
Because of these on-going changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, we may change our data practices from time to time.
You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Policy so that you are aware of any changes to it. Your continued use of this website after changes are posted signifies your agreement to be legally bound by this Policy as updated and/or amended.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Policy shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Malta. By accessing this website, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Malta in all claims or disputes arising in relation to or in connection with this website and its use and the Policy.
Feedback
Any comments or suggestions that you may have and which may contribute to a better quality of service will be welcome and greatly appreciated.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way we process your personal data, please contact us.
This privacy policy was last updated on 25 May 2018.