http://www.quantium.com.au/terms-of-use/
For an update on Quantium’s COVID-19 response and business continuity plans, please click here
Terms of use
This website provides general information about the various products and services of The Quantium Group Pty Ltd (Quantium) and its related companies. No actuarial advice is provided in the information accessed through this site.
Copyright
The content of Quantium’s website is protected under Australian and international copyright laws and conventions. Reproduction or use of any content of this website is prohibited other than for good faith personal and non-commercial purposes. No content reproduced may be altered or presented in a false or misleading manner whether by incorporation with other information or alone. Quantium’s limited permission to reproduce or use content does not extend to including any substantial portion of the content of this website in any work or publication, regardless of its form. Any reproduction or use of any content must always attribute copyright ownership to The Quantium Group Pty Limited.
Trademarks
The trademarks owned by Quantium and its related companies, are protected by Australian and international laws. You may not reproduce any of the trademarks of Quantium or its related companies without written authorisation.
Privacy
Any personal information given to Quantium will be dealt with in accordance with Quantium’s Privacy Policy. Any information provided may be accessed by any employee of Quantium and its related companies, in accordance with the requirements of Quantium’s Privacy Policy
Linking
Linking to this website is not permitted unless authorised in writing by Quantium. Please contact Quantium if you would like to link to any part of the Quantium website. Quantium reserves the right to refuse permission and to request removal of any link to its website.
Liability
In no event will Quantium, its related companies, or their directors or employees be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action taken in reliance on the information in this website or for any consequential, special or similar damages, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Quantium is not responsible for any other websites you may access via links provided on this website and no endorsement, approval or recommendation is given by Quantium of the owners of those websites, or of any information, products or services referred to on those websites. Any links to other websites are for convenience only. Quantium does not control and is not responsible for the content of those websites.
Phone: + 61 400 304 147
Privacy policy
|
Whistleblowing policy
|
Terms of use
|
Opt out
Copyright © 2020 Quantium
Your browser is out-of-date!Update your browser to view this website correctly.Update my browser now×