http://www.voltageconverters.com/pages/return-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
GENERAL TERMS, CONDITIONS, RETURNS and Shipping.
Processing Times for online orders
Most orders are processed within 24 hours after being placed (excluding weekends and holidays). Our cut-off time to ship orders is 5 PM EST (Mon-Fri).
Shipping Transit Times
Orders are shipped using FedEx, UPS or USPS, as soon as shipped a tracking number will be emailed to you. Orders will take between 1 to 6 business days to arrive once they are shipped.
Shipping cost
Any order above $25 is shipped free of charge to a physical continental US address. For shipments to Hawaii and Alaska, choose non continental US shipping to view rates.
Order By Phone Our phone order center is open 5 days a week The direct number is 954-603-4950. The Toll Free number is 1-866-220-8658 (US & Canada only). You will need to have the manufacture part number, your email address, credit card information, and a daytime phone number.
Tracking numbers
100% of the items are shipped from USA with tracking numbers, no exceptions.
Damaged items
If you receive a damaged item, please contact us within 48hs so we can start a claim with the carrier. As soon as they have acknowledged your order was damaged in transit, then we will issue you a refund back to your original payment method. We may ask you to send us a photo for the claim, and we will take care of the rest.
How to initiate a return?
You may return any item within 30 days of receipt for a full refund back to your original payment method. To initiate a return simply email or call us indicating your order number and explaining the reason. Refunds are issued within 24-48hs after products are received back at our facility and inspected. Returned items must be shipped prepaid and include all accessories as well as original packaging. All returns must include the RA number
We will NOT charge restocking fees or return shipping for returns of defective products, or if you received the wrong item.
Sales Tax All orders shipped to Florida, North Carolina, and Washington are subject to sales tax.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.