https://www.proalt.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions - Professional Alternatives
Skip to content
(713) 572-2100
VIEW JOBS
SIGN IN
BLOG
Our Services Remote Staffing Direct-Hire Recruiting Temp-to-Hire Staffing Temporary / Contract Staffing Payrolling SolutionsEmployers Hire Now Assessments/Skills Testing Employer ResourcesWho We Place Credit & Risk Collections Credit Risk Management Lending Services Mortgage Title Financial Services Commercial Banking Energy Value Chain Support Services Administrative Customer Service Professional Accounting Construction Executive/Leadership Finance Human Resources Marketing / Creative Medical/Healthcare Real Estate Retail SalesJob Seekers Search Open Jobs Job Seeker Resources Submit Your ResumeWhy PROALT Testimonials The ProAlt Promise Awards LocationsAbout Us Who We Are Our Team Blog Work At ProAltContact Us
Terms and Conditions of Use
Last Updated: October 22, 2019
ACCEPTANCE
Welcome to the Professional Alternatives website located at https://proalt.com together with any materials and services available therein, and successor site(s) thereto or the Professional Alternatives Direct functionality, (the “Site”), which is operated by Professional Alternatives of Houston LLC. (“Professional Alternatives” or “we” or “us”). These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) state the terms and conditions governing your use of and access to the Site and constitute a legally binding contract between you and Professional Alternatives. These Terms incorporate any additional terms and conditions posted by Professional Alternatives through the Site, or otherwise made available to you by Professional Alternatives.
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. YOUR ACCESS TO AND/OR USE OF THE SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF, AND CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY, THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TEsRMS, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SITE.
We may change these Terms from time to time by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting revised Terms through the Site. Any such changes will not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date on which we posted the revised Terms incorporating such changes, or otherwise notified you of such changes.
The “Last Updated” legend below indicates when these Terms were last changed. We may, at any time and without liability, modify or discontinue all or part of the Site (including access to the Site via any third-party links); or offer opportunities to some or all Site users.
ELIGIBILITY
By using the Site, you affirm that you are of legal age to enter into these Terms. If you are an individual accessing or using the Site on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any corporation, partnership or other entity with which you are associated (an “Organization”), then you are agreeing to these Terms on behalf of yourself and such Organization, and you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to bind such Organization to these Terms. References to “you” and “your” in these Terms will refer to both the individual using the Site and to any such Organization.
The Site is controlled or operated (or both) from the United States and is not intended to subject Professional Alternatives to any non-U.S. jurisdiction or law. The Site may not be appropriate or available for use in some non-U.S. jurisdictions. Any use of the Site is at your own risk, and you must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in doing so. We may limit the Site’s availability at any time, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction that we choose.
LICENSE
Subject to and conditioned on your compliance with these Terms, Professional Alternatives grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, revocable license to access and use the Site, and to download copies of the materials that we make available for download on the Site, in each case solely for your personal and non-commercial use.
The Site, including all content, information, and materials incorporated into or made available through the Site, is the exclusive property of Professional Alternatives or its suppliers, and is protected by U.S. and international law. You agree not to access or use the Site, or any content, information, or materials incorporated into or made available through the Site, except as expressly permitted under these Terms.
All trademarks, service marks, and logos displayed on the Site (the “Marks”) are the exclusive property of Professional Alternatives or their respective third-party owners. Except for your right to view Marks on our Site, you are not granted any rights to the Marks. Nothing in the Site grants, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Marks displayed on the Site.
USER SUBMITTED MATERIALS
The Site includes functionality to enable you to upload your résumé and/or other employment- and career-related information, and may also enable you to submit comments and materials through interactive features such as message boards and other forums, and chatting, commenting and other messaging functionality (all such résumés, information, comments, and materials are “Submitted Materials”). For clarity, you retain ownership of your Submitted Materials. You hereby grant Professional Alternatives a worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable and fully sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license, without additional consideration to you or any third party, to reproduce, distribute, perform and display (publicly or otherwise), create derivative works of, adapt, modify and otherwise use and exploit such Submitted Materials, in any format or media now known or hereafter developed, and for any purpose (including promotional purposes, such as testimonials).
In addition, if you provide to us any ideas, proposals, suggestions or other materials (“Feedback”), whether related to the Site or otherwise, such Feedback will be deemed Submitted Materials, and you hereby acknowledge and agree that such Feedback is not confidential, and that your provision of such Feedback is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction, and does not place Professional Alternatives under any fiduciary or other obligation.
You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant the licenses granted in this section, and that your Submitted Materials, and your provision thereof through and in connection with the Site, are complete and accurate, and are not fraudulent, tortious or otherwise in violation of any applicable law or any right of any third party. You further irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding each Submission that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.
Professional Alternatives may (but has no obligation to) screen, monitor, evaluate and remove any Submitted Materials at any time and for any reason, or analyze your access to and use of the Site. We may disclose information regarding your access to and use of the Site, and the circumstances surrounding such access and use, to anyone for any reason or purpose.
For clarity, certain information that you provide to Professional Alternatives through the Site may also be governed by Professional Alternatives’ Privacy Policy, located at https://proalt.com/provacy-policy (the “Privacy Policy”). You represent and warrant that any information you provide in connection with the Site is and will remain accurate and complete, and that you will maintain and update such information as needed.
RULES OF CONDUCT
In connection with the Site, you agree NOT to:
Post, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Site any materials that are or may be: (a) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful or intimidating, or otherwise fail to respect the rights and dignity of others; (b) defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or otherwise tortious; (c) obscene, indecent, pornographic or otherwise objectionable; or (d) protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary right, without the express prior written consent of the applicable owner.
Post, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Site any virus, worm, Trojan horse, Easter egg, time bomb, spyware or other computer code, file or program that is or is potentially harmful or invasive or intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment (each, a “Virus”).
Use the Site for any commercial purpose, or for any purpose that is fraudulent or otherwise tortious or unlawful.
Harvest or collect information about users of the Site.
Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Site or the servers or networks used to make the Site available, including by hacking or defacing any portion of the Site; or violate any requirement, procedure or policy of such servers or networks.
Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site.
Reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works of, sell, rent, lease, loan, timeshare, distribute or otherwise exploit any portion of (or any use of) the Site except as expressly authorized herein.
Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site, except where such restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law.
Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Site.
Frame or mirror any portion of the Site, or otherwise incorporate any portion of the Site into any product or service.
Systematically download and store Site content.
ACCOUNT AND PASSWORD
You may need to register for an account to use all or portions of the Site. We may reject, or require that you change, any username, password or other information that you provide to us in registering. You, and not Professional Alternatives, are responsible for any use or misuse of your username or password. In particular, it is your sole responsibility to (a) maintain the confidentiality of your account login and password; (b) frequently update and revise your password; and (c) promptly notify Professional Alternatives if there is any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security.
If you register as a client of Professional Alternatives, you may be able to create new orders and review and modify existing orders. You may also review and approve timesheets for Professional Alternatives personnel currently working on assignment with you. You agree that you are solely responsible for all activities undertaken within your account, including but not limited to any charges and additional fees incurred for extending or otherwise modifying assignments and creating new orders.
THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS
The Site may make available or provide links to third party websites, content, or information (“Third Party Materials”). Professional Alternatives does not control, and is not responsible for, any Third-Party Materials and the availability of any Third-Party Materials on the Site does not imply endorsement of, or affiliation with the provider of Third-Party Materials. Your use of Third-Party Materials is at your own risk.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Professional Alternatives, and its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees from any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses and fees (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your access to or use of, or activities in connection with, the Site (including any Submitted Materials), or your violation or alleged violation of these Terms or the Privacy Policy.
DISCLAIMER
THE SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND PROFESSIONAL ALTERNATIVES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND TITLE, AND WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, OR USAGE OR TRADE.
While we try to maintain the timeliness, integrity and security of the Site, we do not guarantee that the Site is or will remain updated, complete, correct or secure, or that access to the Site will be uninterrupted. The Site may include inaccuracies, errors and materials that violate or conflict with these Terms. Additionally, third parties may make unauthorized alterations to the Site.
Further, without limiting the foregoing, Professional Alternatives (a) does not guarantee that you will receive any employment or job offers through the Site; (b) will not be responsible for any employment offers or listings, employment screenings, employment decisions, or actual employment presented by third parties; and (c) is neither your employer nor your agent based solely on your usage of the Site. You must use your own judgment in evaluating any prospective employers and any Third-Party Materials.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU AGREE PROFESSIONAL ALTERNATIVES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, USE OR DATA, LOSS OF OTHER INTANGIBLES, OR LOSS OF SECURITY OF SUBMITTED MATERIALS (INCLUDING UNAUTHORIZED INTERCEPTION BY THIRD PARTIES OF ANY SUBMITTED MATERIALS), EVEN IF ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU FURTHER AGREE PROFESSIONAL ALTERNATIVES WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR FROM ANY THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS, INCLUDING FROM ANY VIRUS THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. YOU AGREE THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF PROFESSIONAL ALTERNATIVES FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WILL BE $0.
Applicable law may not allow for limitations on certain implied warranties, or exclusions or limitations of certain damages; solely to the extent that such law applies to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have certain additional rights.
TERMINATION
Professional Alternatives may terminate or suspend your access to the Site at any time, with or without cause or notice, including if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms. Upon any such termination or suspension, (a) your right to access and use the Site will immediately cease; (b) Professional Alternatives may immediately deactivate or delete your user name, password and account; (c) Professional Alternatives will be under no obligation to maintain or provide you with access to any materials associated with your account (including Submitted Materials), and may retain or delete such materials in Professional Alternatives’ sole discretion; and (d) except for the license granted to you to access and use the Site, the remaining provisions of these Terms will survive and continue in effect.
NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials available on the Site infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send to Professional Alternatives a written notice by mail, e-mail or fax, requesting that Professional Alternatives remove such material or block access to it. If you believe in good faith that someone has wrongly filed a notice of copyright infringement against you, the DMCA permits you to send to Professional Alternatives a counter-notice. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA. See http://www.copyright.gov/ for details. Notices and counter-notices must be sent in writing to:
Professional Alternatives of Houston LLC.
Attn: Chris Myers, CEO & President
1800 West Loop South
Suite 1050
Houston, TX 77027
Email: info@proalt.com
Phone: (713) 572-2100
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a DMCA notice or counter-notice.
GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION
These Terms are governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, U.S.A., without regard to its principles of conflicts of law, and regardless of your location. You agree to exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Harris County, Texas, U.S.A., and waive any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
GENERAL
These Terms do not, and will not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and Professional Alternatives. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. You may not assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of your rights or obligations under these Terms without our express prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of our rights or obligations under these Terms without restriction. No waiver by either party of any breach or default under these Terms will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is for convenience only, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision. All terms defined in the singular will have the same meanings when used in the plural, where appropriate and unless otherwise specified. Any use of the term “including” or variations thereof in these Terms will be construed as if followed by the phrase “without limitation.” These Terms, including any terms and conditions incorporated herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and Professional Alternatives relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and Professional Alternatives relating to such subject matter. Notices to you (including notices of changes to these Terms) may be made via posting to the Site or by e-mail (including in each case via links), or by regular mail. Without limitation, a printed version of these Terms and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Professional Alternatives will not be responsible for any failure to fulfill any obligation due to any cause beyond its control.
Founded in 1998, Professional Alternatives is an award-winning recruiting and staffing agency that utilizes technology and relationships to deliver top talent.
Other Links
Recent NewsTerms and ConditionsJob Seeker FAQsEmployer FAQsPrivacy/Cookie PolicyContact Us
Recent Blog Posts
Best Tactics to Encourage Continuous Improvement in Your Employees
How to Figure Out If a Company Takes Diversity and Inclusion Seriously
The Importance of Transparency in Business
Contact Us Today
Contact Us
Let's Get Started. Call Us Now:
(713) 572-2100
An Equal Opportunity Employer  /  Staffing Websites by Staffing Future
We use cookies to optimize our website and improve your experience. AcceptPrivacy/Cookie Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.