http://www.tpinst.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Truss Plate Institute (TPI) Privacy Policy.
Privacy PolicyGeneralTPI takes your privacy seriously.  The information you give us, such as your name, your contact email and other contact details on various places on the TPI Website or the TPI Repository, are absolutely safe with us. We will never rent, sell, share or otherwise knowingly disclose your personal information to third parties. We might contact you from time to time regarding your purchases or the services (like forums and announcement lists) you have subscribed to.We may also send you promotional announcements from time to time about new products and services that you might find useful.You may also opt out from receiving information from us at any time and ask us to remove your contact information from our database. Third Party Payment ProcessorsThe TPI Website uses third party payment processors to assist it in processing your personally identifiable payment information securely. Such third party processors’ use of your personal information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as this privacy policy. Payments are currently processed and managed using the third party vendors below.Stripe - privacy policyComments and User Content Posted to the TPI Website & TPI RepositoryIf you post any Comments or User Content on the TPI Website or the TPI Repository, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you choose to provide there may be read, collected, or used by other users of the TPI Website or TPI Repository, as well as other third parties. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit in these Comments or User Content forums or data fields. We cannot guarantee that other users have not made copies of and/or will not use such information outside of the TPI Website or TPI Repository. We are not responsible for information you choose to post in these Comments or User Content forums or data fields. Changes in Privacy StatementIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us via our Contact Us webpage.
Truss Plate Institute
maintaining the truss industry on a sound engineering basis
The Truss Plate Institute (TPI) has been serving the truss industry since 1961. TPI's core mission is "....to maintain the truss industry on a sound engineering basis...". We provide Design & Quality Standards & Publications for metal plate connected wood trusses (ANSI Standards Developer) along with other products and services to the component manufacturing industry.
Truss Plate Institute | 218 N. Lee Street, Ste. 312, Alexandria, VA
22314, USA