https://www.bt-industries.com/privacy/
The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This document outlines our privacy guidelines, to which you agree by navigating this site. Regular updates of the privacy policy are completed, requiring you to check back on this policy from time to time.
You are surfing a dynamically generated website that includes third-party advertising. Placement of tracking technologies such as and not limited to cookies and / or web beacons is permitted to third party advertising companies. These third party advertising companies may use such technologies to gather anonymous website statistics about your visits to this and other websites. These statistics are used by these third party advertising companies to provide ads of relevance to you.
Our advertisers and us may have the occasion to collect information in regards to your computer for our services. The information is gained in a statistical manner for our use or advertisers on our site. Data gathered will not identify you personally. It is strictly aggregate statistical data about our visitors and how they used our resources on the site. No identifying personal information will be shared at any time via cookies. You may elect to decline all cookies via your computer. Every computer has the ability to decline file downloads like cookies. Your browser has an option to enable the declining of cookies. Any of our advertisers may also have a use for cookies. We are not responsible, nor do we have control of the cookies downloaded from advertisements. They are downloaded only if you click on the advertisement.
Links on our site that belong to third parties may be found. These websites have their Privacy Policy, which you agree to when you link to the site. You should read this third party policy. We do not accept claims of liability or responsibility in any way for these policies or links, as we have no way to control the third party sites.
BT’s business is to anticipate customer needs and deliver solutions for efficient material handling. With cost-effective products and services, BT will provide customers with trouble-free material handling worldwide. Skilled, dedicated employees using state-of-the-art technologies ensure cost efficiency and appreciation in value for our owner.
Vision
The warehouse truck industry’s highest quality
Very strong brands
A product range on par with the best in the industry (performance/features)
A decentralized organization with widely delegated responsibility
Forking Over AwarenessZinc for Muscle Building
The Growth Mindset
Beautiful Skin Despite Stress
Social Media Pitfalls in BusinessCategories
Business Sense
Home Automation
Industrial Operations
Travel