https://www.slumberland.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Privacy/Consumer Info
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting slumberland.com. Slumberland Furniture is committed to your privacy and security and we adhere to the following practices. By visiting the slumberland.com web site, you agree to abide and be bound by these policies. This privacy policy will apply to a successor-in-interest to Slumberland.
Slumberland reserves the right to revise this privacy policy from time to time. Check back to this page periodically to learn of changes made to this page.
External Links
The slumberland.com web site may contain links to other sites. Slumberland is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of other web sites.
Email
You will be included in our email list if you specifically sign up through our website, if you make use of any online tools that require your email address, or if you provide your email address at the point of sale in our stores. By subscribing to our email list, you are authorizing Slumberland Furniture to contact you from time to time with promotional and non-promotional offers. You can unsubscribe from our email list by clicking unsubscribe from the bottom of our emails.
If your web filter requires the manual activation of an address before it allows email from that address, please note that Slumberland is not responsible for such activation. You should take whatever action is necessary to identify Slumberland email as "acceptable."
Postal Mailing List
By signing up for our email list, this does not automatically sign you up for our postal mailing list. To subscribe or unsubscribe from our postal mailing list, please click here.
Contacting Us Through slumberland.com
We appreciate all feedback regarding the slumberland.com site. However, any feedback or comments sent to slumberland.com shall be and remain the exclusive property of Slumberland. We reserve the right to share your feedback with other Slumberland personnel or third parties of our choosing in order to improve our service to you. We will respond with the information you have requested. This will not sign you up for our email list. To sign up for our email list, click here.
Cookies
The slumberland.com web site uses cookies - small data files stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive - to track which areas of our web site are used the most and to help us make our web site more informative and user-friendly. Slumberland has partnered with Coremetrics to help us collect and study this site usage information. Coremetrics is required to maintain all information collected and its analysis in confidence. As a slumberland.com visitor we allow you to disable this data collection. You may also choose to share this data with Slumberland and Coremetrics anonymously and continue to help us improve the user experience with anonymity. To learn more about our data collection options and to choose your level of data collection, please click here.
Slumberland has the right to receive, store and use information you enter on slumberland.com or which is collected during your visit to our web site. Such information may include the date and time of your visit, pages accessed, the web browser you use, the internet address of any web site from which you linked directly to our web site and related information, and will generally not personally identify you.
Third Parties
Some information or services you request may be provided on Slumberland’s behalf by affiliated businesses or agents. Such other companies may not use your private or personal information for purposes other than providing services through or on behalf of Slumberland.
Slumberland may engage other companies to provide services such as financing, marketing, shipping, delivery, web hosting or development, technical support and other support services. Slumberland reserves the right to provide personal information to such companies to the extent it may be necessary for them to provide services to or on behalf of Slumberland. Any such companies must agree to maintain the confidentiality of any personal information we may provide to them. Such companies may also collect personal information directly from you in connection with providing their services, and they will have the right to provide that personal information to us.
Slumberland sells products manufactured by other companies. Those vendors may from time to time ask us for personal information on customers who have purchased their products from Slumberland. If you purchase products from Slumberland, we have the right to provide personal information regarding your product purchases to the suppliers of those products.
In-Store Data Collection
To the extent Slumberland collects personal information from you when you visit a Slumberland retail store, we will comply with this privacy policy with respect to that information.
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting slumberland.com. Your use of slumberland.com is governed by these terms and conditions and you agree to abide and be bound by them. Slumberland Furniture may alter these terms of use at any time.
All of the content you see or hear on slumberland.com is the property of Slumberland and is subject to copyright and/or other intellectual property rights held by Slumberland.
Colors
We attempt to accurately portray product colors on slumberland.com. However, because your monitor's display of color may vary, we cannot ensure that you will always see an accurate representation of color.
Errors
Slumberland is not responsible for typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions of any kind. Slumberland reserves the right to add or discontinue merchandise. Quantities may be limited and products or services may not be available at all Slumberland locations.
You are provided with access to the slumberland.com web site on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Slumberland makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to the operation of the web site or the accuracy or completeness of information provided via the web site.
SLUMBERLAND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SLUMBERLAND DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE OR EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS SENT BY OR ON BEHALF OF SLUMBERLAND WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE OR COMPONENTS.
Slumberland will not be liable for any damages of any kind, including direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages, that arise from or are related to your use of this site. You agree to indemnify and hold Slumberland harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses that arise from or are related to your use of the site.
Slumberland Fraud Prevention Program
Slumberland seeks to prevent identity fraud and theft through:
Financing
By partnering with only reputable financial institutions who have the most updated technology to prevent fraud
By personally completing an Identity check (including scanning the ID with Black Light) of any person signing a finance contract.
By entering customer confidential information electronically, eliminating the need to retain a hard copy holding that information.
When a written application is required, allowing only the last 4 digits of the social security number to be recorded.
By maintaining financial applications in a secured place and forwarding them directly to the financial institution in a timely manner.
By partnering with the financial institution to provide a secure site for on-line applications.
By partnering with the financial institution’s fraud team in preventing and/or apprehending fraud suspects.
Check Processing
By completing an ID check (including scanning ID under black light) of person presenting the check.
By processing the check electronically.
By returning the check to the customer after it has been processed.
By storing any checks that are unable to be processed electronically in a secured place until deposited at the bank.
Credit Card Transactions
By processing the credit card through an authorization system, when presented at POS.
By manually processing the credit card number and entering the security code when given over the phone.
By storing any documentation containing a credit card number in a secured place until the transaction is completed.
By shredding any documentation containing a credit card number when the transaction is completed.
By releasing merchandise only when credit card is approved.
By limiting the amount of a customer pickup transaction, paid for over the phone with a credit card.
By providing a secure site for orders placed and paid for on-line.
Training
By presenting training in procedures and fraud prevention steps to all new sales trainees.
By presenting training in procedures and fraud prevention to all administrative assistants when hired.
By reviewing, regularly, statistics on fraud attempts and losses.
By providing steps to take if fraud is suspected and how to recognize ‘red flags’.
Red Flags
Red flags are an indication of a possible fraud or identity theft against a customer and are forwarded to the Loss Prevention Manager for immediate investigation. Some of the red flags that might indicate a fraud or customer identity theft are:
Customer contacting Slumberland about an unknown charge on their bank or credit card statement.
A customer charge back request from a financial institution notating possible fraud.
A charge back request from a financial institution noting that a check has "No Account", "Stop Payment" or "Frozen Account".
Recognizing multiple transactions made at different stores for large amounts and set for immediate pick-up.
Questionable activity by customer at point of sale:
In a hurry and changing order to accommodate immediate possession of furniture
Arriving with U-haul prior to the shopping experience.
Physical manifestation such as jittery, nervous, etc.
Presentation of Identification that doesn't appear authentic.
Signatures that don't match or are miss-spelled or appear.
NOTE: None of these in themselves would indicate a crime is occurring but when multiple red flags appear, an investigation is started.
Investigation/Prosecution
Slumberland records license plate numbers on all vehicles used for customer pick-up orders.
By aggressively working with local authorities and the FRPA (Financial Retail Protection Association) in apprehension, prosecuting and seeking restitution from suspects of fraud.
Federal Flammability Standard 16 CFR 1633
At Slumberland Furniture, your comfort and safety are our top priority. We've worked hard with all our manufacturers to ensure that, as of July 1, 2007, all sleep systems we sell are compliant with the new Federal standards for fire resistance when used as intended.
Mattress Only
If a Slumberland customer has purchased only a mattress, unless the mattress is used alone (on a platform or otherwise) or with a compliant boxspring, there can be no guarantee that the mattress will pass the new open flame requirements set out at 16 CFR 1633.
Boxspring Only
If a Slumberland customer has purchased only a foundation/boxspring, unless the foundation/boxspring is used with a compliant mattress, there can be no guarantee that the boxspring in combination with the mattress will pass the new open flame requirements set out at 16 CFR 1633.
For additional information, please go to https://www.cpsc.gov/Business--Manufacturing/Business-Education/Business-Guidance/Mattresses.