http://www.plotkingroup.com/legal-privacy/
Legal & Privacy
We want you to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We respect your right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website. For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
The information we collect is
used to improve the content of our Web pages and
never shared or sold to organizations for commercial purposes.
In order to use this website, visitors and/or members are not required to complete any registration form. When using our feedback form, a user must provide certain contact information, but we never sell or give away this information. It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which he/she has expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (income level, gender, etc.), and unique identifiers.
Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site, but is not required. Registration is not required to enter our site. We have a contact form. We require information from the user on our contact form.
A user must provide contact information such as name, email, and often a fax number, and possibly financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). If we have trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact the user.
This information is used
for shipping and billing purposes and
to fill customers' orders.
We publish a enewsletter, and we never sell or share our subscribers' email addresses. We also use surveys, and we never sell or share your personal information collected in our surveys.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement.
Conflict Resolution
We are committed to resolving disputes within a reasonable time frame.
If problems arise, users may contact us by email or telephone.
Contact Information
If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
The Plotkin Group
5650 El Camino Real, Suite 223
Carlsbad, CA 92010
Phone: 760.603.8791 or 800.877.5685
Email: info@plotkingroup.com
Home
About
News & Resources
Services
FAQs
Contact Us
Legal & Privacy
Sitemap
Hiring & Assessment
RETAIN YOUR EMPLOYEES
SALES & CUSTOMER SERVICE
RECRUITING
BACKGROUND SEARCHES
Client Login
© 2017 PLOTKIN GROUP.   All rights reserved.  Stanton Survey 11.0 is a Trademark of Plotkin Group.
<