https://www.jurlique.com/au/privacy-policy.html
Welcome to Jurlique Australia
Looks like you're in the USA! Sign-up and shop on Jurlique Australia and enjoy your welcome offer and free shipping on your first order.
Continue to Australia
Shop in USA
Enjoy free standard delivery on orders over $50. Shop Now
12 Days of Christmas is here. Discover a new offer, everyday. Shop Now
-->
Nutri-Define
Shop Now
Hands
By Category
Hand Creams
Hand Wash and Hand Treatments
Hand Sanitiser
Shop all Hand Care
Body
By Category
Body Moisturisers
Body Exfoliators
Shower Gels
Hair Care
Body Care Sets
Shop all Body Care
Aromatherapy
Gifts & Sets
By Category
All Gifts & Sets
Gifts for Face
Gifts for Hands & Body
Spas
Our Spas
Jurlique Spa Experience
Spa Treatment Menu
Virtual Skin Care Consultation
Why Jurlique
By Category
Our Story
Our Commitment
Our Farm
Our Unique Process
Our Ingredients
Blog
Sign In
Create An Account
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 2018
Introduction and Consent
The privacy of your personal information is a priority for Jurlique International Pty Ltd (ABN 40 064 901 131) and its group companies (“Jurlique”, “we”, “us”, “our”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose and handle any personal information we collect from you, and how to contact us if you wish to access or correct your personal information, or complain about a breach of your privacy.
By using our website or submitting personal information to us you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time if our practices change. Please do not use the website or submit any personal information if you do not agree with its terms. You may find links to other websites not operated by Jurlique but which are accessible through our websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites and you should consult the privacy policy of any other website you enter.
What kinds of personal information do we collect and how?
When you interact with Jurlique including by purchasing products, subscribing to our loyalty program, creating an account online, in store, over the phone, via email, or via social media, we may collect and hold personal information about you. Personal information means information or pieces of information that could allow you to be personally identified. This enables us to identify you and provide you with information about Jurlique products and services and allows us to facilitate any purchases or other enquiries. This information may include your name, address, phone number, screen name, email address, credit card information, shopping habits, preferences and health information.
We may also collect your personal information from third parties where you have agreed with them that your information may be disclosed to us, and with whom we have business relationships.
Why do we collect the information?
We collect your personal information so we can identify you and interact with you for the purposes described in the relevant Collection Statement.
Do you have to identify yourself when you interact with Jurlique?
If you wish to remain anonymous when you use the Jurlique website, do not sign in to the website or provide any information which may identify you. Please note however that we are unable to perform a number of our functions without obtaining your identifying information. For example, we may require details about your identity if you register or log into our website, contact us with an enquiry or complaint, request to receive communications from us, participate in our promotions or competitions, require us to deliver products to you and, in some cases, process a payment.
How can you request not to receive direct marketing?
If you do not wish to receive direct marketing communications from us please follow the 'opt-out' or 'unsubscribe' instruction in that communication or on our website, or otherwise email us here and provide your name, e-mail address and postal address and information about the direct marketing communication you no longer wish to receive.
Cookies
Your visits to Jurlique's websites are associated with cookies. Cookies are unique identifiers that we collect and use to obtain information about Jurlique's websites including the number of visitors to the websites, the date and time of those visits, the number of pages viewed, the products viewed and added to baskets, navigation patterns and, where relevant, the websites visited before visiting the website.
Your continued use of this website indicates your acceptance of and consent to our use of cookies.
This information provides Jurlique with statistics that we can use to analyse, personalise and improve our websites and our products and services. You may be able to adjust the security settings on your browser so that tracking is disabled, however the Jurlique website may be less functional for you. We may use information gathered from cookies on some of our websites to deliver material that might interest you on third party websites, such as Facebook.
We sometimes use a type of technology called a “pixel tag” on our websites or in our emails, alone or in combination with cookies. Pixel tags may be used to provide us and third parties who provide services to us with information about customer activity on our websites and/or when emails that we send are opened or accessed.
Additionally, your visits may be associated with location-based information (i) you manually provide, (ii) derived from the IP address of your computer, (iii) where you have accessed our website from your mobile device, GPS information where that has been enabled on your device, or (iv) the proximity of your laptop computer, mobile wireless device, personal digital assistant, personal communication system, or other communications device (your "Personal Communication Device”) to the nearest radio tower or cell site. This information includes when your Personal Communication Device is activated as well as when and how you are using it. We may collect such data to verify the information you provide to us manually and to provide you with location based content. We may also associate it with your existing personal information solely for our internal use in order to improve your experience with us.
Who do we disclose your personal information to?
We may disclose your personal information:
to third parties who store or process it on our behalf in order to assist us in providing, promoting and marketing as well as developing and improving our products and services;
We may combine personal information we receive about you with other information we hold about you. This includes information received from third parties and publically available information;
where required by law, or to government and enforcement agencies or individuals appointed by a government responsible for investigating and resolving disputes or complaints concerning Jurlique products or where such disclosure is necessary to protect the safety or security of persons;
to other companies within the Jurlique group and to companies that may acquire part or all of Jurlique or an affiliated company; and
as otherwise permitted under applicable laws.
We will not disclose any health information to third parties or use it for any purpose other than to assist you in choosing Jurlique products and services except where we are required to do so by law.
Do we transfer, process or disclose your personal information overseas?
We may disclose your personal information to Jurlique group companies and/or to third party service providers who provide services to Jurlique including data warehousing, credit card processing and e-commerce services, mailing and logistics services, located overseas in Hong Kong, China, Japan, the United States and the United Kingdom. By disclosing personal information to us, you acknowledge and consent to these potential transfers.
How do we hold your personal information and keep it secure?
We hold your personal information in a combination of electronic and hard copy files. We may store your personal information with third party data storage providers.
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we hold is protected from misuse, interference and loss, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure by the use of various methods, including secure physical and technological storage. Where we provide your personal information to third party service providers, we require them to keep it secure in accordance with relevant data privacy laws and only use or disclose it for the purpose for which it was provided.
Please contact us immediately if you become aware or have reason to believe there has been any unauthorised use of your personal information that we hold.
Your rights and who to contact
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy. You have the right to tell us if you:
don't want to be contacted in the future by us;
would like to find out what information we have about you and/or would like a copy of the personal information which we hold about you;
if you think that any personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete out-of-date or irrelevant; and/or
wish to report any breaches of this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us via one of the following:
Mail: "Attention: Online Privacy", Jurlique International Pty Ltd, 44-50 Oborn Road, Mount Barker SA 5251
Email here
Phone: 1800 805 286
We will ask that you put your request for access in writing and provide us with proof of your identity. You may be charged an administration fee when we provide you with the requested information to cover our time and postage and handling or retrieval costs.
We will generally provide you with access to your personal information that we have about you, but sometimes that will not be possible, in which case we will give you a written notice explaining why.
If you think that any personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, out-of-date or irrelevant, you may ask us to correct it. We will take reasonable steps to correct or update any personal information unless we disagree with your reasons. If we refuse to correct your personal information we will give you a written explanation why.
How can you access further information or complain about a breach of your privacy?
If you believe that we have breached your privacy or have any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us via either the mailing address, email or phone number listed above.
We will investigate any complaint, and notify you of our decision in relation to the complaint, as soon as practicable after it is received. If we are unable to satisfactorily resolve your concerns about our handling of your personal information, Australian residents can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner or New Zealand residents can contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner.
Find a Store
Contact Us
Find a Store
Contact Us Online
COVID-19 Statement
Customer Service
Product Recall
Returns and Exchanges
Shipping and Delivery
About My Account
Customer FAQs
Spa FAQs
Farm Tour FAQs
Gift Card and Offer T&Cs
About Jurlique
Our Farm
Our Commitment
Our Spas
Our Careers
Our Blog
Our News
Preferences
Australia
Australia
China
Denmark
France
Greece
Hong Kong, Sar China
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Malaysia
Spain
U.K.
U.S.
English
English
English
Secure payments
© Jurlique. All Rights Reserved. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Accessibility Statement
South Australia
Become a Jurlique Insider
Subscribe to our newsletter to hear about our latest news, product and events.