http://www.duckworthboats.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyDuckworth Boat Works, Inc. Security And Privacy PolicyThe policies below are applicable to the Duckworth Boat Works, Inc. website (“Website”) produced and maintained by Duckworth Boat Works, Inc. and/or Renaissance Marine Group, Inc. (collectively “Duckworth” or “we”, “us”, or “our”). This security and privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to the Website, why we gather your information, what we use your personal information for, when we might disclose your personal information, and how you can manage your personal information.By visiting our Website, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website and exit immediately. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.What Information We CollectWe ask for only the information we need to provide the service you’ve requested.Personal InformationIn certain circumstances, Duckworth may collect information that identifies you, such as your name, address or credit card information, as well as other individually-identifiable information that you provide to us or that we collect (“Personal Information”).Duckworth collects such Personal Information from you only during (i) online registration and/or shopping, (ii) your posting of information on the website, and (iii) when you contact us using the form e-mail. Personal Information also may be collected in certain portions of the Website in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information.Anonymous InformationThrough your use of the Website, Duckworth may also gather certain information that does not identify you individually (“Anonymous Information”). Generally, this information is collected through “traffic data” and may entail the use of “Cookies,” “IP addresses,” or other numeric codes used to identify a computer.Policies for Children Under 13We do not knowingly collect any information from persons under the age of 13. If we learn that any persons under the age of 13 have provided information about themselves, the information will be deleted. Our Website is designed for adults. Our Website is not intentionally targeted to children under the age of 13.Children under the age of 13 should not use our Website without obtaining prior parental consent.Use of CookiesDuckworth may use “Cookies” to provide some of the services on our Website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you’re at our Website. The use of Cookies is standard in the Internet industry. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Our Website never uses Cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a Cookie. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not use information transferred through Cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, nor is that information shared with any third parties whatsoever. We do not use Cookies to identify specific individuals, except in such cases as online shopping.How We Use the InformationExcept as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to our Website or your Personal Information that you may give us or we may collect to any companies not affiliated with Duckworth. Duckworth does not sell any customer lists or e-mail addresses.FeedbackDuckworth may use your Personal Information to track your compliance with the Website’s rules and regulations, or for feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when you provide the information).Use of Anonymous InformationAnonymous Information helps us determine how people use parts of the Website so we can improve our Website and ensure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many people as possible. We may also use or share Anonymous Information (or other information, other than Personal Information) in any manner that we deem appropriate or necessary.Third-Party AgentsWe occasionally have third-party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures that perform functions on our behalf, such as credit card processing, shipping or stocking orders, providing customer service, etc. These entities have access to the Personal Information of yours needed to perform their functions, and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information. They are restricted from using or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Website.Emergency SituationsDuckworth may also disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on Duckworth or the Website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Duckworth, the Website or the users of Duckworth, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of Duckworth, the users of the Website or the public.Links to Other WebsitesThis Privacy Policy applies only to Duckworth and the Duckworth Website, not to other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we link. These other sites are beyond our control and may send their own Cookies to you, collect your data or solicit your personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms and conditions whenever interacting with any other website.Security PolicyPersonal Information collected by the Duckworth Website is stored in an operating environment that is not available to the public. In many instances, such as in the case of online purchases, the Personal Information is encrypted before you conduct your transaction.While we make reasonable efforts to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or information we transmit to you from our Website, and you do so at your own risk.Governing Law/AssignmentOur Website is published in the United States. U.S. law shall govern in any and all disputes, including privacy or defamation issues or otherwise.Duckworth may change its ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website and our services. As a result, please be aware that Duckworth may transfer your information to another company that is affiliated with Duckworth or with which Duckworth has merged. Any new company will also follow this Privacy Policy.ChangesAs our Website continues to develop, we may add new services and features. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this document will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes prominently, however, we do recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our Website in case you missed our notice of changes.Opt-Out and Correction ProceduresYou always may opt-out of receiving communications from us, such as e-mail messages and newsletters. To remove your Personal Information from our database or to not receive future communications, send an e-mail to info@Duckworthboats.com with the word “remove” in the subject line. Duckworth also permits you to correct or update Personal Information that you have previously provided to us. To do so, send an e-mail to info@Duckworthboats.com indicating the information that you wish to be corrected or updated.QuestionsQuestions regarding this statement should be directed to the info@Duckworthboats.com