http://www.towlift.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Towlift will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
Thank you for visiting the Towlift web site. Towlift is committed to protecting your privacy and will collect no personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information to us. Such information is securely stored within the Towlift private network. Some information may also be shared with Towlift business partners and other organizations and individuals with which Towlift has established a strategic alliance or other contractual relationship. The primary purpose behind the sharing of information is to better the services being provided to you by Towlift and by the organizations and individuals for which Towlift has established contractual relationships. Information will also be used to improve Towlift sales, marketing, and business development efforts.
How we handle information about your visit to our site
If you read or download information, we automatically collect and store:
the requested web page
the domain from which you access the Internet (e.g. wowway.com)
the date and time you access our site
status of the request (e.g. success or failure)
the type and version of your web browser (Firefox, Explorer, etc.)
the operating system (Windows, Mac, Unix, etc.) of the machine running the web browser
Links & Disclaimer
Our web site has links to many other organizations with their permission. Upon leaving the Towlift web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. Towlift is not responsible for the availability of the systems being linked to and these links are provided to you as a service for you to better understand the different business relationships that Towlift has established.
Back To Top
Contact Us
Contact Towlift by Department
Attention
Please correct the following before continuing:
New Equipment
We carry the best equipment for every application. See our brands.
Used Equipment
Search our on-line inventory of quality used equipment.
Rental Equipment
Large selection. Fast delivery. Reserve your equipment.
Contact Towlift
Name
Company
Address
City
State
ZIP Code
Phone
Email
Comments
I wish to receive future communications from Towlift
Close