http://www.morganmckinley.com/cookies-policy
You are visiting this website from:
Skip to main content
Search
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
Ireland
Japan
Singapore
United Kingdom
Global
Australia
Canada
China
Hong Kong
Ireland
Japan
Singapore
United Kingdom
Global
Search
Main navigation
Employers
Video Conferencing
Find Staff
Expertise
Services
Pricing
Why Us
Jobs
Resources
About
Contracting
Start Hiring
Send US Your CV
Send US Your Resume
Find a Job
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Cookies Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Feedback
Article Category
All SectionsEmployer AdviceJobseeker Advice
- Any -Both
Desktop Menu
EMPLOYERS
VIDEO CONFERENCING
FIND STAFF
EXPERTISE
SERVICES
PRICING
WHY US
JOBS
RESOURCES
ABOUT
CONTRACTING
Start Hiring
SEND US YOUR CV
Send us your resume
Find a Job
Cookies Policy
Policy Scope
So What are Cookies?
Do Cookies Expire?
Types of Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Social Media Cookies
Beacons
Social Media Features
How can you manage cookies?
How else can I manage Cookies?
Change to this Cookies Policy
Effective Date: November 26, 2020
POLICY SCOPE
We want to explain clearly how we use cookies and how you can control them.
Our Cookies Policy describes the different types of cookies and similar technologies that may be applied by the Morgan McKinley Group on our websites. We may change this Cookies Policy at any time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or administrative reasons. If any personal information is collected through our cookies, our Privacy Statement applies and compliments this Cookies Policy.
SO, WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are a standard feature of a website. They allow website owners like ourselves to store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to a website.
Cookies help us learn which areas of a website are useful for users and which need improvement. They also improve the user experience by, for example, remembering your preferences. Cookies also help us present targeted advertisements to you. Your use of Cookies is up to you. You can choose whether to accept them or not by changing your browser settings or by clicking on the relevant opt-out links for the different categories of cookies provided here. You can choose whether to accept them or not simply by changing your browser settings or selecting the relevant opt-out links for the various categories mentioned below. You should be aware that if you disable the Cookies function, your website experience may be reduced and therefore some features may not function as intended.Here at Morgan Mckinley Group, we use a tool called Google tag Manager to manage our cookies efficiently and ensure proper setup.
DO COOKIES EXPIRE?
Cookies expire differently.
Web Pages effectively have no memory. Session cookies are temporary data files which are deleted as soon as you close your browser. If you restart and go back to the website, a new cookie will generate. Therefore, each new user on a page will be treated like a completely new user overall. These cookies enable you to travel through the various pages of a site quickly and efficiently, without having to verify each new ae you visit. Persistent cookies stay in your browser’s subfolders unless you delete them manually or your browser deletes them when they are past their expiry date. A persistent cookie therefore gives a website the ability to remember a user on numerous visits, which therefore enhances the user experience. Some of our cookies can track up to a period of five years. We then use this to measure the performance of our site and generate other general visitor statistics on our site. We can then use this to make the site more efficient to use. The information gathered from these kind of cookies allows us to analyse our visitors and therefore provide a better overall user experience (UX).
TYPES OF COOKIES:
Here at Morgan McKinley, we use both 1st and 3rd party cookies. We do this for a variety of reasons. First and foremost, 1st party cookies are set by the website being visited, whereas 3rd party cookies are set by a seperate server outside the website domain. Technical cookies are required in order for the websites to operate effectively, and these are known as ‘’Strictly Necessary’’ cookies. Other cookies allow us to enhance and improve the functionality and personalization of websites, and these are known as ‘’Functional’’ cookies. Lastly, some cookies allow us and our partners to perform targeted, measured advertisements, and these are known as ‘’Advertising’’ cookies.
STRICTLY NECESSARY COOKIES
These cookies enable you to navigate our websites and to use their services and features.
These cookies in particular are crucial for the website system to operate effectively and cannot be switched off in regards to our website. These cookies are necessary for the websites to function and cannot be switched off within our systems. They generally only occur when a user on the site has performed and action which equals a request for services, e.g - when filling out forms. These cookies strictly don’t store any personally identifiable information.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies but, if you do that, some parts of the website will not work.
TARGETING COOKIES
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
FUNCTIONAL COOKIES
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization.
These cookies may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. These cookies do not directly store personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies some services may not function properly.
PERFORMANCE COOKIES
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Sites.
They help us to know which pages are popular and see how visitors move around the websites. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will be less able to optimize our website performance.
SOCIAL MEDIA COOKIES
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
BEACONS
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website.
Other, similar technologies can be used from time to time such as web beacons - sometimes called ‘’tracking pixels’’ or ‘’clear gifs’’. Essentially, these are tiny graphic files, each of which are uniquely identifiable so that we can recognize when someone visits our sites or opens an email which we have sent to them. Unlike cookies, you can not decline web beacons, however there are ways to stop them from tracking your activity. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our webites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES
We have some social media features like the ‘’Facebook Like’’ button.
These may be used to collect your IP address and also which page you are visiting on our sites. They may also set a cookie so as the feature can function properly. You may also be given the option by such social media features to post information about your activities on our websites to your chosen social media profile. This option is provided by a third party social media provider in order to share with others within your network. These features can either be hosted by a third party or else directly on our sites. Your engagements with these features fall under the company privacy policy of the features provider.
How can you manage cookies?
When you visit our website you can choose to allow all cookies, or manage them through your cookie settings. You have the option of selecting the categories of cookies (except strictly necessary cookies) that you want to allow.
You can update your cookie preferences using the link below:Manage Cookie Settings
HOW ELSE CAN I MANAGE COOKIES?
In addition to the options provided above, you also have the right to refuse or accept cookies from our Sites at any time simply by activating the suitable settings on your browser.
If you need any further information about how to enable or disable cookies then this can be found by accessing your internet browser provider’s website by way of your help screen. You may alternatively wish to access the website http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for more infiormation on the most commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all the features of the Sites may operate as intended. Did you know? You can adjust your cookie preferences by adjusting your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse them altogether. The Help function within your browser should explain how you do this. Alternatively, you may visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org to obtain detailed information on how to prevent cookies from being set on your particular browser.
If you want to clear all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, here are three links where you can download relevant programs that clear out tracking cookies:
http://www.lavasoftusa.com/products/ad-aware_se_personal.phphttp://www.spybot.info/en/download/index.htmlhttp://www.webroot.com/consumer/products/spysweeper/
CHANGES TO THIS COOKIES POLICY
You will sometimes need to recheck this Cookies Statement since it can change from time to time.
We reserve the right to modify this Cookies Policy at any time. We encourage you to review this policy occasionally to stay informed about our use of cookies. Your continued use of this service constitutes your agreement to this Cookies Policy and any further updates.
TOGETHER WE WILL GO BEYOND
Whether you need to find top talent or your next perfect job
opportunity, we can help.
START HIRING
FIND A JOB