https://www.ericsalmon.com/privacy-policy/
Home > Privacy policy
Privacy policy
(A) This Policy
This Policy is provided by Eric Salmon & Partners (“Eric Salmon”, “we” or “us”), and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact, including (but not limited to) Candidates, Participants and Sources (together, “you”). Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (N) below.
For the purposes of this Policy, Eric Salmon is the Controller. Contact details are provided in Section (M) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy. We will notify you of any significant changes.
(B) Processing your Personal Data
Collection of Personal Data: We may collect Personal Data about you, such as your name, address and contact details. Examples of sources from which we may collect Personal Data include the following:
We may obtain your Personal Data when you provide it to us (e.g., when you contact us via email or telephone, or by any other means).
We may collect your Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., if we offer to connect you with our Clients we may collect your Personal Data that is related to such Client opportunities, such as your résumé/CV).
Please note that Eric Salmon offices may share your Personal Data with each other. A full list of Eric Salmon’s offices is available at https://www.ericsalmon.com/offices-contacts.
We may collect Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), to the extent that you choose to make your profile publicly visible).
We may receive your Personal Data from third parties who provide such data to us (e.g., past employers; referees; educational establishments; online CV services and databases; and law enforcement agencies).
We may, with your prior expressed written consent, conduct background checks (including educational checks), in accordance with the protections provided by applicable law.
We may collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit our website (the “Site”) or use any features or resources available on or throughout the Site. When you visit the Site, your device and browser will automatically disclose certain information (such as device type, operating system, browser type, browser settings, IP address, language settings, dates and times of connecting to the Site and other technical communications information), some of which may constitute Personal Data.
Creation of Personal Data: We may also create Personal Data about you, such as records of any interviews you attend. This Personal Data helps us to conduct our operations and manage our workforce.
Personal Data you provide about others: In some circumstances, you may provide us with Personal Data about others. For example, you might act as a Source and provide comments on a Candidate or Participant. Whenever you provide such Personal Data, we rely on you to ensure that you have a lawful basis for providing such Personal Data to us, and that you have complied with applicable law and with the terms of this Policy. If you are unable to do so, please refrain from providing such Personal Data to us.
Relevant Personal Data: The categories of Personal Data about you that we may Process include:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name; gender; date of birth / age; nationality; photograph; marital status; job title; employer entity; department; salary and compensation details; passport number (where applicable); visa number (where applicable); and work authorization number (where applicable).
Contact details: home address; work address; home telephone number; work telephone number; work mobile number; personal mobile telephone number; personal email address; work email address; details of Personal Assistants (where applicable); messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media profile details.
Employment records: dates and details of current and former positions held; details of current and former employers; dates of employment; job titles; job locations; subject matter experience; and details of any employment disciplinary issues or incidents.
Details of referees: details of referees you may provide, including the relationship that you may have with each such referee, and the duration for which you have known each such referee.
Background checks and educational checks: details revealed by background checks conducted in accordance with applicable law and subject to your prior express written consent, including details of past employments, educational degrees, details of residence, credit reference information, and criminal records checks.
Views and opinions: your views on Candidates or Participants, where applicable.
Lawful basis for Processing Personal Data: In processing your Personal Data in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy, we may rely on one or more of the following legal bases:
we have obtained your prior expressed consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way);
the Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you may enter into with us;
the Processing is required by applicable law;
the Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual; or
we have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing, which is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms. Where we rely on this legal basis, our legitimate interests are:
our legitimate interest in the management and operation of our business;
our legitimate interest in the promotion of our business; and
our legitimate interest in the provision of services to our Clients.
Processing your Sensitive Personal Data: We do not seek to collect or otherwise process your Sensitive Personal Data, except where:
the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime;
the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal rights; or
we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your prior explicit consent before processing your Sensitive Personal Data (as above, this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Purposes for which we may Process your Personal Data: The purposes for which we may Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, include:
Executive search and Recruitment activities on behalf of Clients: recruitment operations; advertising Client opportunities; providing services to our Clients; enabling Clients to understand which Candidates are interested in their opportunities; record-keeping; and performing background checks.
Leadership consulting including Executive Assessments: providing leadership consulting services to Clients.
Coaching and mentoring: providing coaching and mentoring services to you and our Clients.
Organisational design: providing organisational design services to Clients.
Provision of services to you: providing our Site and other services to you; attending meetings with you; attending telephone calls with you; and otherwise communicating with you in relation to those services.
Our Site: operating and managing our Site; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; and communicating and interacting with you via our Site.
Training: providing you with training and preparation for interviews.
Newsletters and other marketing communications: subject always to compliance with applicable law, communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) news items and possible opportunities in which you may be interested. Sending invitations to professional events, alone or in conjunction with third party partners of ES&P.
Communications and IT operations: management of our communications systems; operation of IT security; and IT security audits.
Health and safety: health and safety assessments and record keeping; and compliance with related legal obligations.
Financial management: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
Surveys: engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on relevant issues and topics.
Improving our services: identifying issues with existing services; planning improvements to existing services; creating new services.
Future planning: succession and organizational planning, including budgeting.
(C) Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
Please note that Eric Salmon offices may share your Personal Data with each other, for legitimate business purposes (including providing services to you and operating our Site), in accordance with applicable law. We may also share aggregate demographic information with our Clients, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined in this Policy. While we make all reasonable efforts to ensure that such information is anonymized, it is possible that small amounts of your Personal Data may be included.
In addition, we may disclose your Personal Data to:
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
our Clients, for the purposes of providing services to those Clients, in accordance with the provisions of this Policy;
accountants, auditors, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Eric Salmon, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as providers of background checking services), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (C), and in section (D);
any relevant party, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal rights;
any relevant party for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security;
any relevant third party acquirer(s), in the event that we sell or transfer all or any portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation); and
our Site may use third party plugins or content (e.g., social media plugins). If you choose to interact with any such plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party.
If we engage a third-party Processor to process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use appropriate measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data.
(D) International transfer of Personal Data
Because of the international nature of our business, Eric Salmon offices may need to transfer your Personal Data to each other, and to third parties as noted in Section (C) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer your Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located. In particular, your Personal Data may be disclosed by one Eric Salmon office to another Eric Salmon office, to the extent appropriate, in connection with any Client opportunities in respect of which you are a Candidate, or any Leadership Assessment in which you are a Participant.
When we transfer your Personal Data to other countries outside the European Economic Area, we do so on the basis of Joint Controllership Agreement. You may request a copy of our Agreement using the contact details provided in Section (M) below.
(E) Data Security
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of processing, in accordance with applicable law.
You are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us is sent securely.
(F) Data Accuracy
We take every reasonable step to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; and
should parts of your Personal Data, processed by us, be inaccurate (with regard to the purposes for which it is processed) it will be erased or rectified without undue delay.
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
(G) Data Minimisation
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data, processed by us, are limited to the Personal Data required in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy.
(H) Data Retention
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data is only processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Notice. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data are as follows:
(1)   we will retain copies of your Personal Data in a form that permits identification only for as long as:
(a)   we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
(b)   your Personal Data are necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Notice, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where we maintain a copy of your CV for the purposes of providing you with access to opportunities with our Clients, and we have a legitimate interest in processing the personal data in your CV for the purposes of operating our business and providing those services to you),
plus:
(2)   the duration of:
(a)   any applicable limitation period under applicable law (e.g., any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data may be relevant); and
(b)   an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim),
and:
(3)   in addition, if any relevant legal claims are raised, we may continue to process your Personal Data for the additional period necessary to process said claim.
During the periods noted in paragraphs (2)(a) and (2)(b) above, the Processing of your Personal Data will be restricted to the storage thereof. The security of this data will be maintained, with the exception of the necessity to review said data in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Data; or
anonymize the relevant Personal Data.
(I) Your legal rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights regarding the Processing of your Personal Data, including:
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Personal Data that we Process or control;
the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies in your Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds:
erasure of your Personal Data that we Process or control; or
restriction of Processing of your Personal Data that we Process or control;
the right to object, on legitimate grounds, to the Processing of your Personal Data;
the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent; and
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Personal Data with a Data Protection Authority.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
In order to exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, please use the contact details provided in Section (M) below.
(J) Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Site). It records information about your device, your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. We may Process your Personal Data through cookie technology, in accordance with our https://www.ericsalmon.com/cookie-policy
(K) Terms of Use
All use of our Site is subject to our https://www.ericsalmon.com/legal-terms
(L) Your obligations
If, and to the extent that, you are a Candidate or Participant, we rely on you to provide us with complete and accurate Personal Data about you, so that we can provide appropriate services to you and to our Clients.
If, and to the extent that, you are a Source, we rely on you to ensure that you are lawfully able to disclose Personal Data to us, as set out in this Policy.
(M) Contact details
In accordance with Article 56 of the GDPR, Eric Salmon has appointed, for all of its offices, the CNIL (https://www.cnil.fr/) as the lead supervisory authority.
If you have any comments, questions or concerns about any of the information in this Policy, or any other issues relating to the Processing of Personal Data by Eric Salmon, please contact privacy@ericsalmon.com
(N) Definitions
‘Candidate’ means a candidate, or potential candidate, for a position with a Client.
‘Client’ means a client of Eric Salmon.
‘Controller’ means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data are Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
‘Data Protection Authority’ means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
‘Leadership Assessment’ means any leadership assessment service (including, but not limited to, any management audit, leadership consulting service, coaching, team development, team effectiveness analysis, or succession planning) provided by the Controller to the Client for the purposes of assessing the leadership potential of its own Personnel or other individuals selected by the Client.
‘Participant’ means any individual participating in a Leadership Assessment.
‘Personal Data’ means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is identifiable. Examples of Personal Data that we may Process are provided in Section (B)
‘Personnel’ means any current, former or prospective employee, consultant, temporary worker, intern, other non-permanent employee, contractor, secondee or other personnel.
‘Process’, ‘Processing’or ‘Processed’ means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
‘Processor’ means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
‘Sensitive Personal Data’ means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that may be deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
‘Source’ means any person that provides any view or opinion regarding the qualities of any Candidate or Participant, for any purpose, including but not limited to the suitability of a Candidate or Participant for a particular role.
Last updated: 22.05.2020
Site map
Legal terms
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Credits
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are giving consent to cookies being used. Data laws have been changed by May 25, 2018. We have updated our Policies. To find out more about our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy click on these buttons
PRIVACY POLICYCOOKIE POLICYCLOSEPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.