http://www.hsbc.com.au/site-terms/
Top of main content
Site Terms
Terms and conditions for using the HSBC Australia website
HSBC AU
Site Terms
About these Terms
Please read the terms and conditions of use set out below carefully before using this Website (the "Site"). The use of this Site and any transactions conducted on it is governed by these terms and conditions ("Terms") and the Privacy and Security Statement.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms, please email us or call our Direct Banking Centre on 1300 308 008 (or +61 2 9005 8220 from overseas) for more information.
Interpretation
References to "you", "your" and "yours" are references to the person(s) accessing the Site.
References to "we", "us" and "our" are references to HSBC Bank Australia Limited (ABN 48 006 434 162) ("HSBC").
References to "Site" include references to social media channels, pages and accounts HSBC operates.
Acknowledgment and Acceptance of Terms
This Site is owned and operated by HSBC. All our products and services and those of other members of the HSBC Group of Companies are subject to the terms and conditions and disclaimers of the applicable agreement governing their use. These Terms are to be read by you together with such other terms, conditions and disclaimers. In the event of any conflict, the terms, conditions and disclaimers applicable to specific products or services shall prevail over these Terms.
By using this Site, whether browsing or opening an application, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the Terms and agree to be bound by them.
The information and other material provided in the pages of the Site (including the Terms) may be changed at any time without notice by updating this posting. You agree to review the Site regularly and your continued access to, or use of, the Site following any changes will mean that you agree to any changes (including any amended Terms).
No Offer or Advice
The material on this Site contains general information about HSBC products and services. Unless expressly stated otherwise this information does not constitute an offer or inducement to enter into a legally binding contract and does not form part of the terms and conditions for such products and services. All applications for credit are subject to HSBC's normal credit approval criteria.
The information provided on this Site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation. This Site should not be considered as communicating any invitation or inducement to engage in banking or investment activity or any offer to buy or sell any securities or other instruments outside any jurisdiction where HSBC Bank Australia Limited is not licensed or authorised to perform such activities (hereinafter the "Authorised Countries/Regions").
Not all the products and services that you may be able to view via this Site may be available in all geographical locations served by HSBC Group members. You should access only the Local Site(s) associated with your country/region of residence ("Your Local Site"). If you own products that are not discussed on Your Local Site, information about such products may be accessible on this or another HSBC website. Products and services discussed outside Your Local Site may not be available in your jurisdiction of residence or in the Authorised countries/regions and may not be appropriate for you. It is the responsibility of any persons accessing this Site and any information available through this Site to inform himself or herself of and to observe fully the applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. HSBC Group members may decline to provide you with products and services solely based on your country/region of residence.
Products discussed on this Site may not have been registered or authorized by any central bank, governmental or regulatory authority in the Authorised countries/regions or in the country/region of your residence. Accordingly, you may not have the benefit of protection from the securities laws, banking laws and other relevant laws and regulations of your country/region of residence with respect to products or services referred to on or through this Site.
To the extent permitted by law no representation is given that any securities, products, or services discussed in or accessible through this Site are suitable for you or any particular person. You acknowledge that your use of this Site and any requests for information you have made as a result of visiting this Site have not been solicited by HSBC Bank Australia Limited or any of its affiliates and that the provision of any information through this Site is not intended and shall not constitute or be considered investment or financial advice.
Delivery of Documents
By using this Site, whether browsing, opening an application or applying for a product, you agree that we may deliver documents, including but not limited to product disclosure statements and financial services guides by making them available on this Site.
You agree to access and read any such documents prior to using this Site
View all Product Disclosure Statement
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
The following clauses exclude or limit our legal liability for the Site. You should read them carefully. They all apply only so far as the law permits.
Whilst we have taken reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy, currency, availability and completeness of the information contained on the Site, information is provided in good faith on an "as is", "as available" basis and we exclude any representation or warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, to the extent permitted by law, as to the reliability of the information contained on this Site. The information is believed to be accurate and current at the date the information was placed on this Site. To the extent permitted by law we do not accept any responsibility arising in any way (including negligence) for errors in, or omissions from, the information contained in this Site.
The use of the Site is at your sole risk. To the extent permitted by law we shall not be liable for any losses or damages or expenses (including legal costs) whatsoever arising out of or referable to materials on the Site or accessed through the Site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damage.
Unless otherwise stated or agreed with you, the information on this Site has been prepared in accordance with Australian law for residents of Australia and for the supply of products or services in Australia. To the extent that it does not satisfy the laws of the country/region in which you reside or from which you are accessing this Site, it is not directed to you.
We do not represent or warrant that the Site will be available and meet your requirements, that access will be uninterrupted, that there will be no delays, failures, errors or omissions or loss of transmitted information, that no viruses or other contaminating or destructive properties will be transmitted or that no damage will occur to your computer system. You have sole responsibility for adequate protection and back up of data and/or equipment and to undertake reasonable and appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses or other destructive properties.
We make no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy, functionality or performance of any third party software that may be used in connection with the Site.
Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), the Australian Securities and Investment Commission Act (Cth) and similar State and Territory legislation in Australia may confer rights and remedies on you in relation to the provision of services by HSBC which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified ("non-excludable rights"). HSBC does not exclude any of these non-excludable rights, but does exclude all other conditions and warranties implied by custom, law or statute.
HSBC's liability for breach of any non-excludable rights is limited, at the option of HSBC, to the supply of the services again, or the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
Third Party Sites
Where we provide hypertext links to other locations on the Internet, we do so for convenience and information purposes only. We have not verified, and to the extent permitted by law are not responsible for, the content of any other websites or pages linked to or linking to this Site. The inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement, approval or recommendation of the linked website or its content by HSBC and, subject to any applicable law which cannot be excluded, HSBC makes no representation or warranty, expressly implied, regarding the quality, merchantability or fitness for purpose of any products or services available through a third party website. Following links to any other websites or pages is entirely at your own risk and we shall not be responsible or liable for any losses, damages or expenses or in other way in connection with linking.
Links to downloadable software sites are for convenience only and to the extent permitted by law we are not responsible or liable for any difficulties or consequences associated with downloading the software. Use of any downloaded software is governed by the terms of the licence agreement, if any, which accompanies or is provided with the software.
Trade Marks and Copyright
Unless otherwise indicated, copyright in all information and other materials on this Site (including information and its arrangement) is owned by or licensed to HSBC. All rights are reserved. Except as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws, this Site or any portion of the Site may not be reproduced, adapted, distributed, displayed, transmitted or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose that is not expressly permitted by HSBC. You may imprint, copy, download or temporarily store extracts from our Site for your personal information or when you use our products and services. You must not alter anything. In particular you may not use a part of our Site on any other website, or link any other website to our Site, without our prior written permission.
Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting any licence or right of use of any trade mark displayed on the Site without the express written consent of HSBC.
Social Media
HSBC operates channels, pages and accounts on some social media sites to inform, assist and engage with customers. Unless stated otherwise, these are intended for Australian customers. We monitor and record comments and posts made on these channels, pages and accounts about HSBC so that we can improve our services.
HSBC is not responsible for any information posted on those sites other than information we have posted ourselves. We do not endorse the social media sites themselves, or any information posted on them by third parties or other users.
You should ensure that you comply with the Terms and the community rules ("Community Rules"). You agree that you will not engage in any activities related to these sites that are contrary to any laws, regulations, the Terms or the Community Rules. We reserve the right to block your access to, or use of, our social media sites for any reason including, without limitation, when we believe on reasonable grounds that you may be in breach of any laws, regulations, the Terms or the Community Rules.
HSBC doesn't give investment, tax, financial product or other professional advice via social media sites. Before making investment decisions, you should refer to the Site and consider (with or without the assistance of an adviser) the information on the Site having regard to your objectives, financial situation and needs. You should also obtain the disclosure document relating to a product referred to on the Site prior to making any decision about whether to acquire the product.
When you engage with HSBC via social media your personal information may be stored on that social media site's servers, which are outside the control of HSBC and may be outside Australia. Any information posted to such sites may be accessed and read by the general public. It is not an appropriate forum to discuss your products or financial arrangements. HSBC will not ask you to share personal, account or security information via social media sites, and you should not post such information on any of those channels, pages and accounts.
HSBC regularly updates and monitors our social media accounts and welcomes feedback and ideas submitted via these channels. HSBC endeavours to join the conversation whenever possible, however cannot guarantee to read or reply to all messages sent to official HSBC social media accounts.
Emerging themes and helpful suggestions are passed to the relevant people within HSBC for consideration, but no guarantee is made that any proposals will be acted upon.
Twitter
HSBC currently operates the following official Twitter streams in Australia:
@HSBC_AUS
HSBC's following of any other Twitter user or retweeting or sharing of any third-party content does not imply any kind of endorsement.
Users
You agree not to attempt to transfer any material of any kind to this Site which contains a virus, malicious computer code or any harmful component and not to otherwise attempt to alter the content of the Site. You agree that you are wholly responsible for use of the Site by any person using your computer and you agree to ensure that any such person complies with these Terms. You agree to immediately notify HSBC of any unauthorised use of your e-mail address or any other breach of security.
Data Protection and Security
We may as a result of your interaction with the Site hold and process personal information obtained about you when you access the Site. We may use this information for making lending decisions and servicing our relationship with you, for the purposes of fraud prevention, audit and debt collection, to identify products and services which may be relevant to you from both within the HSBC Group of Companies and those selected of third parties, to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing of the Site and for statistical analysis. We may pass this information to other members of the HSBC Group of Companies so that they may do the same and they may pass information held by them about you to us so that we may do the same. We will not disclose any such information outside of the HSBC Group of Companies except for fraud prevention purposes or if obliged by law or a regulator, or by confidential agreement to sub-contractors or people acting as our agents in the performance of the services we provide.
We may also in connection with the above and the provision of the Site transfer your data to countries/regions which may not provide the same level of legal protection under Australian Privacy Principle 8.1. However, all personal data wherever it is held in the HSBC Group or by its sub-contractors or agents will be afforded a high level of protection against any unauthorised or accidental disclosure, access or deletion.
By agreeing to these Terms you agree to such data being so used and that it may be transmitted to others as stated above.
Pricing
All figures displayed on this Site relating to fees, charges, interest and any other amounts are in Australian dollars and are current at the time of issue, but may change at any time.
Termination
These terms and your access to the site may be terminated at any time by HSBC without notice. All restrictions, disclaimers and limitations of liability by HSBC will survive termination.
Governing Law
These Terms are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with the laws of New South Wales, Australia. You agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales, Australia and any courts which may hear appeals from those courts in respect of any proceedings in connection with these Terms or this Site. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a Court of Law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of the Terms which will continue in full force and effect.
HSBC reserves any rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
Moving on
By moving to any other part of this Site you agree that you have read, considered and understood these Terms and will be bound by them. You agree to regularly check the contents of these Terms for amendments, and will carefully read the terms, conditions and disclaimers provided at other parts of this Site.
Contact us
By phone
Call us today and speak with one of our representatives
1300 308 008
Online
Contact us via an online enquiry and live chat
Enquire online