http://www.wmhughes.co.uk/privacy-statement/
William Hughes Group is committed to protecting your privacy. This statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit our website.
It describes the personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use such information and your choices regarding our use of it. The steps we take to protect your personal information and how you can review and correct your personal information are also covered here. By accessing our site or providing us your information when you contact us, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement.
Our legal basis for processing your information – Whenever we process your personal information we have to have something called a “legal basis” to do so. The legal basis we rely on is: Legitimate Interests, i.e. the processing is necessary for us to conduct our business and/or Legal obligation: i.e. we are required to process your personal information by law.
Contacting you – we use your personal information to contact you in relation to any questions you have raised with us or to discuss the status of your order or account with us.
Paying you – we use your personal information to settle accounts or if you are an employee, to pay you. To do these things, we must process your data.
Information collected directly from you – you can visit William Hughes website without entering any personal information, though you may provide some personal information to us when you contact us (e.g., with an enquiry). You may contact us directly by telephone. The personal information we collect or receive may include:
Contact details, such as your name, title, company name and email address, telephone and physical address
Information about your company and job function
Financial information such as credit card or account information
You are not required to provide any of this information, but if you do not, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or complete your transaction.
Information collected automatically – We collect information about your visit to our sites, including what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred and the links you click.
We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and capabilities and language, your operating system, the date and time you access the site and the website from which you linked to one of our sites. We do not combine this standard information with other personal information.
Our use of information – We use your personal information to provide services or carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information on William Hughes products or services, registering purchased products, processing product orders, handling warranty claims, replacing product manuals, answering customer service requests and facilitating the use of our sites.
Communications – We may use your personal information to inform you of products or services available from William Hughes in which you may be interested. You can opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by contacting us using the contact information listed in this privacy statement. Moreover, each promotional e-mail communication we send includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to stop delivery of that type of communication. If you elect to unsubscribe, we will remove you from the relevant list within 10 business days.
Employment Applications – In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a curriculum vitae (CV). We may use this information throughout William Hughes for the purpose of employment consideration. If your application or inquiry is unsuccessful, we will destroy/delete the information you gave us. We will not keep your data.
In addition to the uses listed above, we may use the information we have collected in order to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms & Conditions, violations of law or another misuse of the site.
Our use of cookies and web beacons – Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your hard disk or to your browser’s memory when you visit the William Hughes website. Cookies are useful because they help arrange the content and layout of our sites and allow us to recognize those computers or other devices that have been to our sites before. Cookies do many different jobs, such as allowing our websites to remember your preference settings and helping us to enhance the usability and performance of our sites and your experience using them. When visiting our website you will have the option not store these Cookies.
Disclosure of your personal information – Except as described below, personal information that you provide to us when you contact us, will not be shared outside of William Hughes without your permission.
Disclosure to service providers – William Hughes contracts with other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting website, processing transactions. We provide these companies with only those elements of your personal information they need to deliver those services effectively. These companies and their employees are prohibited from using personal information they receive from William Hughes for any other purpose.
Disclosure in connection with transactions – In connection with certain transactions, we may disclose some or all of your personal information to financial institutions, government entities and shipping companies or postal services involved in the fulfilment of the transaction.
Disclosure for other reasons – We may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual.
Security – William Hughes is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Reviewing your personal information – You can make a request to review and correct your personal information that is collected when you contact us. We may take steps to verify your identity before providing you access to your personal information. You can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your mailing address, phone number or e-mail address.
Consent to international transfers of personal information – The personal information that you provide to us when you contact us may be sent outside of the European Union. Although the laws that protect personal information in those countries may differ from the laws where you live, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our websites or contacting us and giving your information to us, you consent to the transfer of the data outside of your country.
Links to other sites – Our sites may contain links to other websites such as government organizations (for Apprenticeship programmes). We believe we only link to websites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, however we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other websites.
Your rights – You have a number of rights under data protection legislation which, in certain circumstances, you may be able to exercise in relation to the personal information we process about you.
These include:
the right to access a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
the right to correct inaccurate personal information we hold about you;
the right to object to our use of your personal information.
Where we rely on consent as the legal basis on which we process your personal information, you may also withdraw that consent at any time. If you are seeking to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that we will need to verify your identity before we can fulfil any of your rights under data protection law.
Enforcement of this privacy statement/Contact Us – If you have questions regarding this statement or our handling of your personal information, please contact us using the contact information listed below. We will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution. Contact us: Email: privacy@wmhughes.co.uk
Changes to this privacy statement – William Hughes may occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement.
Date Published: 31 May 2018
Information:
How to contact us
Location
United Kingdom:
William Hughes UK Ltd
Station Road
Stalbridge
Dorset
DT10 2RZ
Tel: +44 (0) 1963 363 377
Fax: +44 (0) 1963 363 640
General email: sales@wmhughes.co.uk
Metrology enquiries
Metrology email: metrology@wmhughes.co.uk
Poland:
William Hughes Poland Ltd
Nosag Polska Sp. z o.o.
ul. Dojazdowa 9c
43-100 Tychy
Poland
Tel: +48 32 218 01 72
Email: nosag@wmhughespl.com
Bulgaria:
William Hughes Bulgaria Ltd
Rakovski Industrial Zone
Striama
Plovdiv
4142
Bulgaria
Tel: +359 3263 7007
Fax: +359 3263 7006
Email: sales@wmhughesbg.com
Get directions
Map
William Hughes UK Ltd
Get Directions to our UK site on Google Maps
Nosag Polska
Get Directions to our Poland site on Google Maps
William Hughes Bulgaria Ltd
Get Directions to our Bulgaria site on Google Maps
Email us
United Kingdom:
General email: sales@wmhughes.co.uk
Metrology email: metrology@wmhuges.co.uk
Bulgaria:
Email: sales@wmhughesbg.com
Poland:
Email: nosag@wmhughespl.com
Download our job application form
Please click here to download a job application form in pdf format.
Job application form PDF
Privacy and Cookies
Privacy Statement
Cookie Settings
Privacy Statement
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes