https://www.skodaminotti.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Search the Website
Close Button
Search
Search Icon
Careers
About
Contact
Client Portal
People
Practices
Business Consulting
Human Resources Services
Litigation Advisory Services
Management Consulting
Risk Advisory Services
Strategic Marketing
Talent Acquisition
Valuation Services
Accounting, Audit & Tax Services
Accounting & Audit
Employee Benefits
Outsourced Accounting Solutions
Tax Planning & Preparation
Transaction Advisory Services
Financial Services (Aurum)
Asset & Wealth Management
Financial Planning
Insurance Consulting
Retirement Plan Services
Industries
Industries
Real Estate & Construction
Manufacturing & Distribution
Professional Services
Education
Emerging Companies
Financial Services
Life Sciences
Insurance
Nonprofit
Resources
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
E-books
Events
Newsletter Signup
Search the Website
Close Button
Search
Search Icon
Privacy Policy
Skoda Minotti believes that the responsible use of personal information collected on its Website is critical to its business objectives and reputation. As part of our commitment to privacy, we have adopted this Online Privacy Statement. The extent and type of information we receive from you on our Website depends on the information you provide to us through our contact mailboxes and/or through the registration processes on our site.
We only use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests and to provide you with information about Skoda Minotti services, unless we obtain your permission to use your personal information for other purposes. In addition, "cookies" (i.e. small text files placed on your computer when you first visit the site) may be used on our Website. Most browsers now recognize when a cookie is offered and permit you to refuse or accept it. If you are not sure whether yourbrowser has this capability, you should check with the software manufacturer, your company's technology help desk or your Internet service provider.
Cookies are primarily used to enhance your online experience and are not used to track the navigational habits of identified visitors, unless we obtain your permission to do so. If you visit our sites to read or download information, such as news stories or articles, much of the information we do collect is statistical only (e.g., the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the Website from which you linked directly to our site) and not personally identifiable.We use this information about the number of visitors and their use of the sites in aggregate form to make our site more useful and attractive to you.
The personal information you provide to us will be retained only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected or as required by law. We do not share personal information with third parties except asnecessary to carry out our business or as required by law or other legal processes, and we never sell your personal information.
Skoda Minotti understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an online environment. Our site is not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 13 years. It is our policy never to knowingly collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Skoda Minotti recognizes its responsibility for protecting the online privacy of your personal information. If you have questions or comments about our administration of your personal information, please contact us at info@skodaminotti.com. You may also use this address to communicate any concerns you may have regarding compliance with our Online Privacy Policy.
Marcum
Akron
Cleveland East
Downtown Cleveland
Tampa
People
Practices
Industries
Resources
Careers
About
Contact
Client Portal
Send us a note
Copyright © 2020 Skoda Minotti.          Privacy Policy / Disclaimer