https://www.medavie.ca/en/legal-notice/
×
Englishfrançais
About Us
Mission, Vision, Values
Operations
History
Leadership & Governance
Board of Directors
Leadership Team
Board Evaluation and Development
Commitment to Diversity
Community Impact
Core Causes
Funding Relationships
Grants
Guidelines
Frequently Asked Questions
Medavie Scholarship
Frequently Asked Questions
News
Contact
Legal Notice
Home
Legal Notice
Terms and Conditions of Use
Medavie maintains this website for your personal information, enjoyment and use, subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions below. Please carefully read this notice before you use the site. By accessing and using the site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below without limitation or qualification.
Medavie may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by such revisions and should therefore visit this page to review the current terms and conditions from time to time.
1. DisclaimerMedavie is providing this site and its contents on an “AS IS” basis without representation or warranty of any kind as to the site or its contents, either express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
2. No LiabilityMedavie and its affiliated companies, officers, directors, agents, employees, or any person associated with the creation or delivery of this site, shall not be liable or responsible for any harm, loss or damage (whether arising in contract, tort, negligence or otherwise) that may arise in connection with your access or use of this site, including any direct, indirect, incidental, special, third party, punitive or consequential damages.
3. Use of Site ContentAll site content is for information purposes only. The health information contained in this site is for informational purposes only and is not intended in any way to replace the services of a trained health care professional or to substitute for the medical advice of physicians. If you have, or suspect that you may have, a health problem you should consult with your health care provider.
4. Information AccuracyWhile Medavie uses reasonable efforts to post accurate and up-to-date information on the site, Medavie makes no warranties or representations as to the site’s accuracy. The information found on the site is subject to change at any time without prior notice.
5. Privacy and SecurityWhile Medavie has and will take all reasonable precautions to avoid third persons interfering with the site, or your private information, complete security cannot be guaranteed. Medavie shall not be held responsible or liable for any harm or loss that you or any other person may suffer with connection to any information you input on the site or sent to/from us on the Internet due to a breach of confidentiality, privacy, or security.
6. Hypertext Links are not EndorsementsOther websites that may be accessed from this site, by hypertext links, are entirely independent of this site and do not indicate any approval or endorsement or affiliation of any such site, entity or material contained thereon by Medavie. Medavie is not responsible for the contents of any site linked by hypertexts to its site; your connection to any such linked site is at your own risk.
7. CopyrightAll material on this site is protected under the copyright laws of Canada and in other countries. Medavie either owns the intellectual property rights in the material on this site or has obtained the permission of the owner of the intellectual property in such material to use the material on its site.
You may download material displayed on the site for personal non-commercial use only. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices on downloaded and/or copied material. Any copy of material from the Medavie site which you make and distribute for any purpose must also include the terms and conditions of use for the site. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, use or re-use any of the contents of the site for any public or personal purposes without written consent of Medavie.
8. TrademarksMedavie and its affiliated companies respectively own or are licensed to use all of the trademarks used on or in connection with the goods and services they provide. The trademarks are protected by Canadian and foreign trademark laws. The use and display of trademarks in this site does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted.
9. Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics to track website usage to better understand how visitors use and navigate the website, in order to make improvements. It does not provide Medavie with personally identifiable information. This website has also implemented the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting feature. You can read more about this here and with Google’s Ads Settings, opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads
To Contact Us
Medavie
644 Main Street
PO Box 220
Moncton, New Brunswick
E1C 8L3
Our Mission is to Improve the Wellbeing of Canadians.
Medavie is a health company that oversees Medavie Blue Cross and Medavie Health Services. Together, we’re bringing Canadians better health and access to care.
Visit Website
Visit Website
×