https://www.trustcommerce.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here:HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
1. Information We Collect
TrustCommerce uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site contains a registration form that allows users to give us contact information, such as name and email address. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user company news and information. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.
2. Methods of Use
We will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. TrustCommerce may use your personal information in these ways:
We may share this private information with outside parties to the extent necessary to complete an order or to provide services where the outside party is acting on our behalf and has no independent right to use the information we provide (i.e., a third party shipping or customer support center).
We use aggregate information to better design our website and to share with potential business partners. For example, we may tell a potential partner that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of people from a certain zip code purchased certain items, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
We may contact you as needed regarding order status or about products or specials we think you may be interested in. You may request to not receive these notifications.
We use return email addresses from your email correspondence to us to answer the email we receive. Such addresses from your correspondence are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we do not use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without providing you an opportunity to tell us not to allow such unrelated uses.
3. Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information from our online from those we know are under the age of 13.
4. Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We value your feedback. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.
TrustCommerce is a PCI Compliant Service Provider | Copyright ©2020 TrustCommerce | All Rights Reserved | Website Design By Incitrio
Speak with Sales
For more information on TrustCommerce,
contact a Solutions Consultant via the form below.