https://www.massif.com/privacy/
Home
Privacy
MASSIF PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy, with an effective date of December 2019, covers the treatment of personally identifiable information collected by Massif (“We” “us” or “our”) online or on our website (“Site”) when you: (1) register or apply for an online account, (2) access the Site online, (3) place an order, (4) opt-in to any Massif subscriptions, or (5) otherwise request information about products from Massif electronically (collectively, “Online Activities”).INFORMATION WE GATHER AND USES OF INFORMATIONThe Site or Massif may collect personal information during your Online Activities. Personal information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, and IP address. Payment card information may be collected at time of purchase. Massif never stores payment card information. We may share personal identifiable information about you to other companies or people when Massif: (1) has your consent to share the information, (2) needs to share your information to provide the information, newsletter, product or service you have requested or (3) must respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process. Non-personal identifying information may be shared with third parties such as Google Analytics in order to help us better understand how our customers use our Site. Massif will not sell your personally identifiable information to any third party.The Company gathers personal information mainly to communicate with you and to process your orders, including product fulfillment, order status, payments, and returns/exchanges. We also may use your information to help us improve our products and customer service (such as by responding to your feedback), to conduct research (such as garnering your input about our products’ performance). Other information we gather may include information you provide to us associated with employment applications and/or hire.For residents of California, California law permits customers who are residents of California to request information about their personal information collected by Massif, if any. More information and full text of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 may be found here: https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billTextClient.xhtml?bill_id=201720180AB375 If you would like to request information about your personal information collected by Massif, update or correct information previously provided to us, please contact us as indicated below in the “CONTACTING US” section.  Upon your written request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information, and/or make updates/corrections as requested. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.For individuals in the European Union (“EU”), our processing (i.e. use) of your personal data is justified on the following legal bases:the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request; the processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation; the processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using applicable data to conduct and develop our business activities; or you have consented to the processing. This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, including EU residents, Additional information on our privacy practices with respect to EU residents in particular can be viewed here: EU Rights SummaryHOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU?We collect information through our Website, emails, mail, fax, telephone, and mobile devices including when you:visit our Website and use our Service, place an order, participate in our surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations, and engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users. The information may be provided directly to us by you when placing an order or participating in a survey, etc., or, as is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, device information, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends and administer the Website. This information may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or is otherwise cancelled.ADVERTISEMENTS, LINKS, AND THIRD PARTY SITESMassif does not control the privacy policies of third parties, advertisers, sponsors of other sites, or other businesses, even if the Site may provide hyperlinks or other access to their web sites. Massif is not responsible or liable for such third parties’ policies and practices which are independent of Massif. The owners of any unrelated web sites, such as third party online retailers, advertisers, or web sites that link to the Site, may collect personal information directly from you. The information policies and practices of these unrelated parties are not covered by this policy. Please note that when you voluntarily disclose personal information in emails, blogs or other online resources, any of that disclosed information may be collected by others.COOKIESThis site may utilize cookies. A cookie is a small text file that a website can place on your computer hard drive in order to collect information about your activities and your IP address used on the website. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you have the option to change your browser to decline them. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Site’s essential features, such as your stored shopping cart, we recommend that you leave them turned on. The cookies on our Site are not used to identify anonymous site visitors. Our cookies enable you to proceed smoothly through our Site and enable us to know whether you have visited our Site before to eliminate some steps directed to new visitors. The information the cookies collect does not typically contain any information that identifies a user, but information we store may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.CHILDREN'S PRIVACYMassif does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 years of age. Children can access many parts of the Site and its content and use many of its features without providing us with personally identifiable information. However, some content and features require us to collect certain information, including personally identifiable information. In addition, we use certain technologies, such as cookies, to automatically collect information from our users (including children) when they visit or use the Site. If you learn of any submission of personally identifiable information to the Site that may be subject to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, or the California Online Privacy Protection Act as pertains to minors, please contact us as soon as possible and request the removal of such information.SECURITYMassif uses the industry standard encryption protocol known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to keep your information secure. Massif has taken every reasonable precaution to fully protect all personally identifiable information by using a secure 128-bit encryption online ordering system. When you enter a secure page, you will see the SSL Secured (128 Bit) icon at the top of your browser (a padlock or similar image depending on your browser). This icon signifies that, for your safety, any personally identifiable information you enter online is encrypted. Your connection is secure if the beginning of the web address in your web browser begins with https://. Traditionally, a web address begins with “http”. The added “s” stands for secured. Use your browser’s Certificate information option (see browser help file on how) to verify the Site’s current security statusBROWSER COMPATIBILITYIf you get an error message telling you that you need a browser that supports 128-bit encryption, you must upgrade your browser. See your browser help files for more information.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYAs our business and services evolve, this policy may be revised. We reserve the right to amend this policy at any time, for any reason. Any updated privacy policy will be posted on this website.UPDATING YOUR INFORMATIONIf you are a registered user of our website, click on the “REGISTER + LOG IN” button located in navigation bar at the top of every page to modify your profile or subscriptions. You can always contact us at info@massif.com or call us at 888-4-Massif with any requests or changes.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYAll content included or otherwise embedded or incorporated on this Site, including without limitation, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Massif, its licensors or suppliers and protected by intellectual property laws, and may not be used without our express written permission. All marks not owned by Massif that appear on this Site are the property of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.CONTACTING USIf there are any questions regarding this policy, you may contact us using the information below:www.massif.comMassif498 Oak StreetAshland, OR 97520USAinfo@massif.comTelephone: 541-488-0801