https://www.allweatherwindows.com/privacy-policy/
AW COMMERCIAL
About UsCareersCommunityEnergy EfficiencyNews
PROVINCE: TX | CHANGE
BC | BRITISH COLUMBIAAB | ALBERTASK | SASKATCHEWANMB | MANITOBAON | ONTARIOQC | QUEBECNB | NEW BRUNSWICKNS | NOVA SCOTIAPE | PRINCE EDWARD ISLANDNU | NUNAVUTYK | YUKONNT | NORTHWEST TERRITORIESNL | NEWFOUNDLAND &AMP LABRADOR
Search Term
Windows
Doors
Glass
The Pros
Service
Where to Buy
Contact
About UsCareersCommunityEnergy EfficiencyNews
BROWSE BY OPERATING STYLE
Awning
Bay, Bow
Casement
Fixed
Hung
Picture
Sliders
BROWSE BY MATERIAL
Acrylic Wrap
Aluminum Clad PVC
PVC
LET US HELP
Use our style guide to help you make your choice. »
Acrylic Wrap BrochureWindows CatalogueWarranty InformationCare & MaintenanceInstallation Instructions
BROWSE BY DOOR TYPE
Entry Doors
Folding Doors
Garden Doors
Patio Doors
BROWSE BY MATERIAL
PVC
Smooth Fibreglass
Steel
Woodgrain Fibreglass
LET US HELP
Use our style guide to help you make your choice. »
MAKE AN ENTRANCE
Explore our new line of modern and contemporary doors.
MORE INFO
Pre-Painted & Stained DoorsExterior Door CatalogueDesign and Inspiration CatalogueCare & MaintenanceWarranty InformationInstallation Instructions
OUR SERVICES
CARE & MAINTENANCE
WARRANTY INFORMATION
Service Request
REQUESTING SERVICE FOR YOUR PRODUCT IS NOW EASIER THAN EVER.
GET STARTED
Industries
You are a Contractor
You are a Dealer
You are a Builder
You are an Architect
Products
Product Specifications
Installation Instructions
Download Window CatalogueDownload Doors Catalogue
BACK
MENU
Home / Privacy Policy
RELATED CONTENT
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy
At All Weather Windows we value trust. Our goal is to protect personal information provided to us as if it were our own. Our Privacy Policy demonstrates our commitment to preserving your privacy as it relates to the collection, use and disclosure of information. We are committed to ensuring your information is accurate, confidential and secure. This Policy sets out our privacy practices with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, personal information encompasses any information that is personally identifiable to you and may be readily attained through reasonably available sources. Personal information may include your name, e-mail address, phone number and mailing address but does not apply to an individual’s business address or business telephone number.
In order to comply with various provincial and federal laws in Canada that govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, All Weather Windows is focused on ensuring that we abide by privacy laws and make information about our management of personal information available upon request.
This Privacy Policy applies to All Weather Windows Ltd., its affiliates, and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as “All Weather Windows”) and to any person providing goods or services on behalf of All Weather Windows.
Collection
All Weather Windows only collects the personal information that All Weather Windows needs for the purposes of providing services to our customers and to marketing to potential customers.  All Weather Windows uses my personal information to help All Weather Windows do marketing analysis. All Weather Windows will not disclose this information to anyone else except for any consultant it hires to help do the marketing analysis.
Use
All Weather Windows uses your personal information for a variety of purposes including delivering requested products and services; providing warranties for products and services; contacting you about appointments; following up with you to determine satisfaction with products and services; notifying you about upcoming events of interest; granting credit; customizing, measuring and improving our products and services, and advertising; and telling you about our products and services, and promotional offers. All Weather Windows may disclose your personal information to third parties for the purposes of marketing research or marketing on behalf of All Weather Windows.
Consent
All Weather Windows asks for consent to collect, use or disclose customer personal information, except in specific circumstances where collection, use or disclosure without consent is authorized or required by law (such as asking All Weather Windows to contact you about a certain product).
In cases that do not involve sensitive personal information, All Weather Windows may rely on “opt-out” consent whereby you are deemed to have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information unless you opt-out. For example, where you have provided a name, telephone number or email when requesting a company representative contact you or requesting promotional materials. All Weather Windows may collect, use and disclose this information according to this policy unless you request that we do not do so checking the appropriate box, or by contacting us at the address or email address set out below and asking All Weather Windows to stop using your personal information for certain purposes.
All Weather Windows will never sell or lease to any third party any personal information that you provide without your permission unless we are required to do so by law.
You may withdraw your consent to the use and disclosure of personal information at any time, unless the personal information is necessary for us to fulfill our legal obligations. We will respect your decision, but we may not be able to provide you with certain products and services if we do not have the necessary personal information.
Security
All Weather Windows recognizes the importance of privacy and confidentiality and to maintain the highest standard of care, your personal information is kept in a secure environment by All Weather Windows. However, even though All Weather Windows has implemented methods designed to ensure the protection of your personal information, data that is transmitted over the Internet is not guaranteed to be completely confidential. Consequently, we bear no liability for the use that may be made of the information by you or any third party.
Website
If you use our website, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and understand the scope and limitations of the protections provided.
Contests and Surveys
All Weather Windows occasionally runs contests and surveys that request information from users. Participation and disclosure of personal information is voluntary. Contact information will be used to notify winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used on an aggregated (not individually identifiable) basis only, for purposes of evaluating programs offered by All Weather Windows.
External links from our website
Our website may contain links to other websites. All Weather Windows does not assume any responsibility for the privacy practices, policies or actions of third parties.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
All Weather Windows reserves the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time to time by posting the amended terms on our website. We will ensure that any changes to this Privacy Policy comply with privacy laws in effect in Canada.
Questions or Complaints
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security. Should you require any further information or have any comments, questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer by email at privacy@allweatherwindows.com or by mail All Weather Windows, Head Office, 18550-118A Avenue, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, T5S 2K7.
CLOSE
© 2020. All Weather Windows Ltd.