http://www.roadmastercases.co.nz/info/privacypolicy
Site Privacy Policy (as of 5 August 2016)
Roadmaster Cases Limited is committed to protecting your privacy. We understand how important your personal information is to you, and want you to
know that we take very seriously the security of that information.
Roadmaster Cases Limited complies with the Privacy Act 1993 regarding how we collect, use, disclose, store and give access to personal information.
Information we may collect
You may choose to provide us with relevant information about yourself, such as your name and address, email contact and telephone numbers,
when, for example, you make a purchase from us. It is also possible that we may collect other personal information when you visit our website,
such as your activity on this site, the name of your Internet service provider, or the name of the web page directing you.
If you choose to pay for your purchases by credit card, your credit card details are not stored in Roadmaster Cases Limited systems
and cannot be accessed by our staff. Your credit card details are encrypted (and securely stored should you choose this convenience feature)
by a PCI DSS compliant payment gateway provider. You should review that provider's privacy policy to ensure you are happy with it.
Cookies and similar technologies: we use cookies and similar technologies to allow our website to provide a high level of usability. Security of your information is also improved by the use of cookies. Some browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. However this may have a negative impact on the functionality of our website.
What is the collected information used for
Your information is collected to assist us in improving our service to you. It allows us to :
process your transactions in a timely and efficient manner
develop our website to be more responsive and user friendly to our customers
administer your account
conduct credit and other checks, for our own internal purposes (such as risk management, staff training and billing)
inform you of new and existing products and services offered by Roadmaster Cases Limited and selected third parties from time to time
How we protect your information
As required by the Privacy Act 1993, we follow strict procedures when storing and using the information you have provided.
We do not use personal information that was obtained in connection with one purpose for any other purpose, unless authorised by you.
We do not sell or provide your personal information to others.
What to do if you wish to change your details or do not wish to be contacted any more
You have the right to update your personal details at any stage. You can amend the details of your account registration by logging
in on our website and accessing the appropriate maintenance screen. You can contact us via our contact email address for assistance
with amending these or any other of your details. To opt out of any communications from us, please contact us via our contact email address. Our contact details are provided in the bottom left-hand corner of most of our web pages.
How can you contact us with questions or concerns about our privacy policy?
Please feel free to contact us at
online@roadmastercases.co.nz.
This policy may be updated from time to time
Roadmaster Cases Limited reserves the right to change this Policy at any time, and any amended Policy is effective upon posting to
this Website. Roadmaster Cases Limited will make every effort to communicate any significant changes to you via email or notification
via this website. Your continued use of this website will be deemed acceptance of any amended Policy.
Last updated: 20 January 2018