http://www.resumepower.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Advanced Career Systems, Inc., a New York corporation and owner of the brand ResumePower.com, respects and protects the privacy of visitors to our website, https://resumepower.com. This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit, contact us, or make a purchase from https://resumepower.com (the “Site”).
By accessing and using our Service, you signify your acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any aspect of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue access to the Site or use of our services.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and cookies that are installed on your device. As you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, the websites or search terms that referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
When filling out our contact form, you are asked to provide contact information (such as name, e-mail, and mailing address) and career-related information (e.g., occupation, career level, and goals). You are also invited to upload a copy of your resume, CV, cover letter, or other career-related document that you would like us to review. The Site does not sell or distribute any information that you provide on the contact form. We refer to this information as “Contact Form Information.”
When you make a purchase, or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, PayPal user name), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy refers to Device Information, Contact Form Information, and Order Information.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
We use Contact Form Information for the sole purpose of determining the best services for your needs and providing information about our products and services as requested on the form.
We use the Order Information that we collect to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
– Communicate with you;
– Screen orders for potential risk or fraud; and
– Provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services based on information that you have shared with us.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us understand how our visitors and customers use the Site. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how visitors are referred to the Site and interact with the Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
We may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Except as described above for the purpose of understanding how customers interact with the site, we will never sell, rent, or loan any Personal Information to any third party.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS EXPLAINED
Residents of some countries, including residents in the European Economic Area, have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, deleted, restricted, or transferred. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. Where such rights apply, we will comply with requests to exercise these rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us via any of the contact methods below.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, we note that we are processing your information to fulfill orders you have placed through the Site, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices or if you have any questions, please contact us by any of these methods:
Email: info@resumepower.com
Mail: 145 Clove Rd, Staten Island, NY 10310
Phone: (215) 794-9527
Get Started
Services
Contact
Learn More About Us
About
Info sheet
Our samples
Our clients say
FAQs
Resume writing articles
Contact
Send a message
Connect
Copyright © 1995-2020 ResumePower.com. All rights reserved. Terms | Privacy