http://www.fsirivet.com/legal/terms-and-conditions
Home
FSI Products
Government / Aerospace
Industrial / Commercial
Aeroland Supply
SKO's (Sets, Kits, Outfits)
Pop Rivets & Specialty Fasteners
Product Lines
FSI NSN List
Resources
Operating Videos
Repair Videos
Tool Manuals
Distributors
Contact
Shop
Tools
Rivets
(800) 344-2393
FSI | Fastening Systems International
Home
FSI Products
Government / Aerospace
Industrial / Commercial
Aeroland Supply
SKO's (Sets, Kits, Outfits)
Pop Rivets & Specialty Fasteners
Product Lines
FSI NSN List
Resources
Operating Videos
Repair Videos
Tool Manuals
Distributors
Contact
Shop
Tools
Rivets
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions:
Fastening Systems International, Inc www.fsirivet.com owns and operate this Website. This document governs your relationship with fsirivet.com. Access to and use of this Website and the products and services available through this Website are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices. By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of this Website.
This Website may contain links to other websites which are not operated by fsirivet.com . Fsirivet.com has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.
Prohibitions
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offense; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person's proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as "spam"; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offense and fsirivet.com will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content (including photographic images) made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of fsirivet.com or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by fsirivet.com and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order, you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price. Dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.
In order to contract with fsirivet.com you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. fsirivet.com retains the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by email and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be fsirivet.com or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party fsirivet.com is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order, you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
(a) Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order: this email will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us will not be formed until we send you confirmation by e-mail that the goods which you ordered have been dispatched to you. Only those goods listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
(b) Pricing and Availability
While we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund. Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the 'Total Cost'.
(c) Payment
Upon receiving your order, we carry out a standard authorization check on your payment card to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil the transaction. Your card will be debited upon authorization being received. The monies received upon the debiting of your card shall be treated as a deposit against the value of the goods you wish to purchase. Once the goods have been dispatched and you have been sent a confirmation email the monies paid as a deposit shall be used as consideration for the value of goods you have purchased as listed in the confirmation email.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law. fsirivet.com and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Website or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect fsirivet.com 's liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Disclaimer as to ownership of trade marks, images of personalities and third-party copyright.
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trademarks and content, services and/or locations featured on this Website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with fsirivet.com and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trade marks/names featured on this Website are owned by the respective trade mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to fsirivet.com .
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless fsirivet.com , its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this Website or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
Fsirivet.com shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Website.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and [Your Online Store URL]. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of fsirivet.com .
Privacy Policy:
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for fsirivet.com . This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing:
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control over Information:
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you?
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Our Terms
Terms: Net 30 Days on approved credit only. Approved credit cards. Prepaid via check or wire transfer.
No C.O.D. Shipments
Freight: Origin Shipping Point: International Customers Please Note: All international shipments will be shipped freight collect on your account or charges will be determined once the order is ready to ship complete.
You will have the option to provide your shipping account info on our secure checkout page.
Currency: All prices are in US dollars.
Overseas Customers: Same as above only prepayment via bank wire transfer (all fees for buyers account) or by bank check.
Returns: Return authorization is required. Merchandise must be sent freight prepaid to the facility from which it was purchased. A 20% restocking charge is applicable. All claims must be made within thirty (30) days of receipt of goods.
Special Orders: All special orders may require prepayment.
Warranty
If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with any item purchased from us, you may request a return authorization within thirty (30) days of receipt of goods. When obtained, send us the item (transportation prepaid) for replacement, repair or refund. Tools sold by fsirivet.com are warranted for one (1) year from date of purchase. We cannot assume liability for abuse, misuse or alteration of goods. Any tampering with tools or attempted repairs of same will nullify this warranty. In order to request a return for credit, all tools, tool parts or fasteners must be in new, unused and in resalable condition in original packaging with all parts and operating/user manuals included. Credit to be issued contingent upon receipt of goods and inspection at fsirivet.com stocking warehouse. Tools that are considered as "special" orders are subject to a restocking charge. Warranties from other manufacturers are available upon request. For further inquiry, contact sales@fsirivet.com.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
Contact
P.O. Box 13721206 E. Mac Arthur StSonoma, CA 95476USAPhone: (707) 935-1170USA: (800) 344-2393Fax: (707) 935-1828
To Contact Us (800) 344-2393.
Privacy Policy
| Shipping Policy
| Terms and Conditions
| Returns
© 2017 Fastening Systems International, Inc. All Rights
Reserved.
Site by TRADEMARK 5150 INC..