http://www.reproplaster.co.uk/pages/terms-conditions-1
Home
Products
Sale Items
Arches & Pillars
Ceiling Plates
Ceiling Roses
Corbels
Feature Enrichments
Panel Mouldings
Plaster Cornices
Wall Friezes
Niches
Showroom
Arch System
Fitting
Our Craft
Domestic Repairs
Decorative Plaster Restoration
Our Standard Product Range
Customer Testimonials
Case Studies
Architects & Designers
Bespoke Designs
Trump Turnberry
Login
Register
Your cart is currently empty!
Terms & conditions
This page (together with our Privacy Policy tells you information about us and the legal terms and conditions (Terms) on which we sell any of the products (Products) listed on our website (our site) to you.These Terms will apply to any contract between us for the sale of Products to you (Contract). Please read these Terms carefully and make sure that you understand them, before ordering any Products from our site.  Please note that before placing an order you will be asked to agree to these Terms. If you refuse to accept these Terms, you will not be able to order any Products from our site.We amend these Terms from time to time. Every time you wish to order Products, please check these Terms to ensure you understand the terms which will apply at that time. These Terms were most recently updated in May 2019.These Terms, and any Contract between us, are only in the English language.1.    INFORMATION ABOUT US1.1    We operate the website www.reproplaster.co.uk   We are Reproduction Plaster Company Ltd, a company registered at Company House under company number SC082802 and with our registered office and main trading address at Period House, 5 Campsie Road, Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, G66 1SL.  Our VAT number is 369 1749 11.1.2    Contacting us if you are a consumer:To cancel a Contract in accordance with your legal right to do so as set out in clause 7, you just need to let us know that you have decided to cancel, e-mail us at hello@reproplaster.co.uk  to request a cancellation of your order, we will e-mail you to confirm we have received your cancellation. Cancelling an order within 48hrs of placing the order will incur no fees, after this time a 20% restocking fee will apply. If you wish to contact us for any other reason, including because you have any complaints, you can contact us by telephoning our office on 0141 776 1112 or by e-mailing us at hello@reproplaster.co.uk . If we have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by e-mail or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to us in your order.1.3    Contacting us if you are a business. You may contact us by telephoning our office at 0141 776 1112 or by e-mailing us at hello@reproplaster.co.uk . If you wish to give us formal notice of any matter in accordance with these Terms, please see clause 19.32.    OUR PRODUCTSThe images of the Products on our site are for illustrative purposes only. Although we have made every effort to display the colours accurately, we cannot guarantee that your computer's display of the colours accurately reflect the colour of the Products. Your Products may vary slightly from those images.3.    HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe only use your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.  Please take the time to read our Privacy Policy as it includes important terms which apply to you.4.    IF YOU ARE A CONSUMERThis clause 4 only applies if you are a consumer.4.1    If you are a consumer, you may only purchase Products from our site if you are at least 18 years old.5.    IF YOU ARE A BUSINESS CUSTOMERThis clause 5 only applies if you are a business.5.1    If you are not a consumer, you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use our site to purchase Products.5.2    These Terms and our Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersedes and extinguishes all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings between us, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter.5.3    You acknowledge that in entering into this Contract you do not rely on any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (whether made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in these Terms or our Privacy Policy.5.4    You and we agree that neither of us shall have any claim for innocent or negligent misrepresentation or negligent misstatement based on any statement in this Contract.6.    HOW THE CONTRACT IS FORMED BETWEEN YOU AND US6.1    Our shopping pages will guide you through the steps you need to take to place an order with us. Our order process allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting your order to us. Please take the time to read and check your order at each page of the order process.6.2    After you place an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order.  6.3    If we are unable to supply you with a Product, for example because that Product is not in stock or no longer available or because we cannot meet your requested delivery date or because of an error in the price on our site as referred to in clause 11.5, we will inform you of this by e-mail and we will not process your order in so far as it relates to that Product. If you have already paid for the Product, we will refund you the full amount including any delivery costs charged as soon as possible.7.    OUR RIGHT TO VARY THESE TERMS7.1    We amend these Terms from time to time. Please look at the top of this page to see when these Terms were last updated and which Terms were changed.7.2    Every time you order Products from us, the Terms in force at the time of your order will apply to the Contract between you and us.7.3    We may revise these Terms as they apply to your order from time to time to reflect the following circumstances:changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements; andchanges in the way we operate our business.7.4    If we have to revise these Terms as they apply to your order, we will contact you to give you reasonable advance notice of the changes and let you know how to cancel the Contract if you are not happy with the changes. You may cancel either in respect of all the affected Products or just the Products you have yet to receive. If you opt to cancel, you will have to return (at our cost) any relevant Products you have already received and we will arrange a full refund of the price you have paid, including any delivery charges.8.    YOUR CONSUMER RIGHT OF RETURN AND REFUNDThis clause 8 only applies if you are a consumer.8.1    If you are a consumer, you have a legal right to cancel a Contract under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013 during the period set out below in clause 8.3. This means that during the relevant period if you change your mind or decide for any other reason that you do not want to receive or keep a Product, you can notify us of your decision to cancel the Contract and receive a refund. Advice about your legal right to cancel the Contract is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.8.2    However, this cancellation right does not apply in the case of:any Products made to your specification or which are clearly personalised for you; orany Products which become mixed inseparably with other items after their delivery.8.3    Your legal right to cancel a Contract starts from the date of the Order Confirmation (the date on which we e-mail you to confirm our acceptance of your order), which is when the Contract between us is formed. Cancellation of orders will be accepted by email to hello@reproplaster.co.uk within 48hrs of order confirmation, cancellations after this time will incur a 20% restocking fee. We will e-mail you to confirm we have received your cancellation. You can also contact us by post to Reproduction Plaster Company Ltd, Period House, Unit 1, 5 Campsie Road, Kirkintilloch. G66 1SL. If you are emailing us or writing to us please include details of your order to help us to identify it. If you send us your cancellation notice by e-mail or by post, then your cancellation is effective from the date you send us the e-mail or post the letter to us.8.4    We will refund you on the credit card or debit card used by you to pay. 8.5    If a Product has been delivered to you before you decide to cancel your Contract:(a)    then you must return it to us without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days after the day on which you let us know that you wish to cancel the Contract. You can either send it back or return it to us in-store; (b)    unless the Product is faulty or not as described, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products to us. 8.6    Because you are a consumer, we are under a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformity with this Contract. As a consumer, you have legal rights in relation to Products that are faulty or not as described. These legal rights are not affected by your right of return and refund in this clause 8 or anything else in these Terms. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.9.    DELIVERY9.1    We will contact you with an estimated delivery date, which will normally be within 10 – 15 working days after placing your order. Occasionally our delivery to you may be affected by an Event Outside Our Control. See clause 19 for our responsibilities when this happens.9.2    Delivery of an Order shall be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you gave us or you or a carrier organised by you collect them from us and the Products will be your responsibility from that time.9.3    You own the Products once we have received payment in full, including all applicable delivery charges.11.    PRICE OF PRODUCTS AND DELIVERY CHARGES11.1    The prices of the Products will be as quoted on our site at the time you submit your order. We take all reasonable care to ensure that the prices of Products are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. However please see clause 11.5 for what happens if we discover an error in the price of Product(s) you ordered.11.2    Prices for our Products may change from time to time, but changes will not affect any order you have already placed.11.3    The end price of a Product includes VAT. (where applicable) at the applicable current rate chargeable in the UK for the time being. However, if the rate of VAT changes between the date of your order and the date of delivery, we will adjust the VAT you pay, unless you have already paid for the Products in full before the change in VAT takes effect.11.4    The price of a Product does not include delivery charges. For UK mainland delivery charges will be calculated during the checkout process and displayed. For non UK mainland delivery, please use the website Quote Request system or contact us on 0141 776 1112 or by email at hello@reproplaster.co.uk 11.5    Our site contains a large number of Products. It is always possible that, despite our reasonable efforts, some of the Products on our site may be incorrectly priced. If we discover an error in the price of the Products you have ordered we will contact you to inform you of this error and we will give you the option of continuing to purchase the Product at the correct price or cancelling your order. We will not process your order until we have your instructions. If we are unable to contact you using the contact details you provided during the order process, we will treat the order as cancelled and notify you in writing. Please note that if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mispricing, we do not have to provide the Products to you at the incorrect (lower) price.12.    HOW TO PAY12.1    You can only pay for Products using a debit card or credit card. We accept the following cards: Maestro, Visa, Visa Electron, Mastercard.12.2    Payment for the Products and all applicable delivery charges is in advance.13.    INSPECTION OF GOODS AND DAMAGE YOUR ATTENTION IS PARTICULARLY DRAWN TO THIS CLAUSE 13.1     On delivery of the Products by us (or our nominated carrier), you must: inspect the Products for any defects, missing parts or items, damage, anything unsatisfactory in respect to the quality of the Products and to ensure that the Products are as described; andnotify us pursuant to clause 1.2 (if you are a consumer) or 13.3 (if you are a business) of any such defects, missing parts or items, damage, unsatisfactory quality or mis-description of the Products, within a reasonable period of time from completed delivery of the Products to you (in accordance with clause 9.3 of this Contract), provided always that you inspect the Products for delivery damage and as our products are often delivered to working sites we will only consider replacement of damaged goods reported within 24 hours of receipt.  In the event that there is evidence of damage to the Products delivered, the Products must be signed for and the damage noted on the delivery note by the person signing for the Products. Where damage caused by delivery is discovered after completed delivery, any damaged Products and packaging must be retained by you for subsequent inspection as part of any claim for the damage as notified to us.  13.2     In the event that you fail to comply with clause 13.1, you are deemed to: have accepted the Products as delivered; andagree and acknowledge that the Products conform in all aspects to the quality and description as provided by us,  And you shall not be entitled to claim any refund, exchange or return in respect of the Products.    13.3     This clause 13 shall not apply to any latent or inherent defects that would not have been apparent on a reasonable inspection of the Products.  Nothing in this clause 13 shall prevent a consumer from cancelling the Contract under clause 8.14   OUR WARRANTY FOR THE PRODUCTS14.1    For Products which do not have a manufacturer's guarantee, we provide a warranty that on delivery and for a period of 12 months from delivery, the Products shall be free from material defects. However, this warranty does not apply in the circumstances described in clause 14.214.2    The warranty in clause 14.1 does not apply to any defect in the Products arising from:fair wear and tear;wilful damage, abnormal storage or working conditions, accident, negligence by you or by any third party;if you fail to operate or use the Products in accordance with the user instructions;any alteration or repair by you or by a third party who is not one of our authorised repairers; orany specification provided by you. 14.3    If you are a consumer, this warranty is in addition to, and does not affect, your legal rights in relation to Products that are faulty or not as described. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.15.    OUR LIABILITY IF YOU ARE A BUSINESSThis clause 15 only applies if you are a business customer.15.1    Nothing in these Terms limits or excludes our liability for:death or personal injury caused by our negligence;fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;breach of the terms implied by Consumer Rights Act (title and quiet possession); ordefective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.15.2    Subject to clause 15.1, we will under no circumstances whatever be liable to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising under or in connection with the Contract for:any loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;loss or corruption of data, information or software;loss of business opportunity;loss of anticipated savings;loss of goodwill; orany indirect or consequential loss.15.3    Subject to clause 15.1, our total liability to you in respect of all losses arising under or in connection with the Contract, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, shall in no circumstances exceed the price of the Products.15.4    Except as expressly stated in these Terms, we do not give any representation, warranties or undertakings in relation to the Products. Any representation, condition or warranty which might be implied or incorporated into these Terms by statute, common law or otherwise is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. In particular, we will not be responsible for ensuring that the Products are suitable for your purposes.16.    OUR LIABILITY IF YOU ARE A CONSUMERThis clause 16 only applies if you are a consumer.16.1    If we fail to comply with these Terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of these Terms or our negligence, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if it is an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time we entered into this contract.16.2    We only supply the Products for domestic and private use. You agree not to use the product for any commercial, business or resale purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.16.3    We do not in any way exclude or limit our liability for:death or personal injury caused by our negligence;fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;any breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (title and quiet possession);any breach of the terms implied by section 13 to 15 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (description, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and samples); anddefective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.17.    EVENTS OUTSIDE OUR CONTROL17.1    We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations under a Contract that is caused by an Event Outside Our Control. An Event Outside Our Control is defined below in clause 17.2.  17.2    An Event Outside Our Control means any act or event beyond our reasonable control, including without limitation strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war, fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster, or failure of public or private telecommunications networks or impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport.17.3    If an Event Outside Our Control takes place that affects the performance of our obligations under a Contract:we will contact you as soon as reasonably possible to notify you; and our obligations under a Contract will be suspended and the time for performance of our obligations will be extended for the duration of the Event Outside Our Control. Where the Event Outside Our Control affects our delivery of Products to you, we will arrange a new delivery date with you after the Event Outside Our Control is over.17.4    You may cancel a Contract affected by an Event Outside Our Control which has continued for more than 30 days. To cancel please contact us. If you opt to cancel, you will have to return (at our cost) any relevant Products you have already received and we will refund the price you have paid, including any delivery charges.18.    COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN US18.1    When we refer, in these Terms, to "in writing", this will include e-mail.18.2    If you are a consumer you may contact us as described in clause 1.2.18.3    If you are a business:Any notice or other communication given by you to us, or by us to you, under or in connection with the Contract shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, sent by pre-paid first class post or other next working day delivery service or e-mail.A notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been received: if delivered personally, when left at our registered office; if sent by pre-paid first class post or other next working day delivery service, at 9.00 am on the second business day after posting or if sent by e-mail, one business day after transmission. In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.The provisions of this clause shall not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal action.19.    OTHER IMPORTANT TERMS19.1    We may transfer our rights and obligations under a Contract to another organisation, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these Terms. We will always notify you in writing or by posting on this webpage if this happens.19.2    You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms to another person if we agree in writing. However if you are a consumer and you have purchased a Product as a gift, you may transfer the benefit of our warranty in clause 14 to the recipient of the gift without needing to ask our consent.19.3    This Contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms, whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or otherwise. However, if you are a consumer, the recipient of your gift of a Product will have the benefit of our warranty at clause 14, but we and you will not need their consent to cancel or make any changes to these Terms.19.4    Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.19.5    If we fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms, or if we do not enforce our rights against you, or if we delay in doing so, that will not mean that we have waived our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If we do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that we will automatically waive any later default by you.19.6    If you are a consumer, please note that these Terms are governed by Scottish law. This means a Contract for the purchase of Products through our site and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by Scottish law. You and we both agree that the courts of Scotland will have non-exclusive jurisdiction. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of England, you may also bring proceedings in England.19.7    If you are a business, a Contract and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland.19.8    If you are a business, we both irrevocably agree that the courts of Scotland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with a Contract or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
Scroll To Top