http://www.bercoamerica.com/en/legal-notes
unknown title Legal Notes | Berco Group
Legal notes
Berco S.p.A. (Berco) is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us. In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we treat information about you that we may receive from this Web site. The information provided for you below is based on General Data Protection Regulation (UE) no. 2016/679 – Protection of physical individuals with regard to the processing of personal data. Information collected
In general, you can visit this Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. In addition, there are portions of this Web site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request. The information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone, fax number, or e-mail address. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our products or services to children.
Use of collected information
Domain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site. When other information is collected from you, such as your name and e-mail address, we will always let you know at the time of collection how we will use the personal information. Usually, we use the personal information you provide only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request (such as to receive electronic brochures/catalogues or to be added to our marketing database). You are under no obligation to provide these data, but if you don’t, you won’t be able to take advantage of the above functions and services and nor will you be able to access or receive the information given to those who do provide the data. The personal data requested by Berco, which the user agrees to provide, are saved in a dedicated Berco databank where they will be processed in full compliance with the above mentioned Regulation. This information may be shared with other Berco businesses, but only if necessary to fulfill your request or for related purposes. We may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to provide services for us. These companies – our vendors – are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide. We do not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third-parties for their marketing use. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud). If you register with Berco online, we may use this information to provide you with custom information about Berco’s offerings in support of your business needs. A technology called cookies may be used to provide you with tailored information. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Berco does not use any other type of hidden detection and tracking technologies or coding in its web pages.
Each specific data treatment is the object of a specific “Information” in compliance with General Data Protection Regulation (UE) no. 2016/679 and available on Berco website.
Links to other sites
Berco’s web site may contain links to other sites such as berco subsidiaries, dealers and sales affiliates. while we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.
Security of collected information
We maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. the processing related to the web services on this site takes place at berco and we restrict access to information about you to those berco workers who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request, or to other specified personnel that have been assigned the role of database administrator. workers who misuse personal information are subject to disciplinary action. the controller of the personal data processing is berco s.p.a., with registered office at via 1° maggio no. 237, 44034 copparo (fe) italy.
Access to collected information
You can withdraw your consent for the use and/or processing of your personal data provided via this website at any time. in general, as regards the processing of his/her personal data, the user enjoys all the rights stated in articles from the 15th to the 21st of the decree. these rights can be exercised by contacting our data security & privacy service (see below).
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please send an email to the following email address bercoprivacy@thyssenkrupp.com. we welcome your questions and suggestions about our privacy policy.
Policy changes
Please check this privacy policy periodically to inform yourself of any changes. All Privacy Policy changes and updates will be promptly posted on our web site.
Cookie Policy
Berco S.p.A., a company with registered office at Copparo (FE), 44034, via I Maggio, 237, (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), - Telephone (+39) 0532 864111, Telefax (+39) 0532 864259, provides here below information relating to the operation of cookies within the website https://www.berco.com (hereinafter also referred to as the “Website”), also pursuant to the Provision of the Italian Data Protection Authority entitled “Identifying a simplified procedure for giving privacy notices and obtaining consent to the use of cookies” dated 8 May 2014 (hereinafter also referred to as the “Provision”).
a) What cookies are
Cookies are short fragments of text (letters and/or numbers) which allow the web server to store on the client (the browser) information that can be used again during the same visit to the site (session cookies) or at a later time, even days apart (persistent cookies). Cookies are stored, based on Users’ preferences, from a single browser on the specific device being used (computer, tablet, smartphone).
Cookies are useful because they enable a website to recognise the User’s device. They have different purposes such as, for example, enabling an efficient browsing of pages, remembering preferred websites and, in general, improving the browsing experience. They also ensure that any advertising contents viewed online are more targeted to the User and its interests. On the basis of the function and purpose of use, cookies can be broken down into technical cookies, profiling cookies, third parties’ cookies. This website uses only technical cookies and third parties’ cookies.
Based on the characteristics and use of cookies, different categories can be identified:
1. Technical cookies.
Technical cookies are used for the only purpose of transmitting communications within an electronic communication network, or to the extent the information expressly requested by the subscriber or User is strictly necessary for a provider of a Company service to provide that service. They are not used for other purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or manager of the website. They can be broken down into browsing or session cookies, that ensure a normal browsing and use of the website; cookie analytics, that are considered technical cookies where used directly by the website manager to collect information, in an aggregate form, on the number of Users and on how they visit the website; functional cookies, that enable User to browse on the basis of a series of criteria selected to improve the service provided thereto.
The prior consent of Users is not necessary to install those cookies.
These cookies can be disabled and/or deleted through browser settings. All modern browsers allow for changing cookie settings. Normally, these settings can be found under "options" settings or “preferences” of User’s browser. To understand these settings, the following links could be helpful. Or it is possible to use the “Help” option in the browser for more detailed information.
Setting of cookie in Internet Explorer
Setting of cookie in Firefox
Setting of cookie in Chrome
Setting of cookie in Safari and iOS
Should the use of cookies be blocked, the service offered to User through the website will be limited, thus influencing the website browsing experience.
Below, for every technical cookie used, the following information is stated: name, purpose of use and retention period.
_ga
plus
minus
Name: _gaPurpose: Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the websiteProvider: berco.comExpiry: 1 yearType: HTTP Cookie
_gid
plus
minus
Name: _gid
Purpose: Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Provider: berco.com
Expiry: Session
Type: HTTP Cookie
2. Third party profiling cookies.
While browsing, User could also receive on his terminal cookies of different websites or web servers (the so-called “third party” cookies: this happens because such elements as, for example, images, maps, sounds, specific links to web pages and other domains that reside on websites different from that where the requested page is located could exist. In other words, the aforementioned cookies have been set up directly by the managers of websites or servers other than the Website itself. These third parties might, in theory, set up cookies while you are visiting the Website and thus obtain information about the fact that you have visited the Website of Berco S.p.A.
You will find more detailed information on the use of cookies by accessing the link indicated https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/. If User decides not to consent to the use of third parties’ cookies, only the functions of the Website can be used, that do not require the use of any such cookies.
Below the name, purpose, the name of the third party which maintains the information and the related link to the website of that third party are reported for each third parties’ cookie present on the website.
3. Google Analytics
The website also includes a number of components transmitted by Google Analytics, a web traffic analysis service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Also in this case these are third parties’ cookies, anonymously collected and managed to monitor and improve the performance of the host website (performance cookie).
Google Analytics uses cookies to collect and analyse in an anonymous form the information on website use behaviour (including User’s IP address). This information is collected by Google Analytics, which processes it to draw up reports on the activity of the websites. This site uses the Google analytics tool to monitor or collect personal or identification data. Google does not associate the IP address to any other data held by Google, nor does it try to link an IP address with any User’s identity. Google may also disclose that information to third parties where so required by the law or where any such third parties process the aforementioned information on behalf of Google.
Reference is made to the below stated link for more detailed information: https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/ User may selectively disable the action of Google Analytics by installing on its browser the opt-out option provided by Google. To disable the Google Analytics action, reference is made to the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Who we are
Berco S.p.A., with registered office at Copparo (FE), 44034, via I Maggio, 237, (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), in carrying out its activity, pays great attention to security and confidentiality of its customers’ personal data.
The Company is therefore the Controller of personal data collected on this web site.
Your personal data that may be collected
The following categories of personal data about you can be collected:
Contact details – information on the name, place and date of birth, tax code, address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, email address.Use of the web site – information on how you use the web site, how you open or forward our communications, including information collected through cookies (you can find our privacy notice on Cookies here which governs any details thereof).
How we collect your personal data
The Company collects and processes your personal data in the following circumstances:
if you register with our web site to use its functions;if you contact us to request after-sales services;if you respond to our marketing campaigns and enter your data in our website.
If you provide any personal data on behalf of other subjects, first of all you shall make sure that data subjects have acknowledged this Privacy notice.
We invite you to help us keep your personal data up to date, and inform us of any change thereof.
Purposes for which your personal data can be used
Personal data processing shall be legitimated by any of the legal conditions provided for by current regulations on protection of personal data as specified below.
a) Compliance with requests legally binding to fulfil any legal, regulatory or judiciary measure requirements, and to defend any rights in court.a) Operating management and purposes strictly connected thereto for accessing the website.
The Company collects your Contact details and Data on Use of the web site to enable you to access your Personal Area and download documents relating to the services you have purchased in your Personal Area.
Basis for processing: fulfilment of contractual obligations.
Providing your Data is mandatory to meet your requests; failure to do so will prevent us from meeting your requirements.
b) Marketing to meet your requirements.
The Company may process your Contact details for marketing and advertising communication purposes, aimed to inform you of sales promotion initiatives or market research and statistical surveys, where you give us your specific consent and within the limits set out in the related contact formula.
Basis for processing: consent; failure to give your consent shall not affect contractual relationships.
You may choose to withdraw your consent at any time, by sending an email to the following address noauthorization.berco@thyssenkrupp.com.
c) Compliance with requests legally binding to fulfil any legal, regulatory or judiciary measure requirements, and to defend any rights in court.
The Company collects your Contact details to fulfil any legal obligations and/or defend any of its rights in court.
Basis for processing: law obligations, which the Company is required to fulfil.
How we keep your personal data safe
The Company adopts a wide range of security measures to improve protection and maintain the security, integrity and availability of your personal data.
All your personal data is stored in our safe servers (or safe hard copies) or in those of our suppliers or business partners, and can be accessed and used on the basis of our standards and security policies (or equivalent standards of our suppliers or business partners).
How long shall your data be retained
We retain your personal data for the time necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was collected or for any other legitimate purpose connected thereto. Therefore if personal data is processed for two different purposes, we shall retain such Data until the purpose with the longer term shall be achieved, however we shall no longer process personal data for those purposes whose retention period no longer applies.We limit access to your personal data solely to those who need to use it on legitimate grounds.Your personal data which is no longer necessary, or for which no legal grounds for retention exist anymore, is irreversibly anonymised (and in that form it can be retained) or safely deleted.
Data Retention Period is reported below on the basis of the different purposes stated above:
a) Fulfillment of contractual obligations, operating management purposes and purposes strictly connected thereto for access to the website: Data processed to fulfil any contractual obligation may be retained for the entire term of the agreement or else for no longer than 10 years thereafter.
b) Marketing purposes: Personal Data processed for marketing purposes may be retained for 24 months after the date on which we have received your last consent for that purpose (unless you objected to receiving further communications).
c) In the case of disputes: where it is necessary for us to defend from, act or raise claims against you or third parties, we might retain your personal data for the time we shall deem reasonably necessary for those purposes, for the entire period in which any such claims can be pursued.
With whom your personal data can be shared
Your personal data can be accessed by employees duly authorised, and by appointed external providers, if necessary, in charge of processing, which provide support with the provision of services.
We invite you to contact us at the e-mail address bercoprivacy@thyssenkrupp.com, if you wish to view the list of data processors and other parties to which your Data is disclosed.
Contacts
Contact details of the Company, such as the Data Controller, are:
Data Controller: Berco SpA – Via Primo Maggio, 237 – 44034 Copparo (FE) – Telephone: (+39) 0532 864111 – Fax: (+39) 0532 864259 – Legal Mail : berco@legalmail.it.
If you wish to ask any questions on the processing of your personal data by us, you may use the following email address: bercoprivacy@thyssenkrupp.com, or call us at (+39) 0532 864111, and ask for the manager in charge of the Legal Support function.
Your rights on data protection and your right to raise claims before the data protection supervisor
On certain conditions, you are entitled to request to the Company:
access to your personal data,copy of the personal data you provided to us (the so-called portability),correction of Data we hold,erasure of any information for which we have no legal basis for processing,objection to processing where permitted by any applicable lawwithdrawal of your consent, where processing is based on your consent;limitation to the manner in which your personal data is processed, to the extent permitted by regulations on protection of personal data.
Exercising the aforementioned rights is subject to a number of exceptions aimed at protecting the public interest (for example prevention or identification of crimes) and our interests (for example keeping professional secrecy). Should you exercise any of the aforementioned rights, it shall be our duty to verify that you are legally entitled to any such exercise and shall give you our feedback, normally, within one month.
If you have any complaints or reports on your Data processing method we will endeavour to respond to your concerns. However, if you so wish, you may address your complaints or reports to the Data Protection Authority, using the relevant contact details: Garante per la protezione dei dati personali (Italian Data Protection Authority) - Piazza di Monte Citorio, 121 - 00186 ROME - Fax: (+39) 06.69677.3785 - Telephone: (+39) 06.696771 - E-mail: garante@gpdp.it - Certified e-mail address: protocollo@pec.gpdp.it.