http://www.fantastictools.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Javascript is disabled on your browser.
To view this site, you must enable JavaScript or upgrade to a JavaScript-capable browser.
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.Agree + Dismiss
My Account Register
Login
My Account
Your Store
Your cart is empty
Chat NowMon-Fri 8-4:30 PST
Tools Automatic Taping ToolsAutomatic Taping Tools Taping Tool Set Specials Automatic Tapers Continuous Flow Drywall Tools Flat BoxesMore Automatic Taping ToolsAngle HeadsCorner RollersCorner FlushersAngle BoxesCompound TubesCompound ApplicatorsNail SpottersLoading PumpsGoosenecksBox FillersFlat Box HandlesAngle Head HandlesExtendable HandlesTool CasesTaping Tool AccessoriesCorner Bead ToolsCorner Bead Tools Corner Bead Rollers Corner Bead Hoppers Bullnose Transitions Corner Bead Mud HeadsMore Corner Bead ToolsCorner Bead FasteningCorner Bead Finishing ToolsDrywall MaterialsDrywall Materials Corner Tape Drywall Adhesives Drywall Fasteners Drywall Repair PatchesMore Drywall MaterialsFiberglass Mesh Drywall TapeJoint TapeCorner Caps & ConversionsMud AdditivesDust BarrierFraming & Hanging ToolsJobsite LightingLeather GoodsMasking ProductsPainting ToolsSanding ToolsSanding Tools Drywall Abrasives Drywall Sanding Power Pro Packs Drywall Vacuums Power SandersMore Sanding ToolsPole SandersHand SandersDust BarriersDust MasksExtension PolesScaffoldingScrew Guns & RoutersStiltsTaping & Finishing ToolsTaping & Finishing Tools Taping Knives Mud Pans Joint Putty Knives Wipedown KnivesMore Taping & Finishing ToolsBanjosPainter's Corner RollersCorner TrowelsDarbies & SmoothersHawksJoint Tape DispensersMud Mixing ToolsScrub BrushesTool BagsTrowelsTexturing ToolsTexturing Tools Drywall Patch Guns Hopper Guns Knockdown Knives Texture BrushesMore Texturing ToolsTexture RollersTexture SprayersTexture Masking SuppliesGear & ApparelGlovesBooks & VideosReplacement PartsReplacement Parts TapeTech Taping Tools Parts Drywall Master Parts Columbia Taping Tools Parts AMES Continuous Flow Bazooka PartsMore Replacement PartsBanjo Repair PartsBetter Than Ever Replacement PartsBlueLine USA PartsCinta ToolsDelko PartsDeWalt Replacement PartsDL Ripper PartsDura-Stilt Drywall Stilt PartsFestool PartsFLEX Replacement PartsGRACO PartsHopper Gun Repair PartsLaco Replacement PartsLevel 5 PartsPorter Cable PartsRedtail Replacement PartsSur-Stilt PartsTapeWorm Taping Tool PartsTelpro Panellift PartsBench PartsSafetyNew ItemsSale Shop By Brand
Parts
Contact Us
Track Your Order
Call (800) 929-0927 ChatMon-Fri 8-4:30 PST
Home
Privacy Policy
Last Update: February 3, 2020AMES Taping Tools (“AMES Taping Tools”, “we” or “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your Personal Information. AMES Taping Tools has created this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to inform you how AMES Taping Tools collects, stores, uses and protects your Personal Information.This Policy applies to all Personal Information collected about you by AMES Taping Tools when you do any of the following (collectively, the “Services”): (i) visit AMES Taping Tools stores, (ii) communicate with us during any written, electronic, and oral communications, or (iii) access or use our website https://amestools.com/ (the “Site”), features or content owned or operated by AMES Taping Tools that link to this Policy.Use of this Site is subject to our Terms and Conditions, which you can view here: https://amestools.com/terms-conditions/ (“Terms and Conditions”) and this Policy. Please read the Terms and Conditions and this Policy carefully before you use our Services. By using our Services, you accept the Terms and Conditions and accept our privacy practices described in this Policy. If you do not feel comfortable with any part of this Policy or our Terms and Conditions, you must not use or access our Services.We may update our Policy from time to time. When we change the Policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our Site along with the updated Policy for 30 days, and we may also notify you in writing, which may or may not be by email. After 30 days the change will become effective.1. Personal Information We CollectWe collect Personal Information when you use our Services, create an account with us or submit Personal Information to us. Personal Information is any information that relates to you, identifies you personally or could be used to identify you, such as your user ID, name, email address, phone number, address and payment account number (together “Personal Information”). The types of Personal Information that we may collect about you include, but are not limited to:a) Information You Provide to UsWe collect information you give us when you use our Services. For example, when you open a credit account with us, we may ask your name, street address, email address, date of birth, social security number, driver license number and federal tax ID. When you sign up for a training or promotions, we may collect your name, email, phone, company name and address. When you pay your bills using our Services, we collect your payment card information as well as billing details. We may also collect your Personal Information in connection with employment at AMES Taping Tools that you leave at our Site.b) Information About Your Use of Our ServicesWe may collect information about your use of the Services. For example, we may collect:Device information, such as your hardware model, IP address, other unique device identifiers, operating system version and settings of the device you use to access the Services. We use such information for diagnostic and statistical purposes and to administer the Site.Site usage information regarding customer traffic patterns and Site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve this Site and to provide AMES Taping Tools customers with a better user experience.Cookies – we may also use “cookies” to store your preferences to make your use of the Site more productive.c) Information You Provide to Our Affiliates and SubsidiariesWe may get your Personal Information from a company controlled by or under common control with AMES Taping Tools.2. Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesCookies are small files used by many websites that reside on your computer’s hard drive and store information about your use of a particular site. The cookies that are configured by our Site do not contain any personally identifying information, such as your name or sensitive information, such as your credit card number.a) How We Use CookiesGenerally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes:to make our Services function properly;to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our Services;to collect passive information about your use of our Services;to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns;to help us improve our Services; andto remember your preferences for your convenience.b) Types of Cookies on Our ServicesWe use the following types of cookies on our Services:Strictly Necessary Cookies – These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our Services. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas on our Services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes. This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work and they cannot be disabled.Functional Cookies – We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences on our Services. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing. While these cookies can be disabled, this may result in less functionality during your use of our Services.Performance or Analytic Cookies – These cookies collect passive information about how you use our Services, including webpages you visit and links you click. We use the information collected by such cookies to improve and optimize our Services. We do not use these cookies to target you with online marketing. You can disable these cookies.Third-Party Cookies – These are cookies that are provided by third-party service providers and belong in one of the cookie categories described above. These third-party providers process your Personal Information on our behalf pursuant to our instructions and obligations consistent with this Policy.c) Google AnalyticsAMES Taping Tools uses Google Analytics to collect information about the effectiveness of our Services. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, text files stored on your computer, to learn about how people use our Site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html/ and the Google Privacy: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can prevent your information from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.d) Other Tracking TechnologiesTo see how our Site is performing we sometimes use conversion pixels, which fire a short line of code to tell us when you have clicked on a particular button or reached a particular page (e.g. a thank you page once you have completed the procedure for subscribing to one of our services or have completed one of our forms). We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Site. The use of a pixel allows us to record that a particular device, browser, or application has visited a particular webpage.e) Your ChoicesYour browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser cookies. You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser. You can exercise your preferences in relation to cookies served on our Site by taking the steps outlined below:First-Party Cookies – You can enable, disable or delete our cookies through the browser you are using to access our Services. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” settings). Please note, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access secure areas of our Services and parts of the Services may not work properly for you. You can find more information about how to change your browser cookie settings at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.Third-Party Cookies – Modern browsers also allow you to block third-party cookies using the steps described above.f) Do Not TrackSome browsers have incorporated Do Not Track (“DNT”) preferences, but our Services do not respond to DNT signals at this time because we do not track your activities across the internet and off of our Services.3. How We Use Your Personal InformationWe will only use your Personal Information as described in this Policy or as disclosed to you prior to such processing taking place.a) To Provide You Our ServicesWe will use your Personal Information to provide information or perform Services that you request. If the applicable information is to be provided or Service is to be performed by a third party, then we will disclose the applicable information to the third party providing the information or performing applicable Services. Your information may be available or provided to third-party service providers and contractors (such as the Site webmaster) that are contractually obligated to protect your information as disclosed in this Policy.b) For Internal UseWe will use your Personal Information for the purposes of furthering our business, including analyzing your information and other uses. We may monitor how our users use our Site including without limitation search terms entered, pages visited and documents viewed. This information may be stored with an IP address. This information is used solely for purposes of enabling us to provide you with a personalized Site experience. Aggregated forms of this data may also be used for research purposes in order to develop new products and identify future features and functions to develop for the Site.c) To Provide You with Service-Related CommunicationsWe will send you administrative or account-related information to keep you updated about your account and the Services. Such communications may include information about policy updates, confirmations of your account actions or transactions, security updates or tips or other relevant transaction-related information. We process your contact information to send you such communications. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You are not able to unsubscribe from such communications, otherwise you may miss important developments relating to your account or the Services.d) To Provide Customer Support or Respond to YouWe collect any information that you provide to us when you contact us, such as with questions, concerns, feedback, disputes or issues. Without your Personal Information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.e) To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms and Agreements or PoliciesWhen you access or use our Services, you are bound to our Terms and Conditions and this Policy. To ensure you comply with them, we process your Personal Information by actively monitoring, investigating, preventing and mitigating any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services. We also process your Personal Information to: investigate, prevent or mitigate violations of our internal terms, agreements or policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and business partners; and, as applicable, collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your Personal Information for such purposes.f) To Ensure the Security of the ServicesWe care about keeping you secure and safe while using our Services. Keeping you safe requires us to process your Personal Information, such as your device information, activity information and other relevant information. We use such information to combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; improve and enforce our security measures; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not gain access to your information. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your Personal Information for security purposes.g) To Maintain Legal and Regulatory ComplianceOur Services are subject to certain laws and regulations which may require us to process your Personal Information. For example, we process your Personal Information to pay our taxes, to fulfill our business obligations, ensure compliance with employment and recruitment laws or as necessary to manage risk as required under applicable law. Without processing your Personal Information for such purposes, we cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements.h) To Engage in Marketing ActivitiesMarketing lets us grow our community and update you about new products and services. We process your contact information or information about your interactions on our Services to: send you marketing communications and keep you updated about our products and services; provide you with information about events, training sessions or other materials; and deliver targeted marketing to you. See Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section of this Policy for more information about tracking techniques we use for our marketing campaigns).4. Disclosure of Your Personal InformationWe may disclose your Personal Information as described below.a) Within Our Corporate OrganizationAMES Taping Tools is a part of a corporate organization that has many legal entities, business processes, management structures and technical systems. AMES Taping Tools may share your Personal Information with this organization in order to provide you with the Services and take actions based on your request.b) Affiliated BusinessesAMES Taping Tools works closely with affiliated businesses. Our affiliated businesses will identify themselves to you at the time of data collection. As permitted by law or your consent, your Personal Information related to a transaction with an affiliated business is shared with that affiliated business.c) Mergers and AcquisitionsCircumstances may arise where for business reasons, AMES Taping Tools decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize its businesses in the United States or some other country. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of Personal Information to prospective or actual purchasers and/or receiving such information from sellers.d) Third PartiesWithin our Services, you can share your Personal Information with third parties. Please be aware that once you share information, we are no longer in control of how such information may be used. For example, when you open a credit account with us you may authorize third parties to use your account and tools, thereby granting these third parties access to your Personal Information.e) Our Business PartnersWe may share your Personal Information with our business partners to be able to provide you our Services and support. These business partners may engage additional companies to be able to support us. These companies may use your Personal Information only to assist the business partners in communicating with you about the Site and to help business partners in assisting us with operating the Services. Such companies do not have any independent right to use or disclose your Personal Information except as we request.f) To Maintain Legal and Regulatory ComplianceUnder certain circumstances, Personal Information may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants or orders. As permitted by law, we will try to inform you of such a disclosure prior to providing our response.g) To Protect You, Us or OthersWe may share your Personal Information if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure would protect your interests or rights or the interests or rights of others, including AMES Taping Tools and its personnel.h) Aggregated InformationWe may share certain aggregated demographic information with our business partners regarding the users of the Site. Aggregated demographic information is the consolidation of information relating to multiple natural persons and therefore cannot be traced back to a specific person.5. Third Party Links to Other Sites on the ServicesThis Site may contain links to third party websites operated by organizations not affiliated with AMES Taping Tools. We do not review or endorse, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of these organizations. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit. This Policy applies solely to information collected by AMES Taping Tools.6. Security PrecautionsWe take precautions to protect data and information under our control from misuse, loss or alteration. Our security measures include industry-standard physical, technical and administrative measures to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information, to maintain data accuracy, to ensure the appropriate use of information, and otherwise safeguard your Personal Information.Please recognize that protecting your Personal Information is also your responsibility. We ask you to be responsible for safeguarding your password, secret questions and answers and other authentication information you use to access our Services.7. Retention of Your Personal InformationAs permitted by applicable law, you may delete your account by sending a request to delete your account to privacy@amestools.com. However, your deletion request may be limited as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements or to protect the rights and interest of others. We will try to fulfill your request without undue delay.While retention requirements can vary by country, we generally apply the retention periods noted below. Please contact us if you have any questions about our retention periods.a) Marketing Data StorageWe store your contact information for as long as you are still subscribed to our Services. When you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we will add your contact information to our suppression list to ensure we respect your unsubscribe request.b) Activity Data StorageWe may store activity data and your Personal Information after the closure your account for the establishment or defense of legal claims, audit and crime prevention purposes.c) Storage of Telephone RecordsWe may record our calls with you for call quality purposes. As required by applicable law, we will inform you that a call will be recorded before doing so.d) Cookie and Other Web Behavior Data StorageWe retain any information collected via cookies, clear gifs, flash cookies, webpage counters and other technical or analytics tools up to one year from expiry of the cookie or the date of collection.8. Access and Modification of Your Personal InformationAny users that have signed up for an account with our Services may contact us to review, update or correct Personal Information we have on file. For questions about your Personal Information on our Service, please contact us at privacy@amestools.com. We will respond to reasonable inquiries without undue delay. Before we can act on your requests to ensure the security of your account, we may ask you to verify your identify.9. ChildrenOur Services are not directed to children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any child under the age of 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will take steps to delete such information from our files.10. California Privacy RightsThis section applies only to California residents. Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), below is a summary of the Personal Information categories, as identified and defined by the CCPA (see California Civil Code section 1798.140 (o)), that we collect, the reason we collect your Personal Information, where we obtain the Personal Information, and the third parties that we share your Personal Information.a) Personal Information Categories We CollectWe generally collect the following categories of Personal Information about your when you use our Services:identifiers such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device’s IP address, software, and identification numbers associated with your devices;commercial information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you;Internet or other electronic information regarding you browsing history, search history, the webpage visited before you came to our Site, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information;your geolocation, to the extent you have configured your device to permit us to collect such information;audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law; andinferences about your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitudes.We generally do not collect protected classifications about our users, biometric information, professional or employment-related information, or education-related information. For more information about the Personal Information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to sections 1 and 2 above.b) Purposes for Processing Personal Information Under the CCPAWe collect your Personal Information for the business purposes described in sections 2 and 3. The CCPA defines a “business purpose” as the use of Personal Information for the business’s operational purposes, or other notified purposes, provided the use of Personal Information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the Personal Information was collected.The following activities are considered “business purposes” under the CCPA: auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, and auditing compliance with laws and other standards; detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; performing services on behalf of the business, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information; repairing errors that impair existing intended functionality; Internal research for technological development; verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of, and improving, upgrading, or enhancing, a service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by the company.c) Third Party SharingThe categories of third parties with whom we may share your Personal Information are listed in section 4 above.d) CCPA Privacy RightsIf you are a California resident, you have rights in relation to your Personal Information; however, your rights are subject to certain exceptions. For instance, we cannot disclose specific pieces of Personal Information if the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the Personal Information, your account with us or the security of our network systems.Right Against Discrimination – You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right to know, delete or opt-out of sales.Right to Know – You have the right to request in writing: (i) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, address, email address, that a business has disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (ii) the names and addresses of all such third parties. In addition, you have the right to request: (i) the categories of personal information we have collected about you, (ii) the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, (iii) the business or commercial purpose for the information collection, (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we have shared personal information, and (v) the specific pieces of personal information we hold about an individual. You have the right to request a copy of the specific Personal Information we collected about you during the 12 months before your request.Right to Delete – You have the right to request us delete any Personal Information we have collected from you or maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.To assert your right to know or your right to delete your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@amestools.com or by phone at 1-800-241-2771. To verify your identity, we may ask you to verify Personal Information we already have on file for you. If we cannot verify your identity from the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.Right to Opt-Out of Selling – The CCPA broadly defines “personal information” and “selling” such that sharing identifiers linked to you for a benefit may be considered a sale. You have the right to opt-out of having your Personal Information sold. We do not sell your Personal Information. However, in 2019, we were sharing identifiers and inferences about you with our business partners in such a way that, under the CCPA, may be defined as selling. As noted above, you have the right to know the categories of Personal Information that we sold about you and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information.e) Shine the Light LawIf you are a California resident you may request a notice from us describing what categories of Personal Information (if any) we have shared with third parties, including our corporate affiliates, for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. You may request such notice once a year and free of charge. To request a notice, please email us at privacy@amestools.com. In your request, please specify that you want a “California Privacy Rights Notice.” We will respond to you with thirty (30) days or as permitted by law.11. International TransfersWhen you access or use our Services, we may transfer your Personal Information to countries in the world where AMES Taping Tools conducts business. Such countries may be located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located and may have data protection laws that are less protective than the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside. In such countries, AMES Taping Tools will still handle your Personal Information in the manner describe herein. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the Services.Individuals located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom or Switzerland at the time they access our Services, please see section 12, below.12. Notice to Individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and SwitzerlandThis section only applies to individuals that access or use our Service while located in the EEA, United Kingdom and/or Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”). We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the Services or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in.When we rely on your IP address, we cannot apply the terms of this section to any individual that masks or otherwise hides their location information from us so as not to appear located in the Designated Countries. If any terms in this section conflict with other terms contained in this Policy, the terms in this section shall apply to users in the Designated Countries.a) Privacy Shield CertificationAMES Taping Tools participates in and has certified its compliance with both the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of Personal Information transferred from the EEA, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States. We are committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from the EEA, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the Privacy Shield Framework’s applicable Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program and to view our certification, please visit U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list/.AMES Taping Tools is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives, under the Privacy Shield Frameworks, or subsequent transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. AMES Taping Tools complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information from the EEA, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, AMES Taping Tools is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AMES Taping Tools may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.b) Our Relationship to YouAMES Taping Tools is a controller with regard to any Personal Information collected from individuals accessing or using its Services. A “controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any Personal Information is processed.c) MarketingWe will only contact individuals located in the Designated Countries by electronic means (including email or SMS) based on our legitimate interests, as permitted by applicable law or the individual’s consent. When we rely on legitimate interest, we will only send you information about our Services that are similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you do not want us to use your Personal Information in this way or to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes, please click an unsubscribe link in your emails or contact us at privacy@amestools.com. You can object to direct marketing at any time and free of charge.d) Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal InformationBelow is a list of the purposes described in our Policy with the corresponding legal bases for processing.Legal Bases for Processing: Based on our contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.Section 3 a) To Provide You Our Services Section 3 b) For Internal Use Section 3 c) To Provide You with Service-Related Communications Section 3 d) To Provide Customer Support or Respond to You Section 3 e) To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms and Agreements or Policies Section 3 f) To Ensure the Security of the Services Section 4 e) Disclosure to Our Business PartnersLegal Bases for Processing: Based on your consent.Section 3 h) To Engage in Marketing Activities Section 4 d) Disclosure to Third Parties Section 4 e) Disclosure to Our Business PartnersLegal Bases for Processing: Based on our legal obligations.Section 3 f) To Ensure the Security of the Services Section 3 g) To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance Section 4 f) Disclosure so That We Can Maintain Legal and Regulatory ComplianceLegal Bases for Processing: To protect your vital interests.Section 4 g) Disclosure to Protect You, Us or Otherse) Your Individual RightsWe provide you with the rights described below when you use our Services. We may limit your individual rights requests in the following ways: (a) where denial of access is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting access would have a negative impact on other’s privacy; (c) to protect our rights and properties; and (d) where the request is frivolous or burdensome.If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at privacy@amestools.com. Please note, we may seek to verify your identity when we receive an individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your Personal Information. When we fulfill your individual rights requests for correct (or rectification), erasure or restriction of processing, we will notify third parties also handling the relevant Personal Information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.Right of Access – Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your Personal Information in our files without undue delay and free of charge, unless we permitted by law to charge a fee.Right to Rectification (or “Correction”) – You may request to correct or update any of your Personal Information in our files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of your Personal Information directly via the Services.Right to Erasure (or the “Right to be Forgotten”) – Upon your request, we will erase any of your Personal Information in our files that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities to which you object and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.Right to Data Portability – If we process your Personal Information based on a contract with you or based on your consent or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your Personal Information directly to another controller, where technically feasible. Personal Information.Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling – While you do have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your Personal Information, including profiling, under applicable law, we do not subject your Personal Information to such processing activities.Right to Object to and Right to Restrict Processing – Under certain situations, you may object to or seek to restrict our processing of your Personal Information.f) ComplaintsIf you believe that we have infringed or violated your rights under this Policy, please contact us at privacy@amestools.com so that we can work with you to resolve your concerns. You can also complain about our processing of your Personal Information to the relevant data protection authority where you live or work, or in the place where the alleged breach of data protection law has taken place.AMES Taping Tools’ commitment to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks entitle you to lodge a complaint via our Privacy Shield independent dispute resolution mechanism. Our independent dispute resolution mechanism is JAMS. For more information and to file a complaint, you may contact JAMS by filling out its Contact Us form: https://www.jamsadr.com/contact or by visiting the website at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence or place of alleged infringement.You can find the relevant supervisory authority name and contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/what-are-data-protection-authorities-dpas_en.13. Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Policy and our Personal Information practices, please email your questions to: privacy@amestools.com.
Back to Top
TrustpilotAll-Wall Email ClubSign Up Today For Exclusive Offers and Deals Sign Up
See what's newInstagramFacebookTwitterYouTubeHow can we help?Contact UsReturn and ExchangeShipping InfoSubmit New ProductTool RepairTrack Your OrderDownload AppAbout UsDownload Our Mobile AppPrivacy Policy© Copyright 2000-2020 All-Wall Equipment Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved