http://www.eprotos.com/privacy-policy.html
login
register
upload file
GET A QUOTE
call
888-228-9440
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting we are committed to protect your privacy. We will not collect your personal information when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information Collected
If you browse our website or download information, we will automatically store the following information about your visit:
The page(s) you visit
The date and time you accessed our website
The type of operating system used to access our website
The type of browser used to access our website
The internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our website
The search term(s) used in your search engine
We gather this information to learn about the number of visitors to our website. This helps us make our website more user friendly. We do not record information about individuals and their visits, and will not identify you personally.
Sending Us Personal Information
If you submit your personal information via e-mail, sign-up, or filling out a form through our website, we use that information to respond to your message, to fulfill your request or provide you with information. We will not share, release, publish, disclose, rent, or sell any personally identifiable information to any third parties.
Your rights
You have the right to request to modify or to be removed from our active e-mail database list. Send an e-mail asking to update certain personally identifiable information, or to be removed from our active e-mail list.
We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible. To protect your confidentiality, we can only send the request to the e-mail address listed in our database. We do maintain back-up copies of your personally identifiable information and reserve the right to contact former users of the website from time to time.
Privacy Policy Changes
Because of changing technology and marketing demands, we reserve the right to change our policies regarding privacy of your personally identifiable information in the future. If that happens, we will promptly update this Privacy Policy. We may also attempt to provide a message to our customers whose e-mail addresses we have, in conformity with this Privacy Policy, advising of any change(s).
We can be reached via e-mail.
see precision technologies on social media
Call Us to Get Started Today! 847-439-5447
Contact Info
Precision Technologies, Inc.
2200 Gladstone Ct. Ste: H-I,
Glendale Heights, IL 60139
Toll Free: 888-228-9440
Tel: 847-439-5447
Fax: 847-439-5448
Send an Email
Contact us
Company
About Us
Testimonials
Blog
Upload Files
Register
Capabilites
PCB Fabrication
PCB Assembly
PCB Production Capabilities
Lead Free Surface
Lead Free Laminates
Metal Core PCB
Privacy Policy
capabilities
Electronic Components Procurement
Technology & Roadmap
BGA Rework Knowledge
RoHS Compliant
SMT Stencils
Email Sign up
we are in social networks