http://www.dynamicimaging.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
HOME
SOLUTIONS
Mobile Inmate Tracking
Mugshot Imaging
Fingerprint Identification
Facial Recognition
COMPANY
About Us
Careers
System Integrations
NEWS
CONTACT US
SUPPORT
Privacy Policy
Dynamic Imaging Systems, Inc
Updated: 11/6/2014
This Web Site is owned by Dynamic Imaging Systems (DISI) and has been created to provide information about our company, its software and services (the “DISI Services”). This Privacy Policy sets forth DISI’s policy with respect to information, including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) collected from users who use the Web Site.
Personal Data That You Provide Through the Web Site:
We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily choose to provide such information.  When you contact DISI we may keep a record of that correspondence.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to this Web Site, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of DISI and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States.
Other Information
When you interact with DISI through the Web Site, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. DISI may store such information itself or it may be included in databases owned and maintained by DISI affiliates, agents or service providers. This Web Site may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Web Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Web Site. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
In operating this Web Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Web Site gives to your browser when you access a Web site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Web Site and help us analyze Web Site usage more accurately. For instance, our Web Site may set a cookie on your browser that keeps you from needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Web Site’s features.
In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the DISI Services, DISI may conduct research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and DISI may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. DISI may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
You can use the Web Site without providing any Personal Data. However, you may not be able to use certain functionality.
DISI uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, will we use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or otherwise respond to your e-mail. DISI and its affiliates may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Web Site to help us improve the content and functionality of the Web Site, to better understand our users and to improve the DISI Services. DISI and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications. In addition, at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or to have your name deleted from our mailing lists please contact us as indicated below.
If DISI intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.
DISI is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Business Transfers:
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties:
DISI, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements: DISI may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of DISI, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Web Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Exclusions
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by DISI other than Personal Data collected through the Web Site.This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to DISI through this Web Site or to through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Web Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and DISI shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
Links to Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Web Site. This Web Site may frame or contain references or links to other web sites not operated or controlled by DISI (the “Third Party Web Sites”). If you decide to access any referenced or linked web site, you do so entirely at your own risk. The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Web Sites. The links from this Web Site do not imply DISI’s review or endorsement of the Third Party Web Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Security
DISI takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Web Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Web Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to DISI via the Internet.
Other Terms and Conditions
Your access to and use of this Web Site is subject to the Terms of Use.
Changes to DISI’s Privacy Policy
The Web Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for DISI to make changes to this Privacy Policy. DISI reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on
July 20, 2010. Your continued use of the Web Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Access to Information
Contacting DISI
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Web Site.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about DISI’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of this Web Site. You may contact us as follows:
Dynamic Imaging Systems Inc.
1000 Atrium Way, Suite 203
Mount Laurel, NJ 08054
(856) 988-1545 (Phone)
(856) 988-3808 (Fax
Company News
Contact Us