http://www.nittacasings.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
By using this website, you agree to the following Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy. Please read them carefully before using this website.
Who we are
This website and its content is owned and operated by Nitta Casings Inc.. (“Company”, “we”, or “us”). Our website address is https://nittacasings.com  The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
This page is intended to inform you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide on this website. Please read carefully. We reserve the right to change our Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy at any time without notice, and by using this website you are agreeing to the Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy as they appear, whether or not you have read them. If you do not agree with these Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy, please do not use our website or its content.
Your Consent
By using this website, you agree to our Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy. Whenever you submit information via this website, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
About Children
This website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via this website from visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to websites.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Contact Forms
When visitors leave messages on the site we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Our form will ask you to submit personally identifiable information. You will be informed what information is required and what information is optional. We may collect:
Your name, company name, email address, telephone number, country, if you complete our contact form. We may send you marketing emails with either your consent, or if we believe we have a legitimate interest to contact you based on your contact or questions.
A name and email address so that we can deliver our newsletter to you – you would be affirmatively consenting to this by providing this information to us in our contact forms.
Please note that the information above (“Personal Data”) that you are giving us is voluntary, and by providing this information to us you are giving consent for us to use, collect and process this Personal Data. You are welcome to opt-out or request for us to delete your Personal Data at any point by contacting us at info@nittacasings.com
If you choose not to provide us with certain Personal Data, you may not be able to participate in certain aspects of our Website or Content.
Cookies and other Anonymous Data collection and Use
To maintain our Website’s high quality, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Website by identifying which areas of the Website are most heavily used, and to display content according to your preferences. Your IP address is the number assigned to computers connected to the Internet. This is essentially “traffic data” which cannot personally identify you, but is helpful to us for marketing purposes and for improving our services. Traffic data collection does not follow a user’s activities on any other websites in any way. Anonymous traffic data may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate basis.
We may use the standard “cookies” feature of major web browsers. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies, nor do we employ any data-capture mechanisms on our Website other than cookies. You may choose to disable cookies through your own web browser’s settings. However, disabling this function may diminish your experience on our Website and some features may not work as intended.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. In addition, when you first encounter our website, you may see our “cookies notification” at the bottom of your browser. By continuing to use our website and not disabling cookies on your browser, you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Links to other websites or Embedded content from other websites
This website may contain links or references to other websites to which this Privacy Policy does not apply. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of any other individual, company or entity whose website or materials may be linked to our Website or its content, and thus we cannot be held liable for the privacy of the information on their website or that you voluntarily share with their website. Please review their privacy policies for guidelines as to how they respectively store, use and protect the privacy of your Personal Data.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to track our website traffic data. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. As a courtesy, their privacy terms are available here
What we do with the information we collect
Contact you.
We may contact you with information that you provide to use based on these lawful grounds for processing:
a) Consent. We may contact you if you give us your consent to contact you.
b) Contract. We will contact you under our contractual obligation to deliver goods or services you purchase from us.
c) Legitimate interest. We may contact you if we feel you have a legitimate interest in hearing from us. You will always have the option to opt-out of any of our emails.
Except as otherwise stated, we may use information collected via this website to improve the content of our website, to customize the website to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for any other purpose specified. In addition, we may make full use of all information acquired through this website that is not in personally identifiable form.
If you provide personally identifiable information to this website, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection. We may disclose personally identifiable information you provide via this website to contractors we use to support our business, or to respond to law enforcement requests or where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations.
We do not sell or share your information with partners, affiliates or advertisers.
Submission, Storage, Sharing and Transferring of Personal Data
Personal Data that you provide to us is stored internally or through a data management system. Your Personal Data will only be accessed by those who help to obtain, manage or store that information, or who have a legitimate need to know such Personal Data (i.e., our hosting provider, newsletter provider, payment processors or team members).
It is important to note that we may transfer data internationally. For users in the European Union, please be aware that we transfer Personal Data outside of the European Union. By using our Website and providing us with your Personal Data, you consent to these transfers in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data Retention
We retain your Personal Data for the minimum amount of time necessary to provide you with the information and / or services that you requested from us. We may include certain Personal Data for longer periods of time if necessary for legal, contractual and accounting obligations.
Security
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data you provide to us from misuse, disclosure or unauthorized access. We only share your Personal Data with trusted third parties who use the same level of care in processing your Personal Data as we do. That being said, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Data will always be secure due to technology or security breaches. Should there be a data breach of which we are aware, we will inform you immediately.
Data Controller and Processors
We are the data controllers as we are collecting and using your Personal Data.  We use trusted third parties as our data processors for technical and organizational purposes, including for payments and email marketing. We use reasonable efforts to make sure our data processors are GDPR- compliant.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments, requests, or concerns related to our policy outlined above or the information practices of this website, please contact us:
Nitta Casings Inc.
141 Southside Avenue
Bridgewater, NJ 08807 USA
info@nittacasings.com
Last Updates
September, 2018