https://www.lookingglasscyber.com/cookies-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
COOKIES PRIVACY POLICY
Mindful of the protection of the privacy of each User of www.LookingGlassCyber.com (the “Site”), LookingGlass Cyber Solutions, Inc.™ (“LookingGlass”) complies with data protection laws and considers essential to inform the user (each, a “User”) in a clear and transparent way about the use of cookies during browsing on the Site. This Privacy Policy sets out LookingGlass’ personal information collection and use practices in relation to such information. LookingGlass will not use cookies to collect information enabling it to identify a User by name, directly or indirectly, unless the User has voluntarily provided that information by completing forms on the Site.
1. WHAT IS A COOKIE ?
A cookie is a tiny element of data stored on the hard drive of the User’s device (computer, tablet, mobile) through a navigation browser when visiting online services. Cookies are widely used by websites. They guarantee their functioning or improve the browsing, and supply also certain information, in particular in terms of measure of audience, to the owners of these websites. Cookies set up by LookingGlass can appear when the User registers and are used to calculate how long the User stays on the confirmation page in order to redirect him to the Site. Cookies can also include information concerning the online preferences of the Users and allow adapting the Site to your centers of interest.
Cookies recorded by LookingGlass or by third parties when the User visits the Site do not recognize the User personally as individual, but recognize only the device used. Cookies store no personal information; rather, they capture data about the User’s browsing of the Site in order to recognize the device later on.
Cookies cause no damage to the device; and they facilitate some actions on the Site more easily, such as finding preferences, auto-populating certain fields, and enabling LookingGlass to adapt the contents of the Site.
2. HOW ACCEPTING OR REFUSING THE USE OF COOKIES?
The User may set his/her browser to notify him/her when he/she receives a cookie or refuses cookies from all websites, if he/she wishes. Please note, however, that if the User rejects cookies, it is possible that some web pages may not properly load or load at all, and his/her access to certain information on the website might be denied or he/she might have to enter information about him/herself more than once.
If the User does not wish to receive cookies in a general way or wish to refuse only certain cookies, he/she can modify the parameters of his/her browser in an appropriate way.
Instructions are supplied in the website of each browser:
For Internet Explorer:
http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
For Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
For Safari:
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
For Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB&hlrm=en
The User shall find all necessary information on the website of the French Data protection authority:
http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/conseils-aux-internautes/
To disable cookies on your computer:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/fr/controler-ses-cookies/
For any other browser not mentioned above, the User may consult cookie management documentation available on the internet.
3. HOW DOES LookingGlass USE THE COOKIES?
Information collected through cookies help LookingGlass to analyze the use of the Site and to enable the Users to benefit from a better experience when visiting the Site. LookingGlass also uses cookies to send messages adapted to your interests.
4. WHICH KIND OF COOKIES ARE ON THE SITE?
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enable the Site:
to adapt the display of the Site (language settings, screen resolution, type of operating system, etc.), according to the materials and the software used by your device for reading the Site. These cookies expire at the end of the session;
to facilitate the new searches by storing searches previously made by the User. These cookies will be stored for a 13-month period.
Analytics cookies
LookingGlass may also use analytics cookies to enhance the Site’s performance, by collecting connection data such as date, time, Internet address, the IP address, visited and consulted pages, his/her browser version, browser settings, and operating system version. LookingGlass does not share, sell, lease or rent our mailing or customer lists to third parties and does not store them for more than a thirteen-month period. LookingGlass may thus use a web analytics service provider that uses related cookies. Although LookingGlass has no control on web analytics service providers which are controller of their own processing, nor on collected data even when transferred outside the European Union since such providers are located in the United States of America, LookingGlass considers necessary to mention it, in order that you have clear and full information on such use which may, if any, require your prior consent. For additional information, and provided that such policy is available in your language, please refer to each privacy policy:
Google: click here to consult Google’s privacy policy
The User can however oppose these various operations by configuring his/her browser, such as Internet Explorer or Firefox, by following the instructions, also indicated above, which are supplied for that purpose on his/her browser website. If the User chooses to exercise such right of opposition, LookingGlass confirms that no connection-related data will be transmitted to any supplier of user analysis or marketing analysis tools. Moreover, the User has a right of access to her/her own data that he/she can exercise by contacting the concerned supplier, by specifying the number identifying the cookie which will be attributed to him/her by the latter.
Social network cookies.
The Site may include functionalities from third-party websites, including certain social networks. These functionalities can sometimes be accompanied by scripts or other elements that can read and sometimes place cookies from these social networks on the User’s device. These cookies can be used to personalize advertising messages. Although LookingGlass has no access to these cookies, nor does it has any control over these social networks which are responsible for their own processing, nor over the data they collect, including the transfer of data outside the European Union, since some of them are located in the United States, LookingGlass mentions them so that the User has clear and complete information that their use may, in the event that they are used, be clearly indicated. For additional information, and subject to the availability of this information in English, please refer to the list of potential social network cookies below.
Twitter.
The following Twitter features may be incorporated into our Site and are likely to read or place Twitter cookies:
Twitter login (which allows the Users to log into their Twitter account and interact with our Site via a Twitter account).
Click here to read Twitter’s privacy policy
Facebook.
The following Facebook features may be incorporated into our Site and are likely to read or place Facebook cookies:
Like button of Facebook (which allow the Users to specify an something they like on Facebook)
Facebook login(which allows the Users to log into their Facebook account and interact with our Site via a Facebook account)
Share on Facebook (Which allow the Users to share with others information on Facebook)
Click here to read Facebook’s cookies policy
Google +
The following Google + features may be incorporated into our Site and are likely to read or place Google + cookies:
Google + login (which allows the Users to log into their Google + account and interact with our Site via a Google + account).
Click here to read Google’s privacy policy
Linkedin
The following Linkedin features may be incorporated into our Site and are likely to read or place Linkedin cookies:
Linkedin login (which allows the Users to log into their Linkedin account and interact with our Site via a LinkedIn account).
Click here to read Linkedin’s privacy policy
Click here to read Linkedin’s cookies policy