http://www.ranchlifeplastics.com/fencing/privacy
Home
About
Contact
Dealer Login
Toggle navigation
Home
Fencing
Agricultural
Crowd Control
Picket
Post and Rail
Privacy
Yard and Pool
Decking
Gorilla Deck®
Green Bay Decking
Skirting and Lattice
Pergolas
Porch and Rail
Porch Rail Systems
Porch Rail
Posts, Columns and Wraps
Secondary Grab Rail
Accessories
Arbors
Benches and Picnic Tables
Driveway Markers
FootingPad®
Gazebos
Mailbox Posts
Planter Boxes
Trellis
Caps
Caps
Solar Caps
Equestrian
FAQs
About
Contact
Dealer Login
PVC Privacy Fencing
Home
Fencing
Privacy
Create a secure, private retreat in your backyard with our stylish privacy fence options. The tasteful tongue and groove panels are made in a variety of styles to accentuate the look of your home and will create a sanctuary to enjoy living outdoors for years to come. See all of our styles and options of privacy fences below.
Interested in ordering from us? Contact us today by clicking the green button to the right. We can also be reached by phone at (517) 663-2350.
Courtyard Retreat Privacy Fence
Vinyl tongue and groove privacy fence with dimensional lattice top. Available in 60" and 72" height options, and standard panel width is 96". Assorted colors offered, including: White, Sandalwood, Adobe, Mocha and Honey Maple.Looking for something a bit different? This fence can be customized to your unique needs!
Courtyard Retreat Square Privacy Fence
Vinyl tongue and groove privacy fence with routed lattice top. Available in 60" and 72" height options, and standard panel width is 96". Assorted colors offered, including: White, Sandalwood and Adobe.Looking for something a bit different? This fence can be customized to your unique needs!
Michigan Privacy Fence
Vinyl tongue and groove privacy fence with picket-style top. Available in 60" and 72" height options, and standard panel width is 96". Assorted colors offered, including: White, Sandalwood, Adobe, Mocha, Honey Maple and Green Teak.Looking for something a bit different? This fence can be customized to your unique needs!
Superior Privacy Fence
Vinyl tongue and groove privacy fence with scalloped picket top and pyramid caps. Available in 60" and 72" height options, and standard panel width is 96". Assorted colors offered, including: White, Sandalwood, Adobe, Mocha, Honey Maple and Green Teak.Looking for something a bit different? This fence can be customized to your unique needs!
Terrace Privacy Fence
Vinyl solid tongue and groove privacy fence with straight-style top. Available heights range from 48" to 72", and standard panel width is 96".Colors offered: White, Sandalwood, Adobe, Mocha, Honey Maple and Green Teak.Looking for something a bit different? This fence can be customized to your unique needs!
Call Us Today
Interested in adding a beautiful and functional privacy fence to your home? Give us a call today at (517) 663-2350 to schedule a free estimate!
Customizing Your Deck
We specialize in customizing decks that are unique to your needs. As a fabricator and manufacturer, we have the capability of creating just about anything you can dream up. Our variety of
rail options make your deck even more custom, and our skirting and lattice
options are the perfect finishing touch.
Contact us today to schedule your free design consultation and estimate!
Evolutions
Evolutions fencing offers you value over customization. All Evolutions products come in standard sizes and colors making them ready to go for your next project.
Evolutions Privacy Fence
Prefabricated vinyl, solid tongue and groove privacy fence with straight-style top. Packaged for ease of installation. Available in heights of 36”, 48”, 60”, and 72” with a standard panel width is 96”.Colors offered: White, Sandalwood and Adobe.
Evolutions Privacy Fence with Lattice
Prefabricated vinyl, solid tongue and groove privacy fence with lattice-style top. Packaged for ease of installation. Available in heights of 36”, 48”, 60”, and 72” with a standard panel width is 96”.Colors offered: White, Sandalwood and Adobe.
Who we are
Ranch Life Plastics, an exclusive manufacturer/fabricator of vinyl fence and garden products for ranch, residential and commercial applications, is located in the heart of mid-Michigan in Eaton Rapids. Eaton Rapids, "the island city" is a small suburban community of approximately 5,100. It is located twenty minutes south of Lansing with easy access to several major highways.
Information
Home
About
Contact
Dealer Login
Find Us On Facebook
Contact Information
Ranch Life Plastics
5260 South Clinton Trail
Eaton Rapids, MI 48827
Phone Number: (517) 663-2350
E-Mail Address: jraffler@ranchlifeplastics.com
Hours:
By appointment only, call 517-663-2350
CLIENT LOGIN
© Ranch Life Plastics