http://www.feas.org/privacy-policy
× Login Username or Email
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?Please enter your username or email address.You will receive a link to create a new password via email. Username or E-mail
About FEAS FEAS HistoryGovernanceAudit CommitteeCharterFEAS Members Members’ ProfilesWorking Days and HolidaysOur Work FEAS ProjectsFEAS Membership BenefitsHow to become a Member?Events FEAS General AssemblyConFEASAward CeremonyTrainingsMedia NewsInterviewsPress ReleasesInfographicsPublications Fact Sheets FEAS Exchanges factsheetFEAS Depositories factsheetQuarterly NewsletterReportsYearbooksFEAS Index
LoginPrivacy PolicyFEAS is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the FEAS Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the FEAS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationFEAS collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. FEAS also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by FEAS. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by FEAS for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the FEAS Web site.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through FEAS public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: FEAS does not read any of your private online communications.FEAS encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from FEAS so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. FEAS is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the FEAS and FEAS family of Web sites.Use of your Personal InformationFEAS collects and uses your personal information to operate the FEAS Web site and deliver the services you have requested. FEAS also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from FEAS and its affiliates. FEAS may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.FEAS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. FEAS may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, FEAS may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to FEAS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.FEAS does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.FEAS keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within FEAS, in order to determine what FEAS services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within FEAS to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.FEAS Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on FEAS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of FEAS; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of FEAS, or the public.Use of CookiesThe FEAS Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize FEAS pages, or register with FEAS site or services, a cookie helps FEAS to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same FEAS Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the FEAS features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the FEAS services or Web sites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationFEAS secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. FEAS secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.Changes to this StatementFEAS will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. FEAS encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how FEAS is protecting your information.Contact InformationFEAS welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that FEAS has not adhered to this Statement, please contact FEAS at secretariat@feas.org. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. Copyright © 2020 - FEAS Development
by
Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. Privacy policyI accept