http://www.emtec-papertest.com/en/privacy-request.html
to the product overview
Please select the industry:
Paper - Board - Tissue
Nonwovens
Textiles
The company starts the celebration of its 25th anniversary in October in Lucca
The German company emtec Electronic GmbH develops, produces and sells testing technologies worldwide and celebrates its 25th anniversary starting at MIAC 2020 in October in Lucca, Italy at booth no. 103. The company is proud of what has been achieved over the past few decades and looks back on successful businesses as well as great partnerships.
In 1995 the company started with one device and four employees within the paper industry. Its founder and General Manager, Mr. Giselher Gruener developed a new measuring device for liquid penetration PDA Penetration Dynamics Analyzer to predict the gluing, printing and coating behavior of paper and board. Beside other developments the company introduced the first objective softness measuring device in 2006 to the tissue industry. The emtec TSA Tissue Softness Analyzer is probably the biggest success in emtec’s history. This success story is likely to continue in the textile and nonwovens industry, where manufacturers, chemical suppliers etc. have similar concerns, the haptic properties of a textile or nonwoven product are of utmost importance for consumers.
A further milestone was the introduction of the emtec ACA Ash Content Analyzer in 2012, which allows the determination of the total ash content as well as the individual minerals and fillers in paper and board non-destructive within seconds. The latest innovation for the pulp and paper industry is coming from a close partnership with AFG Analytics GmbH. The improved and new designed CAS touch! Charge Analyzing System and FPA touch! Fiber Potential Analyzer have been introduced in 2016. The two updated and upgraded test devices didn´t change their measuring principle, but with their small size and light weight, it is easy to carry them, the touchscreen enables an easy and intuitive handling and with the PC software deeper analyses of the tested material are possible.
In the meanwhile, the company has around 32 employees and offers 13 different devices with several modules in more than 80 countries with a global sales network of 32 independent representatives. All devices of the emtec product range are self-developed and unique on the market.
If you have the chance to visit MIAC 2020, feel welcomed at emtec booth no. 103 to have a look to the emtec testing equipment, clink glasses with emtec staff Philipp Sievers and Ullrich (Ulli) Kasten, have a tiny snack with the Italian representatives Riccardo Cossi (Qi Srl) and Massimo Rossi (Metreo Srl), discuss ideas, get open questions answered or own samples tested live.
Emtec Electronic and its first virtual booth at Fibre2Fashion Apparel & Textiles Virtual Trade Expo & Sourcing Show from 01st August until 31st October will stage the emtec TSA Tactile Sensation Analyzer, that is able to measure haptic properties of fabrics – objective, reliable and easy.
A lot of national and international exhibitions and trade shows have been postponed or cancelled during the last and for the next months, the reason why more and more Virtual Trade Shows appear on the scene. The German company emtec Electronic GmbH will participate the first time at such an Online Show: the primary Fibre2Fashion Apparel & Textiles Virtual Trade Expo & Sourcing Show with a duration of three months: from 01st August to 31st October 2020.
Visitors can register for free and visit emtec Electronic at the booth no. 24 in the machinery hall. The company showcases their emtec TSA Tactile Sensation Analyzer, that is able to measure haptic properties of fabrics as real softness, smoothness/structure, stiffness, compressibility, “crumple-ability”, the deformation and recovery.
If visitors are attracted by the innovative testing device, they have the chance to chat with a sales person directly at the virtual booth or send an email to the respective person. They can ask their questions, discuss business opportunities and make appointments for a personal or virtual demonstration of the emtec TSA regarding the individual company or product related possibilities the application of the emtec TSA offers.
“This is an interesting opportunity for us and we are curious, if this kind of exhibition will be as successful as the real exhibitions with face-to-face communication in one time zone. We are happy about this chance and look forward to make the best out of it.”, says Alexander Grüner, Global Marketing and Business Development Manager as well as Sales Area Manager at emtec Electronic GmbH.
emtec Electronic’s measuring devices presented by Jiu Mao Trading Company Limited at the CINTE techtextil in Shanghai, China.
Between September 02nd and 04th, the CINTE techtextil, opens its doors in Shanghai, China. Our partner Jiu Mao Trading Company Limited will be on site to present emtec Electronic’s TSA Tactile Sensation Analyzer.
The human feeling is a complex process realized by four different receptors inside the human skin. These receptors are responsible to feel the three basic haptic parameters softness (micro-surface variations), roughness (macro-surface variations) and in-plane stiffness. In the brain all three are combined to an overall impression of the haptic quality (hand feel or touch).
The emtec TSA Tactile Sensation Analyzer is a testing device that measures these parameters objectively and independently. By special mathematical models, a hand feel value can be calculated, adapted to a certain market and product. Furthermore, the elongation and recovery characteristics can be measured with the device. The availability of the single parameters is helpful in the R&D, process optimization and trouble shooting, the calculated hand feel value is useful in the incoming control and quality assurance.
At this year’s CINTE techtextil China, emtec Electronic´s partner Jiu Mao Trading Company Limited will present the TSA Tactile Sensation Analyzer at their booth in the German Pavilion (Hall N1). Interested visitors are invited to bring their own samples for live testing.
Max Liu, General Manager of Jiu Mao Trading Company and his colleagues are looking forward to showcase the emtec innovation at the trade fair and to introduce the features and handling: “The emtec TSA is part of a major technological advance that we have seen in recent years. This innovation was simply not there before. Nowadays, it opens up new possibilities for reliable and fast controls for our customers. The quality of emtec products speaks for itself and naturally appeals to many visitors at conferences and trade fairs.”, Mr. Liu explains.
More Articles ...
Evaluation of fillers and fines in paper and board within seconds: non-destructive, accurate and reliable
Corona-Update: Situation at emtec Electronic in Germany
Objective, reliable and accurate analysis and observation of the paper and board production and converting
Objective measurement of softness, roughness, stiffness and the recovery parameters elongation, hysteresis and plasticity
12345678910»End
next Events
Press
Evaluation of fillers and fines in paper and board within seconds: non-destructive, accurate and reliable
Objective, reliable and accurate analysis and observation of the paper and board production and converting
Objective measurement of softness, roughness, stiffness and the recovery parameters elongation, hysteresis and plasticity
Objective measurement of softness – now even possible with hand sheets
Emtec TSA Tissue Softness Analyzer – new features of a well-known device
official sales partner of
publicly sponsored by
News
Rethink Paper: Meet emtec Electronic at MIAC 2020
Innovative Softness Measurement on Innovative Virtual Trade Show
The best practice for process and product optimization
Evaluation of fillers and fines in paper and board within seconds: non-destructive, accurate and reliable
Corona-Update: Situation at emtec Electronic in Germany
Objective, reliable and accurate analysis and observation of the paper and board production and converting
Objective measurement of softness, roughness, stiffness and the recovery parameters elongation, hysteresis and plasticity
Objective measurement of softness – now even possible with hand sheets
Most Read
TSA - Tissue Softness Analyzer
EST 12 - Surface and Sizing Tester
PDA.C 02 MST - Module Standard
FPA - Fiber Potential Analyzer
ACA - Ash Content Analyzer
Product Overview Nonwovens
CAS - Charge Analysing System
Product Overview