https://www.ambunet.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home>Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAmbulance Network, Inc.2017-06-21T03:46:09-04:00
Privacy PolicyAmbulance Network, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to Ambulance Network, Inc.’s Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Ambulance Network, Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Ambulance Network, Inc. collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, or address. Ambulance Network, Inc. also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your city, state, zip code, preferences and interests.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Ambulance Network, Inc. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Ambulance Network, Inc. for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Ambulance Network, Inc.’s Web site.
Ambulance Network, Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Ambulance Network, Inc. so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Ambulance Network, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of Ambulance Network, Inc. Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
Ambulance Network, Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate Ambulance Network, Inc. and deliver the services you have requested. Ambulance Network, Inc. also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of products or other updates and industry news available from Ambulance Network, Inc. and its affiliates. Ambulance Network, Inc. may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current products or of potential new products that may be offered.
Ambulance Network, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Ambulance Network, Inc. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Ambulance Network, Inc. may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, or provide customer support. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Ambulance Network, Inc., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Ambulance Network, Inc. does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Ambulance Network, Inc. keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within www.Ambunet.com, in order to determine what areas and ambulances are the most popular. This data is used to further enhance the Web site for visitors.
Ambulance Network, Inc.’s Web site will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ambulance Network, Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Ambulance Network, Inc.; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ambulance Network, Inc.’s site, or the public.
Use of Cookies
Ambulance Network, Inc.’s Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Ambulance Network, Inc.’s pages, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to the site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Ambulance Network, Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Ambulance Network, Inc. secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Ambulance Network, Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Ambulance Network, Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Ambulance Network, Inc. is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Ambulance Network, Inc. welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Ambulance Network, Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please contact us at social@ambunet.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
14 South Spring Street, Elizabeth, NJ 07201
Subscribe
Email*
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Email Us
name*
name
department*phone*email*
message*For security purposes: What is 6+3?*CAPTCHANameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Share with a Friend
Use this feature to email one of our inventory items to a friend. Simply fill information below and we will send the link out to your friend. We only ask for your information as well so when your friend receives the email, they don't assume it is spam.Your Name*
First
Last
Your Email*
Friend's Name*
First
Last
Friend's Email*
Additional CommentsCAPTCHAWhat is 11 + 1?*This is a security question to ensure that this is not a robot.NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×Request More Info About This Unit
Please fill in the required fields below and answer the security question to hit submit. A member of our new ambulance sales team will follow up with you. Thank you!
Name*
First
Last
Company/OrganizationTitlePhone*Email*
What brand ambulance are you interested in?Select ambulance brandMedix Specialty VehiclesOsage AmbulancesIf you're looking for a specific type of ambulance, please select which below.Select TypeType IType IIType IIIDo you have any specific questions/comments?I want to receive an email newsletter from Ambunet.
Yes
Security Question: What's 8 + 1?*This is a security field to prevent spam. Please answer the simple math question to submit a form.CAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×Request More Info About This Unit
Name*
First
Last
Company/OrganizationTitlePhone*Email*
What type of used ambulance are you looking to purchase?*Select TypeType IType IIType IIIDo you have any specific questions/comments?I want to receive an email newsletter from Ambunet.
Yes
Security Question: What's 8 + 1?*This is a security field to prevent spam. Please answer the simple math question to submit a form.CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
Go to Top