https://www.irwinseating.com/the-irwin-difference/privacy-policy
HomeIrwin SeatingPrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyInformation Collection: Information you Provide Us Irwin Seating Company Inc., values your trust. All of our employees are required to adhere to the highest ethical standards in gathering, using, and safeguarding any information you choose to provide. Personal Information is gathered only when Users make voluntarily on-line submissions of such information or voluntarily establish an account. We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is accurate, complete, and current. We only use Personal Information internally and only for the purpose of providing each User with the information they have voluntarily requested, and for recording of the acceptance of these Terms of Use. Users may opt to: have Irwin Seating Company Inc., remove any of User's Personal Information stored in our database; access Personal Information gathered concerning the User; rectify and update any gathered information by sending such requests in writing.We do not rent, sell, or exchange information about website visitors, except as required by law. We restrict access to visitor information to qualified Irwin Seating Company Inc. employees. Third-parties who need access to Irwinseating.com visitor information to provide operational or other support services are required by Irwin Seating Company Inc., to comply with our high standards of security. We gather only the visitor information that is needed to administer our business and enhance and improve our websites.Information Collection: Automatic Retrieval of Information Irwin Seating Company Inc., uses certain electronic tools to capture the type of browser and operating system being used, the date and time you visit the Irwinseating.com, the specific pages you visit on Irwinseating.com, and the address of the website you visited before coming to Irwinseating.com. We typically use such passively collected information for a variety of purposes, such as to administer Irwinseating.com, customize Irwinseating.com to your preferences, and compile aggregated statistics for marketing and research purposes. We do not correlate any personally identifiable information with the passively collected information that we collect on Irwinseating.com. We reserve the unrestricted right to use this passively collected, non-personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, selling, leasing, permitting access to, or otherwise transferring it to our affiliates, business partners, advertisers, dealers, and other third parties.Information Collection: Cookies"Cookies" are small text files that store information about your interactions with a particular website, either temporarily (known as a "temporary" or "session" cookie, and deleted once you close your browser window) or more permanently on the hard drive of your computer (known as a "permanent" or "persistent cookie"). Cookies can make it easier to use a website by allowing servers to access certain information quickly.
Irwin Seating Company, Inc. uses both session/temporary cookies and persistent/permanent cookies to store information that allows us to offer you better customer service and to navigate through the Site with ease. Session cookies can be used to customize a website for a user, such as by storing passwords, preferences, and registration and account information. Persistent cookies eliminate the need for users to reenter information each time they visit a website. Note that if you configure your browser to reject cookies, you might not be able to access important functions or areas of the Site or enjoy certain conveniences at this Site.Information Collection: Registration FormsBecause access to portions of Irwinseating.com is restricted to authorized users, you may be required to complete a registration form. This form may ask you for a variety of information that will help us to identify you and contact you, such as your name, business address, office e-mail address, office phone number, and your relationship to us. Registration information will be associated with your username and password, without which you will not be able to access the restricted portions of the Site.Other Uses and Disclosures of Information/Opt-outAs indicated above, we use information we collect from you via Irwinseating.com for a variety of purposes. Unless otherwise provided above, we may also use personally and non-personally identifiable information you submit via Irwinseating.com to tell you about new products and services or other information we think may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such notifications or updates, please select the “opt-out” option when using the “contact us” page or upon becoming a “registered user” on Irwinseating.com. Alternatively, you may follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included in such emails or contact us as described in the “Ask Us” section, below.From time to time, our service providers may have access to information you submit via the Site to provide operational or other support services for the Site (e.g., Web hosting or database services). We have put in place agreements with such service providers to protect against unauthorized uses or disclosures of such information. Except as otherwise provided in the "Active Information Collection" section above, we also reserve the right to sell, lease, provide access, or otherwise transfer personally identifiable information you submit via Irwinseating.com to our business partners (including e-mail delivery services and content providers), affiliates, and dealers for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere on Irwinseating.com, we reserve the right to share or transfer any information you submit via Irwinseating.com to another person or company in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of Irwinseating.com and/or Irwin Seating Company Inc.; to respond to law enforcement requests; or where required by applicable law, statute, regulation, ordinance, subpoena, or court order. By submitting personally identifiable information via Irwinseating.com, you consent to such disclosures in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Ask Us/Enforcement of this privacy policyIf at any time you have questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or the information practices of Irwinseating.com, please contact us in one of the following ways:E-Mail: sales@irwinseating.com or use the Contact form provide on Irwinseating.com.Mail: Irwinseating.com Website3251 Fruit Ridge Ave.Grand Rapids, MI 49544Phone: 1-866-464-7946We will take reasonable steps to respond to your inquiry and remedy any problems you bring to our attention.About Irwin SeatingCOVID-19 StatementHistorySustainabilityFAQPress RoomContact UsPrivacy Policy