https://www.marathonvalue.com/wp-content/themes/gratus/legal.php
Legal Notice
Legal Disclosures
All written content of this site is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a complete description of our investment services or performance. Materials presented in this website, or any linked website, are believed to be from reliable sources and we make no representations as to its accuracy or completeness. All information and ideas should be discussed in detail with your investment advisor prior to implementation. Fee-only investment advisory services are offered through Gratus Capital, LLC.
Gratus Capital, LLC is a Registered Investment Advisor with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, specializing in managing the investments of high net worth clients. Gratus Capital, LLC's Form ADV Part 2 is available upon request and includes relevant information regarding the services available.
This website may include forward-looking statements.  All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements (including words such as “believe,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “may,” “will,” “should,” and “expect”).  Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.  Various factors could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those discussed in such forward-looking statements.
Past performance is not indicative of any specific investment or future results.  Views regarding the economy, securities markets, or other specialized areas, like all predictors of future events, cannot be guaranteed to be accurate and may result in economic loss to the investor.
Any information provided by Gratus Capital regarding historical market performance is for illustrative and educational purposes only.
Clients or prospective clients should not assume that their performance will equal or exceed historical market results and/or averages.
The material listed in this website is current as of the date noted, and is for informational purposes only, and does not contend to address the financial objectives, situation, or specific needs of any individual investor. Any information is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as investment advice since the availability and effectiveness of any strategy is dependent upon your individual facts and circumstances. Results will vary and no suggestion is made about how any specific solution or strategy performed in reality.
Gratus Capital does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Gratus Capital’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefor.
All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.
This web site is owned by Gratus Capital.  This web site and any and all accompanying screens, information, materials, user documentation, user interfaces, images, arrangements of information, related software, and other proprietary property of Gratus Capital or its licensors accessible via the web site (collectively hereafter referred to as the “Web Site”) is and shall remain the exclusive property of Gratus Capital and its licensors, as the case may be.  All rights to the Web Site remain with Gratus Capital or its licensors.  This site is for your personal and non-commercial use.  You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from this site.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Information Gratus Collects. In connection with providing client with investment products, financial advice, or other services, Gratus obtains non-public personal information about client including:
Information Gratus receives from Client on applications
Information about Client transactions with Gratus or others; and,
Information from credit or service bureaus or third-parties.
Information Gratus Discloses. Gratus will not disclose information regarding Client or Client's account with Gratus except under the following circumstances:
To employees of Gratus who need the information to perform their jobs;
To establish or maintain an account with an unaffiliated third party, such as a clearing broker providing trading services and/or Custodian;
To government entities or other third parties in response to subpoenas or other legal process as required by law.
Gratus' Security Policy. Only those individuals who need it to perform their jobs are authorized to have access to confidential client information. Gratus maintains physical, electronic, and procedural security measures that comply with applicable state and federal regulations to safeguard confidential Client information.
Closed or Inactive Accounts. If Client decides to close account (s) or become an inactive customer, Gratus will adhere to the privacy policies and practices as described in this notice.
Changes to this Privacy Policy. If Gratus makes any substantial changes in the way Gratus uses or disseminate confidential information, Gratus will notify Client.