http://www.redrivercatalog.com/CS/privacy.htm
0
Contact Us!
Checkout
Log Into Your Account
Shop Papers
Red River Card Shop Shop Greeting Cards Now!
Shop Papers By Paper Type Paper Size Printer Model Photo Subject Project Type Wide Format Greeting Cards
Quick Paper Guides Watershed Collection For Photographers For Artists For Greeting Cards Clearance & Deals Gift Certificates
Other Shop Methods Red River Product Finder Order by Item Number Reorder from History Custom Cutting Service Equivalent Paper Locator
Sample Kits
Ink & Accessories
Accessories EnvelopesMuseum BoardCoatings...and more!
Inkjet Printer Ink Genuine, Fresh OEMCartridges
Lightbox Photography Cards
Resources
Printing Help Printing Help Center Printer Setting Recomendations Frequently Asked Question Color Profiles Inkjet Printing Tips
Customer Service Customer Service Center Tracking Your Order Returns & Refunds Red River Rewards Program Volume Discounts Shipping FAQ Privacy Policy
More... Red River Blog Cost of Printing Printer Reviews & Articles Red River Professional Bios Print Life Testing REVIEWS! Red River Company & Product
Home Customer Service Red River Paper - Privacy Policy
Red River Paper - Privacy Policy Red River Paper values your privacy and respects your right to security on our site. Read our privacy policy for more information about our policy.
Last updated (effective) October 26, 2019. Collections and Use We may collect the following personal information:
Contact information, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number; Billing information, such as credit or debit card number and billing address; Unique identifiers, such as user name, account number, and password; Preferences information you provide, such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences; Usage activity about how you interact with us, such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our Websites you visited; Information about your business, such as company name, company size, and business type; and Demographic information, such as household income, age, education, gender, interests, and zip code.
We also automatically gather information about your computer, such as your IP address, your device type and its physical location (determined by satellite, WiFi signals, cell phone towers, etc.), browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We may also receive your personal information from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms and other third parties. We use this information to:
Fulfill your order Send you an order confirmation Send notices of updates to our policies, terms and conditions, and other administrative communications. Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services Send you requested product or service information Send product updates or warranty information Respond to customer service requests Administer your account Send you a newsletter Send you marketing communications Improve Red River Paper's website and marketing efforts Conduct research and analysis Respond to your questions and concerns Display content based upon your interests
Disclosure to Third Parties We may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. See the Tracking Technologies section below for details. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities, such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. We may disclose your personal information
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; When we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, enforce our terms and conditions, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; If Red River Paper is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets; and To any other third party, with your prior consent to do so.
PayPal If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to PayPal. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal website. Customer and Third Party Services This privacy policy does not apply to any third party services, or services provided to you by a customer of Red River Paper. We are not responsible for any third party's collection, use, or disclosure of your information, or the privacy and security policies or practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which our Websites or services may link. Such third party websites or services may include third party organizations such as social media platform providers, operating system providers, browsers, wireless services providers, and device manufacturers. The inclusion of a link on our Websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. Tracking Technologies
We, or a third party contracted by us, may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our Websites, and which products and services may be of interest to you. For example, we will know how many users access specific areas or features within Red River Paper's website and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how Red River Paper's website is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you, through Red River Paper's and other websites and online services, and on recognized devices you use. Please note that we do not respond to Do Not Track signals. Security The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and so we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Therefore, please do not email unencrypted credit card information to us. We also ask that you not send or disclose to us, through our services or otherwise, any other sensitive personal information, such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data (for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person), data concerning health or a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation, or criminal background.
If you use our shopping cart, the transmission of sensitive information collected on our order form is encrypted. If you choose to use a third party checkout option to pay for your order, its privacy statement and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information. You may also call 888-248-8774 to place an order via phone. Please note that all order information is entered into our e-commerce and accounting systems as a matter of procedure.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account, or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at support@redriverpaper.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Other Information Our website includes third party hosted widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our Websites to provide single-purpose services (e.g. sharing of articles, videos, etc.). Personal information, like your email address, may be collected and cookies may be set so the widget can work properly. The information through the widget is subject to the widget provider's privacy policy. Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@redriverpaper.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so. We may store or process your personal information in any country in which we have facilities or engage service providers, and by using our websites, social media pages, or services, you consent to transfer of that information to countries outside your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules. Correcting, Updating, and Removing Your Personal Information You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in those emails, or you can contact us at support@redriverpaper.com. Please note, if you opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails, you may still receive important administrative communications from us, as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services. To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, or to restrict or request deletion of personal information you have provided to us, please contact us at support@redriverpaper.com. For security purposes, we will only respond to such requests regarding personal information in our database that is associated with the email address you used to send your request, and additional information may be required to verify your identity before doing so. Please note, we will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active, or as needed to provide you services, including use of our websites and social media pages. If you wish to cancel your account, or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services, contact us at support@redriverpaper.com. Following cancellation of your account or processing of your request for us to discontinue providing services to you, we will only retain and use your information as necessary for record-keeping purposes, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Children Our website and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, individuals under the age of sixteen (16). We strive to comply with COPPA, Children's Online Privacy Protection Rule managed by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), which requires parental consent for the collection or use of their child's personal information. Please contact us at support@redriverpaper.com for removal. Notification of Privacy Policy Changes We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice to this Privacy page or its successor address. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Feedback If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please email or write to us at: Red River Paper, Inc.
8330 Directors Row Ste. 100
Dallas, Texas 75247
United States
Email: support@redriverpaper.com
Phone: 888-248-8774
WHAT CUSTOMERS SAY ABOUT US
Excellent Product and Service I use a lot of ink jet paper and my go-to brand is Red-River.
The prices are very competitive and the quality is amazing.
I also like the wide variety of papers available.
ACT 08/17/2019
See all 4998 Red River Paper PRODUCT reviews See all 1557 Red River Paper COMPANY reviews
COMPANY Red River Paper Blog About Red River Paper Contact Red River Paper Privacy & Security Red River Affiliate Program Red River Paper PROS
INFO / SUPPORT
Call 888-248-8774 Track or Locate Your Order Custom Cutting Service Custom Paper Converting Volume Discounts Shipping Info & Policies Returns and Refunds Inkjet advice, ask the experts!
Join The Inkjetter Newsletter
Join Us on The Web
Red River Paper Inc. All contents © 1997 - 2020. 8330 Directors Row. Dallas Texas, 75247. Prices, specifications, and images are subject to change without notice. Not responsible for typographical or illustrative errors. Sony, Mitsubishi, Red River Paper brand high density & high gloss ultrasound paper - www.redriverpaper.com Site Development & Maintenance: Phosphor Media, LLC
WE ACCEPT
Shopping Cart
×
Continue Shopping Edit Cart Check Out
Close
×
These Items were in your Basket when you last visited
No Thank You
Archival Grade Paper
×
Papers with the Archival designtation can take many forms. They can be glossy, matte, canvas, or an artistic product. These papers are acid free, lignin free and can be made of virgin tree fiber (alpha cellulose) or 25-100% cotton rag. They are likely to have optical or fluorescent brightening agents (OBAs) - chemicals that make the paper appear brighter white. Presence of OBAs does not indicate your image will fade faster. It does predict a slow change in the white point of your paper, especially if it is displayed without UV filter glass or acrylic.
Archival Grade Summary
Numerous papers - made from tree or cotton content Acid and lignin free base stock Inkjet coating layer acid free Can have OBAs in the base or the coating
Close
Museum Grade Paper
×
Papers with the museum designation make curators happy. They are made from 100% cotton rag content and have no optical brightener content. (OBA) The base stock is acid and lignin free. The coating is acid free. This type of offers the most archival option in terms of media stability over time.
Museum Grade Summary
100% cotton rag content Acid and lignin free base stock Inkjet coating layer acid free No OBA content
Close
Photographic Grade Paper
×
Photo Grade products are designed to look and feel like modern photo lab paper. Most photo grade media are resin coated, which means they have a paper core covered by a thin layer of polyethelene (plastic) . Plastic gives the paper its photo feel, stability (flatness), water resistance, handling resistance, and excellent feed consistency.
Prints on photo grade media are stable over long periods. With pigment inks in a protected environment, you can see up to 80 years on-display life. All RC papers are Photo Grade for two reasons. Plastic content is not technically archival by museum standards. Also, the inkjet coating of all RC papers is slightly acidic. It facilitates instant drying and does not actually change the stability of your inks over time. Virtually all RC papers have optical brightening agents (OBAs).
Photo Grade Summary
RC papers Plastic coated acid and lignin-free paper core Inkjet coating layer will have slight acidity Contain OBAs
Close