https://www.bofm.com/contact/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
Checking
Personal Checking
Business Checking
Rewards Checking
Savings
Round-up Savings
CDs & IRAs
Open An Account
Investments
Insurance
Services
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Loans
Telephone Banking
Credit Cards
Visa Debit Cards
Apple Pay
Android Pay
Samsung Pay
Financial Calculators
Switch Kits
Security
Internet Banking Security Awareness
Alerts
Electronic Funds Transfer
Funds Availability
Corporate Account Takeover
About
First State Bank Aquisition
Community Impact
F.A.Q.s
Contact
Apply Here
Privacy Policy
Online Banking
Login
Forgot Password? |
Username? |
New User?
Online Banking
Login
Forgot Password? |
Username? |
New User?
Privacy Policy
Commitment to Your Security: Your safety and security is very important to us.
FACTSWhat does BOM do with your personal information?Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.What?The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.How?All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons BOM Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal infoDoes BOM Bank Share?Can you limit this sharing?For our everyday business purposes:
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureausYesNoFor our marketing purposes:
to offer our products and services to youYesNoFor joint marketing with other financial companies:NoNoFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes:
information about your transactions and experiencesNoNoFor our affiliates' everyday business purposes:
information about your creditworthinessNoNoFor nonaffiliates to market to you:NoNo
Questions?Call 1 (318) 646-3386 or visit www.bofm.com
What we doWho is providing this notice?BOM BankHow does BOM protect my personal information?To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildingsHow does BOM Bank collect my personal information?We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Show your identification (drivers license)
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus.Why can't I limit all sharing?Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
DefinitionsAffiliatesCompanies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non financial companies.
BOM Bank does not share with affiliates.Non Affiliates	Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
BOM Bank does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.Joint MarketingA formal agreement between non affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
BOM Bank does not jointly market.
CONTACT US
Branch Locations
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
To report a lost or stolen debit card please call 1-800-264-4274.
SOCIAL NETWORKING