https://www.capitalone.com/legal/disclosures
Capital One Home > Important DisclosuresImportant DisclosuresPrintContact Us Access your account Capital One does not provide, endorse, nor guarantee any third-party product, service, information, or recommendation available through links from this Web site. The third parties providing products and services available through this Web siteare not affiliated with Capital One and are solely responsible for their products, services, information, recommendations, and all other content on their Web sites. Any educational tools, calculators, guides, and other content available on thissite are provided by third parties and are for informational purposes only. These materials are not intended to provide legal, investment, or financial advice or to indicate the availability or suitability of any Capital One product or serviceto your unique circumstances. For specific advice about your unique circumstances, you may wish to consult a qualified professional.Capital One works hard to offer you products and services that it believes to be useful and reliable; however, Capital One does not provide, endorse, nor guarantee these unaffiliated third-party products, services, or information nor guaranteetheir accuracy. Capital One is not liable for any third party’s failure with regard to such advertised products, services, and benefits. These advertised products and services are NOT FDIC INSURED NOR BANK GUARANTEED. We encourage you tocheck individual offers, products, and services to become familiar with any applicable restrictions or conditions.By responding to offers advertised on this Web site, you may be communicating information about yourself to the company that provides such product or services—for example, that you are a Capital One customer. Please be aware that these thirdparties may have a different privacy policy than Capital One’s. Their Web sites may also provide less security than Capital One.NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: Applicants may, after credit approval, use the credit card account up to its credit limit and be liable for amounts extended under the plan to any joint applicant. If you are married, you may applyfor credit in your own name.NOTICE FOR DELAWARE RESIDENTS: Service charges not in excess of those permitted by law will be charged on the outstanding balances from month to month.NOTICE FOR OHIO RESIDENTS: Ohio anti-discrimination laws require creditors to make credit equally available to all creditworthy customers and that credit reporting agencies maintain separate credit histories on individuals uponrequest. The Ohio Civil Rights Commission administers these laws.NOTICE FOR NEW YORK AND VERMONT RESIDENTS: Capital One may obtain at any time your credit reports, for any legitimate purpose associated with the account or the application or request for an account, including but not limited toreviewing, modifying, renewing and collecting on your account. On your request, you will be informed if such a report was ordered. If so, you will be given the name and address of the consumer reporting agency furnishing the report. New York residentsmay contact the New York State Department of Financial Services by telephone or visit its website for free information on comparative credit card rates, fees and grace periods. New York State Department of Financial Services: 1-877-226-5697 or http://www.dfs.ny.gov.NOTICE FOR WISCONSIN RESIDENTS: No provision of any marital agreement, unilateral statement, or court order applying to marital property will adversely affect a creditor's interests unless prior to the time credit is granted, thecreditor is furnished with a copy of the agreement, statement or court order, or has actual knowledge of the provision. If you are married, by submitting your credit card application you are confirming that this credit card obligation is beingincurred in the interest of your marriage and your family. If the credit card for which you are applying is granted, you will notify the Bank if you have a spouse who needs to receive notification that credit has been extended to you.
Capital One Auto Finance is a division of Capital One, N.A. Capital One Home Loans LLC and Capital One Settlement Services LLC, are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Capital One, N.A.