http://www.creditunion.ie/terms-and-conditions
Empty Link
Skip to Content
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions Governing the Use of the Site
Access to this Site and the use of information contained on it is governed by the terms and conditions set out below. The ILCU Privacy Notices are available here and are incorporated within these terms and conditions.  Please take the time to read the terms and conditions carefully.  By proceeding further you will be deemed to have accepted them. References to "we" or "ILCU" means Irish League of Credit Unions and our subsidiaries and associates.
1. Care has taken in the preparation of the information contained on this Website. However, we do not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, fitness for a particular purpose of the information contained on this Website. Use of such information is at the user’s sole risk.
2. We do not accept any liability for any loss or damage of any nature howsoever arising whether in negligence or for breach of contract or other duty as a result of use of this Website or reliance on the information contained in this Website.  Appropriate professional advice should be taken before acting or refraining to act on the basis of information contained on this site.
3. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither ILCU nor any of its officers or employees will be liable for loss or damages arising out of or in connection with your use of, or your inability to use, the information on this website, and/or goods, facilities or services offered through this website or from any unauthorised access or alteration of this website, including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damages, loss of data, income, profit or opportunity, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties, even if ILCU has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages, or such loss or damages were reasonably foreseeable.
4. This Site may contain links to other Web Sites.  The ILCU does not endorse and is not responsible for the contents of any linked site.  The use by you of such websites is at your sole risk.
5. ILCU retains the right to terminate your rights to use this website or restrict availability of or to discontinue this website at anytime without cause, and without any liability to you.
6. The ILCU does not provide any warranty as to the freedom of this site from errors, defects, viruses or other forms of harmful or malicious programs, components or macros.  ILCU expressly disclaims any and all liability for any infection by computer virus, bug, tampering, unauthorised access, intervention, alteration or use, fraud, theft, technical failure, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay, or any event or occurrence beyond the control of ILCU, which corrupts or affects the administration, security, fairness and integrity or proper conduct of any aspect of this website.  In all circumstances the use by you of this Website is at your sole risk.
7. The information contained on these webpages is, unless otherwise specifically stated, the property of the ILCU. All intellectual property rights associated with the webpages and their contents are reserved to the ILCU and its licensors.
The information and material contained on these webpages is for personal use only and may not be copied, printed, published, transmitted, amended or reproduced in any form whatsoever without the prior consent of the ILCU. You are granted a limited licence solely for your own personal non-commercial use to browse/ bookmark any page within this website and to download the materials contained in this website to a single personal computer and to print a single hard copy of the Materials contained on this website for your own personal reference.
8. In the event that any provision in these Terms and Conditions of Use is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision shall be severed and the remaining provisions shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of Republic of Ireland.  Any waiver of any provision of these terms and conditions must be in writing and signed by ILCU to be valid. A waiver of any provision hereunder shall not operate as a waiver of any other provision, or a continuing waiver of the same provision in the future.
9. The contents of this Website, including these Terms and Conditions of Use, any information contained on this Website and our Privacy Noticeare subject to change and to being updated without notice from time to time.
10. This Site is established in Ireland in accordance with, subject to, and governed by the laws of Ireland and any disputes arising shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.