http://www.visualsonics.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Products
Applications
Resources
Events
Call us at: 1.866.416.4636 | Europe: +800.0751.2020
PreclinicalClinicalAcoustics and Engineering
PreclinicalClinicalAcoustics and Engineering
Apply
Imaging Systems
Vevo 3100
Vevo 3100 LT
Vevo LAZR-X
Transducers
MX Series Transducers
Vevo Optical Fibers and Jackets
Software
Imaging Modes
Vevo LAB
VisualSonics iPACS
Accessories
Imaging Stations
eBox
Vevo Infusion Pump
Vevo PHANTOM
Vevo BRAIN
Contrast Agents
Photoacoustic Contrast Agents
Ultrasound Contrast Agents
Our Technology
Photoacoustics (PA)
Product Selection
Ultra High-Frequency Ultrasound
Featured ProductMeet Vevo F2 For Ultrasound Research
Video of Introducing the Vevo F2
Designed for Ultrasound Research
Learn more
PreclinicalClinical PreclinicalClinical
Apply
Cardiology
Oncology
Vascular Biology
Developmental
Neurobiology
Kidney
Biomarker / Molecular Imaging
Urogenital
Gastrointestinal
Image-guided Injection
Ischemia / Reperfusion
MSK
Drug Discovery & Development
Lung Imaging
Featured ApplicationA Comprehensive Solution for Pancreatic Cancer ResearchersRobust tool for studying orthotopic tumorsLearn more
Education
Learning Hub
Vevo University Courses
Presentations
JoVE Videos
Webinars
In the Spotlight
Featured Publications
Featured Images
Vevo News
Vevo Blog
Shared Stories
Case Studies
Researcher Spotlight
Grants & Funding
Vevo Research Awards
Grant Support
Apr 2020: Angiostamp800, A Bimodal Fluorescent & Photoacoustic Targeted Contrast Agent for Oncology
Video of Apr 2020: Angiostamp800, A Bimodal Fluorescent &amp; Photoacoustic Targeted Contrast Agent for Oncology
WebinarsApril 2020: Angiostamp800, A Bimodal Fluorescent & Photoacoustic Targeted Contrast Agent for OncologyPresented by Jonathan Lavaud, PhD, Postdoctoral Researcher at Optimal Institute for Advanced Bioscience,Learn more
Publications Library
Image Gallery
Vevo FAQs
Preclinical
Clinical
Conferences and Society Meetings
Grants and Funding
Recent updates
Recent updates
Recent updates
Privacy
FUJIFILM VisualSonics, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy.  FUJIFILM VisualSonics, Inc. (“FUJIFILM” or “we”) cares about your privacy.  This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices in relation to the use of the VisualSonics websites, services, and programs, including attendance at events and marketing activities,  and will help you better understand our privacy practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal data is collected and used.
This Privacy Policy applies to both FUJIFILM and its direct subsidiaries listed here https://www.visualsonics.com/contact-us/our-global-offices.
Through FUJIFILM’s site, you will be able to link to sites maintained by other companies within the global group of companies headed by FUJIFILM Holdings Corporation (the “FUJIFILM Group”), as well as unaffiliated third party sites. As more fully described below, each of these sites may be governed by a different privacy policy or statement.  We suggest you check the privacy link typically located in the footer of each web page to access and review the applicable privacy policy or statement.  Since privacy policies or statements may change periodically, we also suggest that you occasionally re-visit them.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us at info@visualsonics.com if you have any questions about our privacy practices, your personal data, rights, or choices.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 6, 2018.
The Information We Collect.  The information we collect from visitors to FUJIFILM’s site helps us improve our site and provide better service to you.  We collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store personal data (such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone, and fax numbers) when needed to provide our services and for our operational and business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.  Occasionally you may also choose to provide us with what may be considered sensitive personal data (collectively, “personal data”) such as financial and bank account numbers.
We want to be clear about our privacy practices so that you can make informed choices about the use of your information, and we encourage you to contact us at info@visualsonics.com at any time with questions or concerns.
The information we collect falls into two broad categories: (1) information you voluntarily provide to us and (2) information that is automatically collected.
Information you voluntarily provide to us.  Generally, you can visit FUJIFILM’s site without providing any personal or sensitive personal data.  However, on some pages, we collect personal data in order to provide a service or carry out a transaction requested by you.  See below for what personal data is collected and how it is used.  We may also ask for feedback relating to our goods or services.  Participation is voluntary and you are not required to provide this information.  There generally is no negative effect on you if you choose not to provide your personal data.  However, since personal data may be needed to process an order, if you choose not to participate, we may not be able to perform a requested service or complete a transaction.
Information Collected Automatically. Our servers, logs and other technologies collect and store certain personal and non-personal data such as your IP address, machine operating system, geolocations, type of system, and selection preferences that is generated automatically as you navigate through our sites.  By using our website, you agree to the processing of the data collected about you for the stated purposes described below.  We use a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie" used to store and manage user preferences, deliver targeted advertising, enable content, and gather analytic and usage data, for example.  The use of cookies and other tracking technologies is standard across websites and apps through which information is collected about your online activities across applications, website, or other servicers.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies and, while most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our sites.
What is a cookie?  A cookie is a small text file that is placed on a computer or other device and is used to identify the user or device and to collect information.  Cookies help to track user trends and patterns and also relieve users from having to re-enter their preferences on certain areas of the site where they have previously entered preference information.  The cookie types we use to collect personal data and non-personal data include the following attributes:  session cookies, persistent cookies, third-party cookies.
What is a web beacon?  A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel x 1 pixel that is placed on a website or in an email that is used to monitor the behavior of the user visiting the website or opening the email. It is often used in combination with cookies.  We use web beacons to access cookies and to count users who visit our site or open email messages.  We collect this information to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on our site.  We sometimes use the non-identifying and aggregate information that is collected as described above to enhance the design of our site and help us understand the needs of our visitors.
What is a “Share” button? Our website also contains “Share” buttons.  Any user who wishes to share content in this manner must have already provided login credentials to the “Share” site.  We do not collect any user login information for third-party “Share” sites including those listed below.  We have no influence regarding the scope of the data which is collected with the aid of the “Share” buttons, and therefore can only provide you with information for the third party sites that have been or are integrated into our website as follows:
AddThis, operated by the company AddThis, LLC, 8000 Westpark Dr., Suite 625 McLean, VA 22102, USA (“AddThis”).  Further information on data protection and processing by AddThis as well as your options for settings and your rights can be viewed at www.addthis.com/privacy.
Facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA  94304, USA (“Facebook”).  Your rights can be viewed at www.facebook.com/policy.php.
Twitter, operated by Twitter, Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA  94107, USA.  Your rights can be viewed at https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html.
G+ button of the social network Google Plus, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA  94043, USA.  Your rights can be viewed at www.google.com/intl/policies/policies/privacy/.
Pinterest, Pinterest Trademark Agent, 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA  94301, USA.  Your rights can be viewed at www.pinterest.com/about/privacy.
Instagram, Instagram LLC, 1601 Willow Rd, Menlo Park, CA  94025, USA.  Your rights can be viewed at http://instagram.com/legal/privacy/.
YouTube, YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA  94066, USA.  Your rights can be viewed at www.youtube.com/t/terms.
del.icio.us, AVOS Systems, Inc., 273 S. Railroad Ave., Suite A, San Mateo, CA  94401, USA.  Your rights can be viewed at https://del.icio.us/privacy.
LinkedIn, LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA  94043, USA.  Your rights can be viewed at www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
The only time a “Share” service is notified is when a user chooses to click the “Share” button, logs in to their “Share” account and creates an entry.
This website uses Google Analytics, a website analytics service provided by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA  94043, USA (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses cookies and web beacons (defined above) and the information generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.  If IP anonymization is activated on this website, your full IP address will typically be sent to a Google server in the U.S. and then shortened.  Google uses this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our website by you, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide other services related to the website and internet usage to us.  We use the code “ga(‘set’, ‘anonymizelp’, true)” to ensure the anonymous collection of IP address (“IP masking”), which processes IP addresses in a shortened form and direct personal reference can be excluded.  You can prevent Google’s collection of the data generated by the cookie and related use of the website, including your IP address, as well as the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link:  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We use online retargeting technologies such as Facebook Pixel, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA  94304, USA (“Facebook Pixel”).  Facebook Pixel allows us to specifically target those users with online advertising who are already interested in our products on our partners’ websites.  For this purpose so-called counting pixels can be integrated on our websites.  When accessing our pages, a connection between your browser and the server of Facebook is established via the counting pixel that allows Facebook to associate your visit to our pages with your Facebook account (if existing) and to see if Facebook ads have been successful for statistical and market research purposes.  We do not have exact information of the content of the data transmitted to Facebook and its use by Facebook.  However, when using such tools, we make sure that our partners, in addition to the IP address, are not provided with any known data records, such as email addresses or telephone numbers of our customer.  Further information on Facebook Pixel can be found in the Facebook privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.  If you would like to prevent the use of online retargeting technologies, for Facebook users, you can adjust your settings at https://www.facebook.com/ads/website­_custom_audiences/, and set an opt-out cookie using a browser check such as, for example, http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
We also use Doubleclick, a service provided by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”).  Doubleclick uses cookies to show advertisements that are relevant to you.  Your browser is assigned a pseudonymous identification number to check which ads have appeared in your browser and which ads have been viewed, and allows Google and its affiliate websites only to serve ads based on previous visits to our other websites on the internet.  The cookies do not contain any personal information.  The information generated by the cookies is transmitted by Google for evaluation to a server in the U.S. and stored there.  A transfer of the data by Google to third parties takes place only due to legal regulations or in the context of data processing relationships.  You can prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of such data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the Doubleclick Deactivation Extension at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=en, or opt out of Doubleclick cookies via Advertising Settings on Google at https://adssettings.google.com, or on the Digital Advertising Alliance website at http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
We use Optimizely, a website analytics service from Optimizely, Inc., that uses cookies.  The information generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to and stored by an Optimizely server in the U.S., and, if IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated by Optimizely beforehand within member states of the European Union or EEA.  Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to an Optimizely server in the U.S. and shortened there.  Optimzely uses this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our website by you, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide other services related to the website and internet usage to us.  You can prevent Optimizely’s collection of the data generated by the cookie and related use of the website, including your IP address, as well as the processing of such data by Optimizely by following the instructions on http://www.optimizely.com/opt_out.
We use Oracle Eloqua asynchronous tracking scripts that allow us to track visits to our website. As you browse our website, Oracle Eloqua uses cookies and your IP address to build a visitor record. Oracle Eloqua cookies remain in the browser until the visitor deletes them or for up to 2 years.
How We Use Your Information.  We will obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose personal data except where we are authorized or required by law to do so without consent.  Consent may be express or implied.  We process personal data for these service- and business-related purposes:
Account creation:  We use personal data such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number to set up and administer your account and to provide customer support and training, send important account and service information, and to allow us to communicate with you. To verify that you are a customer, we may also ask for your system’s serial number.
Sales orders and service:  We use personal data such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and financial and bank information including credit card numbers in order to provide service for a product or for product orders.
Product registration and warranty:  We use personal data such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and product information for registration and warranty purposes, and to communicate to you regarding these services.
Marketing purposes:  We use personal data such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number to send marketing communications and to respond to inquiries about SonoSite Companies, products, services, and events to you across various platforms, such as email, phone, text messaging, direct mail and online.  We may also collect information about the quality and success of our email marketing (e.g., by analyzing the opening or click rates of our emails).
Sweepstakes and contest entries:  We use personal data such as name, email address, mailing address, and phone number for entry into sweepstakes and contests.
Surveys and polls:  If you choose to participate in a survey or poll, any personal data, such as name, email address, mailing address, and phone number you provide may be used for marketing or market research purposes.
Career and applicant purposes:  We use personal data such as name, email address, mailing address, and phone number to communicate during the recruitment process regarding potential careers at SonoSite Companies.
Legal obligations:  We may be required to use and retain personal data for legal and compliance reasons, such as the prevention, detection, or investigation of a crime; loss prevention; or to combat fraud.  We may also use personal data to meet our internal and external audit requirements, information security purposes, and as we otherwise believe to be necessary or appropriate:  (a) under applicable law, which may include laws outside your country of residence; (b) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include such authorities outside your country of residence; (c) to enforce terms and conditions; and (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or those of other persons.
When We Share Personal Data.  FUJIFILM will not provide personal data to any third party or use the information for an undisclosed purpose except as otherwise noted at the point where the information is collected and where necessary to provide services or conduct our business operations as described below.  We share personal data in accordance with data privacy and security requirements, and we occasionally will share non-personal, anonymized, and statistical data with third parties.  We make appropriate efforts to ensure that the entities we share personal data with do not further distribute the information such as entering into non-disclosure agreements.
Within SonoSite Companies and the FUJIFILM Group:  The SonoSite Companies comprise a global operation with offices and locations around the world. They are also supported by a variety of global teams and functions situated in other organizations within the FUJIFILM Group. Personal data may be shared with SonoSite Companies and with the FUJIFILM Group if needed to provide services or fulfill product orders,  for  account administration,  to facilitate  sales and marketing,  for  customer and technical support, and  to promote  business and product development.  Please click here http://www.fujifilm.com/about/office/ to see a list of FUJIFILM Group locations where we may process personal data.
With our business partners.  We occasionally partner with other organizations to deliver co-branded services and products, or to host events, conferences and seminars.  We and our business partners may collect and share personal data.  FUJIFILM will handle personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of our business partners to learn more about how they collect, use, and share personal data.
With third-party service providers.  We have third-party service providers around the world.  Personal data will be made available to these parties only when necessary to fulfill the services they provide to us such as software, system, and platform support; direct marketing services; cloud hosting services; advertising; data analytics; and order fulfillment and delivery.  Our third-party service providers are not permitted to share or use personal data we make available to them for any purpose other than to fulfill their obligations to SonoSite Companies.
Links to Third-Party Sites.  Our site may contain links to third-party sites that are not under the control of or maintained by companies within the FUJIFILM Group. While we try to only link to sites that share our privacy and standards concerns, FUJIFILM does not control and we are not responsible for the content, security, privacy policies or the operation of third party sites. Further, if you opt to engage in transactions on third party sites linked to this site, such as purchases or promotions, we are not responsible and you must deal with the third party operators of such sites if any issues arise. As mentioned above, when visiting any site we suggest that you routinely review the applicable privacy policy or statement and other posted terms and conditions to understand your rights and options.
In-site search function.  Our in-site search function is provided by Drupal, no user data is indexed.
With third parties for legal reasons.  We will share personal data when we believe we are legally required to, such as:
Under applicable law or by legal process such as a court order.
To prevent physical harm or property damage, and to protect our rights, users, systems and services.
As part of an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful conduct.
To comply with and respond to requests from government agencies, including law enforcement and other public authorities, which may include such authorities outside your country of residence.
In the event of a merger, sale, restructure, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Except as otherwise notified in this Privacy Policy, your personal data will not be shared outside of the FUJIFILM Group.
How we store and process personal data.  As part of the FUJIFILM Group, the SonoSite Companies belong to a global organization which has networks, databases, servers, systems, support, help desks, third-party cloud hosting services, suppliers and technology support in locations throughout the world. In order to service the needs of the business, workforce, and customers of SonoSite Companies, personal data may be shared among SonoSite Companies and with the wider FUJIFILM Group.  FUJIFILM SonoSite, Inc., as data controller of all personal data collected on this website, takes appropriate steps to ensure that the personal data it collects is processed, secured, and transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy and requirements of applicable laws and regulations, including compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as it relates to companies collecting data in the United States. In this regard please note the following:
All personal data input by you through the use of this site is submitted directly to FUJIFILM in the United States.  By submitting your personal data through this site, you are hereby consenting to transfer of your personal data to FUJIFILM in the United States.
Your personal data submitted through this site will be shared with the local sales office of the VisualSonics Company relevant to your geographical location in order to provide you with services, products and support specific to your location, and it is likely that any marketing communications will be sent to you by the local sales office in your region.
How we secure personal data.  FUJIFILM takes the security of personal data it collects and retains seriously.  We are committed to safeguarding it and protecting against unauthorized access to, or use of, our information assets and any other anticipated threats or hazard to the security and integrity of such assets.  Measures we take to safeguard personal data include appropriate policies and procedures to address risk management, appropriate restrictions on access to personal data; monitoring and physical measures for the secure storage and transfer of personal data; training for employees and contractors with access to personal data; and vendor risk management requiring contractual obligations to protect any personal data with which they are entrusted in accordance with our security policies and procedures.  For more information on FUJIFILM’s information security program, please click here http://www.fujifilmusa.com/cybersecurity/index.html.
How long we keep personal data.  FUJIFILM has policies and procedures relating to the retention of personal data based upon a classification scheme consisting of business functions and process areas, and the classification and types of the data and records.  We retain personal data for as long as we reasonably require it for business and legal purposes.  In determining data retention periods, FUJIFILM considers contractual and legal obligations, and the expectations and requirements of customers, vendors, suppliers and others who share their personal data with us.  When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it.
Your right to access, correct, or delete your personal data.  We respect your right to access and control your personal data, and we will endeavor to respond to requests for information about personal data and, where applicable will correct, amend, or delete your personal data.
Access to personal data:  We will comply with requests for access to your personal data, subject to any relevant legal requirements and exemptions.  We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you reasonable access to any of your personal data we maintain within 30 days of your access request.  If we cannot honor your request within the 30-day period, we will inform you when we will be able to provide access. In the unlikely event that we cannot provide you access to this information, we will explain why we cannot do so. We will ask for proof of your identity in order to confirm your identity and that you are seeking access to personal data belonging to you, and also sufficient information about your interaction with us so that we can locate any relevant data.  We may also charge a fee for providing you with a copy of your data (except where this is not permissible under local law).
Correction to and deletion of personal data:  In some jurisdictions, you have the right to correct or amend your personal data if it is inaccurate or requires updating, and also the right to request deletion of your personal data.  Due to legal requirements and other obligations and factors, this is not always possible.  Remember that account information may be corrected, deleted, or updated by using the “Contact Us” option within the relevant service.  For inquiries of this nature, please contact us at info@visualsonics.com.
Opting out:  To opt out of marketing email, you can use the unsubscribe link found in the email communication you receive from us.  You may also use the “Contact Us” option within the relevant service to opt out and elect not to receive further emails from us.
Choices:  Some personal data is necessary in order to provide certain services.  However, you may choose to limit FUJIFILM’s use of your personal data by adjusting your browser settings, opting out, or you may contact us at info@visualsonics.com for more information regarding your choices.  Since personal data may be needed to process an order, if you choose not to participate, we may not be able to perform a requested service or complete a transaction.
Filing a Complaint.  EU residents have the right to make a complaint to a data protection regulator in the event of dissatisfaction with how FUJIFILM manages their personal data.  A list of National Data Protection Authorities can be found here:  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.  Please contact us at info@visualsonics.com with any requests related to your personal data.
Our Special Commitment to Children’s Privacy.  Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.  For that reason, we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13.  This website is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. If you are younger than 16, you may not use this website.
Do Not Track.  "Do Not Track" is a privacy preference that you can set in most browsers that sends a signal to a website that you do not want the website operator to track certain browsing information about you.  However, because our site is not configured to detect Do Not Track signals from a user’s computer, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track requests at this time.
Changes to the Privacy Policy.  FUJIFILM reserves the right to change, amend, or update this Privacy Policy.  If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on this site.  On return visits to our site, please remember to review the Privacy Policy which may have changed, since continued use of our site after any posted revision indicates your consent to our use of your information in accordance with the changed, amended, or updated Privacy Policy.
How to contact us.  If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you may wish to contact the data controller.
You may contact FUJIFILM SonoSite, Inc. via email at info@visualsonics.com or via mail at FUJIFILM SonoSite, Inc. Attention:  Information Security, 22011 30th Dr SE, Bothell, WA 98021  USA.
For marketing preferences and services support relating to updating your account information or email marketing preferences, or for technical support or other help with services, please use the “Contact Us” option for the relevant service.
Thank you for visiting FUJIFILM’s site.
© 2018 FUJIFILM VisualSonics, Inc. All rights reserved.
Share
Request a Quote or DemoContact Us
Copyright © 2020 FUJIFILM Visualsonics, Inc. All rights reserved. FUJIFILM Visualsonics, Inc is a subsidiary of FUJIFILM Sonosite, Inc.
FUJIFILM VisualSonics, Inc. 3080 Yonge Street, Suite 6100, Box 66 Toronto, ON, Canada M4N 3N1