https://www.surface-repair.com/privacy-policy.html
Loading... Please wait...
a MULTI-TECH PRODUCTS site
View Cart
Sign in
Log out
Contact Us
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
Colors
Technical Info
Instructions SDSSafety PrecautionsWhat to Expect?How to Know?
About Us
Blog
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
SHOP REPAIR PRODUCTS
DIY Bathtub and Shower Repair Kits
Marine Repair Products
Complete Refinish Aerosols
Granite Spa and Hot Tub DIY Repair Kit
Nick Fix Touch-Up
Structural Repair Kits
ABS Plastic Spa Pan Repair Kit
Bath Tub and Shower Non-Skid Application
Buffing and Polishing Tools and Accessories
Instructional DVDs
Plexus Plastic Cleaner Protectant and Polish
High Gloss Clear Overcoat Aerosol
Solvents and Accessories
Safety and Protection
Popular Brands
By Aquatic Lasco Colors By American Standard Colors by Americh Colors By Aqua Glass Masco Delta Colors By Jacuzzi Brand Colors By Kohler Colors By Maax Aker Brand Colors By Sterling Vikrell Colors
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: ; To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), our policy is located at .Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. https://www.surface-repair.com/41519 Cherry StreetMurrieta, California 92562USAorders@multitechproducts.com(951) 834-9066
All prices are in USD
Copyright 2020 Surface Repair.
Sitemap |
Powered by: Multi-Tech Products