http://www.pumex.co.uk/privacy-policy
home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy Statement (We are waiting on the Modern Slavery Policy statement which will also need to go on there)
When you submit an enquiry via our website, we ask you for your name, contact telephone number and email address. We use this information to respond to your query, including providing you with any requested information about our products and services.
We may also email you several times after your enquiry in order to follow up on your interest and ensure that we have answered your enquiry to your satisfaction. We will do this based on our legitimate interest in providing accurate information prior to a sale.
Your enquiry is stored and processed on the company CRM system and is not shared with any third parties. We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you.
We keep enquiries for two years, after which they are securely archived for seven years, when we delete them. CRM records are kept for three years after the last contact with you. RBHLTD are part of OBG.
Our group address is Ayrton House, Parliament Business Park, Commerce Way, Liverpool, L8 7BA. You can contact us by post at the above address or by email at dataprotection@obg.co.uk We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time to time, and as our services and use of personal data evolves. If we want to make use of your personal data in a way that we haven’t previously identified, we will contact you to provide information about this and if necessary to ask for your consent.
Our company is not required to have a data protection officer, so any enquiries about our use of your personal data should be addressed to the contact details above. Under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (GDPR) we have a legitimate interest for collating this information.
We will process your data for recruitment purposes only. Any information you provide is stored internally and we will not share it with any third parties unless we have a legal obligation to do so.
We intend to keep your data for a period of 12 months as per our retention policy. When this period is over, we will delete your data or if your application is successful your personal data obtained during the recruitment process will be transferred to your personnel file and retained for the length of your service at our company.
The organisation may also collect personal data about you from third parties, such as references supplied by former employers. Information requests from third parties will only be made once a job offer has been made. At any time, you may exercise your individual rights under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016.
You are not under any statutory or contractual obligation to provide data to the organisation during the recruitment process. However, if you do not provide the information required we may not be able to process your application.
If you would like to more information on the data we are storing about you or you would like to withdraw consent, you can do so by contacting dataprotection@obg.co.uk
Home
Markets
Products
Company
Partners
Quality
Contact
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy