https://www.californiasportssurfaces.com/privacy/
Privacy - California Sports Surfaces
Skip to content
About Us
Court Colorizer
International Distributors
Contact Us
Systems by Sport
Basketball
Pickleball
Roller Sports
Tennis
Track
Netball
Cricket
Multi-Purpose
Our Grand Slam Brands
Product Brands
Decoturf®
Plexipave®
Rebound Ace®
Premier Sports Coatings®
Plexitrac®
SignaSports™
Sport Tough™
StreetScape
Applications
Portfolio
Privacy
Please note that the practices of Innovative Chemical Products (ICP Group) with respect to any data collected and used in connection with this website (hereafter referred as the “Site”), are governed by this online Privacy Policy as amended from time to time, and not the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the data was collected. Please regularly review our Privacy Policy. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the products and services enabled by the Site.
The Site and the products and services are intended for adult audiences, and ICP Group does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
As a visitor to this Site, you can engage in many activities without providing any personal information.
ICP Group may collect information about the use of the products and services and the Site, such as the number of downloads, types of services used, how many users we receive daily, and the IP/Internet address of your computer. This information is collected in aggregate form, without identifying any user individually. ICP Group may use this aggregate, non-identifying statistical data for improving the Site, improving the products and services, providing more relevant experiences to our visitors, and for statistical analysis.
Protection of your Personal Information
The personal information that you may provide in connection with registering yourself as a user of this Site or of the products and services is classified as Registration Information. Registration Information is not necessary to access many parts of this Site. A password may be required for any Members-Only information.
Privacy Complaints
ICP Group takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that ICP Group has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information, you may write to the following address:
Attn: IT DirectorICP Group150 Dascomb RoadAndover, MA 01810
In your letter, please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly.
Also, please note that ICP Group is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-ICP Group websites to which this Site or any other ICP Group website may link. You should review the privacy policy of such sites before using the sites.
© Copyright ICP Group. All rights reserved.
News
Terms
Privacy
Sitemap
Copyright 2020 © California Sports Surfaces
Systems by Sport
Our Grand Slam Brands
Product Brands
Applications
Portfolio
About Us
Court Colorizer
Contact Us