http://www.insala.com/privacy?hsLang=en-us
Software
Career Management
Mentoring
Coaching
Career Transition
Alumni
Services
Career Management Readiness
Mentoring Readiness
Coaching Readiness
Training
Industries
Resources
eBooks
Webinars
Blog
ROI Calculator
About
Our Team
People Analytics
Security
Contact
Request Demo
Login
English - United States
Español
Français
Italiano
Português
Privacy Policy
Contents
Privacy Policy Overview
This Privacy Policy applies to the following websites: www.insala.com, www.employmenttalk.com and www.mentoringtalent.com which are owned and operated by Insala Limited of 24 Southwark St., The Hop Exchange, Suite 23 to 26, 1st Floor, London, England, United Kingdom, SE1 1TY and its wholly owned subsidiary Insala, LLC,  2100 N. Greenville Avenue, Suite 400, Richardson TX 75082 (together “Insala” except where noted as Insala, LLC). This Privacy Policy describes how Insala collects, uses and protects the personal data our clients and their employees provide to us and states how this information can be accessed, updated and removed. For ease of reference we will refer to our website users as “users” or “you.” It also describes Insala, LLC’s commitment to compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles as further described below. To learn more about the Privacy Shield and to obtain a copy of the Privacy Shield Principles, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov
When Insala acts as a Data Processor
As a leading global provider of talent development software and consulting, Insala’s mission is to connect organizations and people throughout their shared career journeys.
This Privacy Policy applies to all data processing operations concerning personal information that has been received within the EU and personal information transferred from the EU to the United States.
Any data we process will not be further disclosed to third parties except where permitted or required by the processing contract, Privacy Shield, EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or the applicable Member State Data Protection law. The processing contract will specify that the processing will be carried out with appropriate data security measures. Insala has established and maintains security measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Insala may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including requests to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Prior to the transfer of personal information from the EU to the United States, Insala requires contractual acknowledgement from the relevant EU controller that the personal data has been provided to Insala in compliance with the applicable EU Member State Data Protection law, thereby ensuring the data subjects have been provided with proper notice regarding how their personal data will be used.
Notice
When personal data is collected directly from data subjects in the EU, Insala provides the data subject with notice concerning how the personal data will be used and transferred to third parties.
Purposes
This Policy tells you, among other things, what information we gather from you through our Site, how we may use or disclose that information, and our on-going commitment to protect it. Please read this Policy carefully and feel free to contact us at support@insala.com if you have any questions regarding its contents. If you have any complaints, the dispute resolution process is described below.
Before or with your use of our Site, we may collect a variety of information from and about you in different ways. When you supply information through our website, we store certain personal information such as your name and e-mail address. However, under no circumstance do we use the personal information submitted beyond the scope of this privacy policy. Read on for more information.
We use the personal information you provide to register you as a user of the Site, to administer Site usage to monitor traffic-levels, and to contact you regarding improvements we can make to our Site and our services, if necessary. We may use your e-mail address to contact you directly regarding services, products, or information that we believe may be of interest to you. We will not use your information for any purpose that you have not authorized.
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell, rent or share any information we collect as part of our services to any third parties without your consent. We may release resumes and registration information we collect through our service, known as Employment Information, only to potential employers you indicate through your account. We do not make any employment information available to potential employers until you do so yourself or you tell us that you would like us to do so. Prior to disclosure, we will ensure to the highest extent possible that potential employers are also in compliance with applicable privacy law.
From time to time, as stated above, we may also disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is legally required or necessary to protect others' rights or to prevent harm.
If Insala is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Choice
You may choose to restrict our use of your information. If you are a user of our websites, you may restrict distribution of your information by indicating such restrictions when asked. On our websites, you have the option to remove your name and personal information from any information that will or may be disclosed to a third party (opt out).
We do not typically collect sensitive categories of information, such as your medical or health conditions, ethnic or racial origin, political or religious beliefs, trade union membership or information concerning your health or sexual orientation, and if any of this type of information is collected within our Sites, we will not disclose such information to any third party without your affirmative authorization (opt in) on the Site.
We will not use your information for any purpose other than for those purposes you have authorized and we will not use your information for a purpose that is incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally authorized by you. We will treat as sensitive any information that we receive from a third party where the third party treats and identifies it as sensitive.
When you opt in to receive our communications you may later opt out in two ways.
You may opt out of receiving the communications by canceling your subscription. To cancel a subscription, send an email to support@insala.comalong with your username and, within the email subject or body, enter the words "Cancel Subscription."
You may also opt out of communications by clicking on the opt-out feature found at the bottom of any communication. When you click on this opt-out feature, follow the instructions provided as they change from time to time and you will no longer receive communication.
You will be notified when your personal information is to be collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether to share your information with that party.
If your personal information changes, you may correct or update it by logging into your account and clicking on your full name at the top right-hand side of the page.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time, our sites request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as postal codes or zip codes). Contact information will be used and/or shared with the contest or survey sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes. Anonymous Survey and Contest information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users' personal information is not shared with third parties unless we give you prior notice and give you a choice to opt out. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personal information for any secondary purposes.
Use of Log Files, Cookies, and Web Beacons
Log Files
Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personal information. IP addresses are tied to personal information to enable our Web-based service. We use software that reads log files to analyze user movement.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Insala and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers including server health and usage (NewRelic, Google Analytics) and customer support (Zendesk). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
Onward Transfer (Transfers to Third Parties)
We will apply the Notice and Choice policies discussed above in the event we propose to disclose your information to a third party. If we propose to disclose your information to a third party that is acting as our agent or on our behalf, we will ensure that the third party has agreed to abide by the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield described below or can otherwise assure adequate protection of your information. We may seek to assure adequate protection, for example, by executing written agreements with third parties requiring such parties to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Privacy Shield. These third-party service providers are authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Data Integrity
We want your information to be reliable for the use you intend, and that it is accurate, complete, and current. To assist us in keeping your information current for its intended purposes, we encourage you to update your information on the Site as frequently as is necessary. We may periodically send you a notice asking you to visit the Site and update your information. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users via email or by posting a notice on our website for 30 days prior to the change becoming effective.
Testimonials
We post client testimonials on our website which may contain personal information such as the client’s name. We do obtain the client’s written consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@insala.com.
Links to Other Sites
This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Insala. Please be aware that we, Insala, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site, and to review the privacy policies of each website that collects personal information. This Privacy Policy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Social Media Widgets
Our website includes social media features such as the Facebook share button and related widgets that connect shareable content on our site to social media. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
California Residents
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), your privacy rights include the following rights:
to access your information;
request additional details about how we collect, use, disclose or sell your information, if applicable;
request we delete your information;
to opt-out of the sale of your information, if applicable; and
not to receive discriminatory treatment from us based on your exercising your CCPA rights.
We do not sell your personal information, except where you explicitly consent to such sale and where we have provided you with information about how your information may be sold and your ability to opt-out of such sale at the time of collection.
To make a request under CCPA, please contact us at support@insala.com.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Compliance
Insala Limited complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.  Insala Limited has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
Complaint Process
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Insala Limited commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Insala Limited) at: support@insala.comInsala Limited has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/ for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. You may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Insala Limited commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
Notification of Changes to this Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the homepage of the Site for a reasonable period after such changes are made, that this Privacy Policy has been updated, and by changing the Effective Date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site and participation in following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
© Insala Copyright 2020.
Updated Policy: July 6, 2020.
Insala is a pioneer and industry leader recognized by Global 1000 and Fortune 500 companies and associations internationally, for 20+ years as a leader in Career Management, Mentoring, Coaching, Career Transition, Alumni Software solutions and People Analytics.
Software
Career Management
Mentoring
Coaching
Career Transition
Alumni
Services
Career Management Readiness
Mentoring Readiness
Coaching Readiness
About
Our Team
People Analytics
Security
Contact
Resources
Blog
ROI Calculator
© 2020 Insala. All rights reserved.  Accessibility | Privacy Policy