http://www.bayleysboxes.com/store-policies
icon-star
arrow
cart
lazy-arrow
search
close
hamburger
refine
facebook
flickr
google-plus
instagram
kickstarter
linkedin
mail
pinterest
print
rss
spotify
stumbleupon
tumblr
twitter
vimeo
vine
youtube
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
icon-apple-pay
lock
plus
View All Our Boxes
Bag Boxes
Small 5"x 3½"x2"
Large 7"x 5"x2½"
Business Card Boxes
Cake Slice Boxes
Small 4"x2"x2"
Large 5¼"x2½"x2½"
Jumbo 6½"x3½"x3½"
CD Packaging
CD Envelopes
CD Briefcases
CD Pouches
Certificate Envelopes
Chair Boxes
Circus Boxes
Crayon Boxes
Cube Boxes
Small 2¼"x2¼"x2¼"
Large 3½"x3½"x3½"
Cube Boxes With Handle
Small
2¼"x2¼"x2¼"
Medium 3"x3"x3"
Large 3¾"x3¾"x3¾"
Flower Shaped Boxes
Mini 3"x2½"x½"
Large 5"x4½"x1½"
Gable Boxes
Mini
3"x2"x2"
Small 4"x2½"x2½"
Large 4½"x3"x3"
Gift Card Holders
Briefcase Style
Purse Style
CD Pouch
Small Pillow Boxes
Heart Shaped Boxes
Mini 1½"x1½"x1"
Small 3½"x3"x1½"
Heart Closure 2½"x2½"x2½"
Pentagon Boxes
Petal Boxes
Small 4"x4"x1"
Large 4"x4"x3"
Pillow Boxes
Mini 3"x2"x1"
Small 4¼"x 3"x1"
Large 6½"x 5"x2"
Jumbo 5½"x7"x2½"
Purse Boxes
Pyramid Boxes
Soap Boxes
Square Boxes
Take Out Boxes
Triangle Boxes
Trinket Boxes
Tuck Top Boxes
Twist Top Boxes
Two Piece Boxes
Accessories
Box Of Blossoms
Foil Embossed Seals
Gift Tags
Paper Box Belts
Information
FAQs
About Our Papers
About Us
Store Policies
Wholesale Info
Links & Ideas
Wedding Favor Boxes
Jewelry Packaging
Uniquely Shaped Boxes
Recycled Gift Boxes
Closeouts & Specials
Favor Box Blog
Box Samples
Contact Us
Account
Home
>
Information
>
Store Policies
>
"What Are Bayley's Boxes Store Policies?"
Bayley’s Boxes provides small gift boxes for sale. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Bayley's Boxes, Inc.This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:• What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.• What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.• The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.• How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Bayley's Boxes Inc. is a Custom Gift Box and Packaging Manufacturer
Information Collection, Use and Sharing.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. When you visit our site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our web site for small gift boxes for sale.Similar to other commercial web sites, our site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and web server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the web sites visited just before and just after our site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual. These cookies are also used for remarketing purposes. Remarketing is the process of marketing small gift boxes for sale to users who have already been on our site. When somebody visits our site their cookie is assigned to a list within a third party providers advertising network; for example Google. This list is then compiled to show previous visitors visual ads across Google’s Display Network (GDN) while surfing the Internet. If users want to opt out of the remarketing campaign they can do so, however this will impact the quality of advertising as it will be less relevant and useful across Google Display Network.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed and designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers’ personal information.What Are Cookies?Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?We use web site browser software tools such as cookies and server logs to gather information about our site users browsing activities in order to constantly improve our web site and better serve our customers. This information assists us in designing and arranging our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers who are looking for small gift boxes for sale.Your Access to and Control Over Information.You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:• See what data we have about you, if any.• Change/correct any data we have about you.• Have us delete any data we have about you.• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, site traffic patterns and related site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties. This information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.What about Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so. In other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?We are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from our site nor the information or content contained therein.Security.We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page that collects your credit card data. We have small gift boxes for sale and this is serious to us.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 303.582.0796 or sales@bayleysboxes.com.We request information from you on our order form. To buy small gift boxes for sale from us, you must provide contact information (like name & shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number & expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any purposes beyond filling your order.Bayley's Boxes Inc. Custom Box Manufacturer Service Guarantee.If your Bayley's Boxes purchase fails to meet your expectations for any reason, please return it within two weeks for an exchange, or a full and prompt refund of the merchandise purchase price. Sorry, since we manufacture each order as it is received, we cannot offer refunds or exchanges on orders of more than 200 pieces. We suggest orders of more than 200 pieces request a sample prior to ordering small gift boxes for sale.Bayley's Boxes Inc. Manufacturer & Distributor of Paper Gift and Favor Boxes PO Box 73 Black Hawk, Colorado 80422 sales@bayleysboxes.comBayley's Boxes Inc., manufacturing small gift boxes for sale in the USA since 1999.
Your cart is empty.