https://www.citypassenger.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy covers the websites: www.citypassenger.com, owned and operated by Citypassenger (the “Company”) and any services which we provide.
Citypassenger offers IT solutions to allow companies to take back control over their IT.
Citypassenger’s solution (the “product”, the “service”) is our tool and service that enables the delivery and tracking of advertisements
Our solution is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy rights of mobile users and of applications & services.
We refer to two categories of users of the Site and Services: “Agencies” and “Advertisers,” who use our technology to deliver advertisements to Ad networks, Publishers in their mobile, tablet applications or mobile websites, and “End Users,” who are visitors or users of our Site, individual users of mobile, tablet applications or individual visitors of a mobile website.
By visiting the Site or using the Services, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the policy, you forego your right to access the Sites or to use any of the Services.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about your privacy or our privacy policy, please contact us at “privacy@citypassenger.com”.
You may also write to us at :
Citypassenger
1 avenue de l’Atlantique, Les Conquérants BP 903, 91976 Courtaboeuf Cedex FRANCE
SITES
The Site and services are primarily directed toward Agencies, Advertisers, and Ad networks; when you connect, we may collect the following information:
When you register to the Site or the Service, we ask you for basic registration information, such as your name, company, position, address, email address, phone, fax, and other contact information;
We may ask you for voluntary personal information at other times, including, but not limited to, when you report a problem with the Service;
Personal Identifiable Information is information that can be used to contact you or determine your specific identity. When other information is linked to this information, it also becomes Personally Identifiable Information;
We may also automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, your computer’s name, the type and the version of your web browser, referrer addresses, and other generally accepted log information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other general statistical and tracking information.
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
Like most Internet sites, Citypassenger uses Cookies, which are small amounts of data, which often include an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Each website can send its own Cookies to your browser, if your browser’s preferences allow it, however, to protect your privacy, most browsers only permit a website to access the Cookies that the same website has already sent to you, not the Cookies sent to you by other sites.
These do not allow us to personally identify you. We do not install spyware and protect our systems from being a conduit for malware.
When you contact us via contact forms on the Sites, send emails or conduct other communications to Citypassenger, we may retain those communications in order to process your requests.
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
We use the information we collect from you and your users to:
Provide our products and services to users, including the display of customized content, identification, contact, information, and authentication;
Ensure the technical functionality of our products, services, and network;
Improve our products and services;
Better understand the products and services that are of interest to our users.
We may use Personally Identifiable Information in an aggregate form to gain a broader perspective of what preferences our users have and to measure interest in the various areas of the Site. In some cases, email addresses or phone numbers may be used to contact users regarding service updates, confirmations, or opt-in surveys.
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS PROTECTED
Citypassenger does not share your Personal Information except as provided in this Policy or approved by you. We share Personal Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information collected via the Site with other companies or individuals as follows:
With other companies or individuals that help us operate our business, such as with vendors that assist us in sending email, marketing, and customer service;
With any of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us, in which case we will require them to honor this policy. Additionally, in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred;
With third parties to whom you ask us to send Personal Information.
In addition, we may aggregate your anonymous information with the anonymous information of others and share that aggregated information with third parties without restriction.
Citypassenger restricts access to Personal Information to employees, contractors, and agents who need to know the information in order to operate, develop or improve our services and to service our customers. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that these parties comply with confidentiality obligations. They may not use such information for any purpose other than providing such services to our Company.
Citypassenger may also share personal information if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
Enforce or investigate violations of applicable Terms of Service;
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Citypassenger, its employees, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law;
Allow service providers, vendors, contractors, and other agents to fulfill their obligations on behalf of Citypassenger.
Citypassenger may sell all or certain of our assets, business or Sites. In the event there is an acquisition or sale of some or all the assets of Citypassenger or any product or service thereof, personal information may be shared with relevant or prospective buyers. Citypassenger will work in good faith to ensure these or similar privacy rights will be conveyed through any such purchase.
Citypassenger may share aggregate information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS ACCESSED OR CORRECTED
You can access or correct certain personal information, such as applicable passwords, directly in the Account sections of the Sites. If you have provided Personal Information such as your email address when registering for our Sites, you may modify that information at any time by visiting your Account settings. Notably, since we may use your username as the account identifier, you may not be able to change your username. In addition, you can delete your account at any time. Keep in mind, however, that even if you delete your account, we may retain your Personal Information in conformance with our data retention policy, under which we may retain such information to comply with laws, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law. There may be residual Personal Information that remains within our databases, access logs, and other records. In addition, we are not responsible for updating or removing your Personal Information already disclosed to third parties who have been provided information as permitted by this Policy. You can opt out of receiving certain email communications from the Site by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. Please note that even if you unsubscribe or opt-out, we may still send you Site and Service related communications.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Service is not directed to children (persons under the age of 13), and we do not knowingly collect, either online or offline, Personally Identifiable Information from children. If we become aware that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database.
TABLET, MOBILE DEVICES WEBSITES AND APPLICATIONS
Citypassenger is a provider of technology, tools, and services that enable the delivery of advertising on Ad networks, Publisher mobile devices, websites and apps, and allow Agencies and Advertisers to learn more about their advertisements through a set of analytic tools. Our technology does not collect Personally Identifiable Information about you. We do not gather any personal information such as your name, mailing address, phone number, etc. We are looking at impressions, click and post-click traffic in aggregate, trying to determine how the advertisements can be optimized, which are the most efficient publishers and formats, …
As a service provider, Citypassenger makes every effort to protect user privacy. However, Citypassenger does not control the privacy practices of the Ad Networks, Publishers or Advertisers. For details on an individual Publisher’s privacy policies, we recommend visiting or contacting the Publisher directly.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an ad on a site or an app which uses our services, we collect information about the ad that you have viewed. This information does not enable us to work out your identity in real life but does enable us to recognize from which advertisements you are coming from.
We may specifically collect the information about the ad you have viewed or clicked.
We collect some or all of the following information about the ad you have viewed, clicked: (i) the content type of the ad (what the ad is about, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news); (ii) the ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, rich media or video-based ad); (iii) where the ad is being served (e.g. the address of the website on which the ad appears); and (iv) certain information about post-click activity in relation to the ad (e.g. whether you proceed to fill in form, purchase the product or service advertised).
COOKIES / FINGER PRINT
We only use a session Cookie to track from which format, publisher or ad network the User is coming to view a mobile website. The cookie only contains a unique track id per format, publisher and ad network, and will expire after 20 minutes.
In certain instances, Citypassenger may use HTML5 storage for enabling, tracking functionalities within an ad, or for counting purposes. This can be removed by clearing your browser’s cache.
In other instances, Citypassenger solution may use all public information provided by user navigation:
User-Agent: string sent to the web server which specifies the client’s software navigation, smartphone OS version;
Accept-Encoding: data which indicates whether the request supports encodings;
Accept-language: indicates what the acceptable languages for response are;
Accept-charset: indicates which character sets are acceptable.
Citypassenger reconciles this data to track the user along ad navigation:
Ad display;
Ad clicks;
Click to store
Download of an application.
HOW INFORMATION IS SHARED
We share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with the Agencies, Advertisers, Ad-Networks who use the CityPassenger technology to deliver advertisements for their own analytics purposes.
Advertisers, Agencies can use filters to refine the data by publishers, format, type of advertisement, time period, geography, and other options. All of this information is anonymous and only available to Agencies/ Advertisers on an aggregated basis.
Any of our subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us are required to honor this Policy. Additionally, in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, we expect that any and all information that we have will be among the assets transferred. In addition, we may aggregate your Non-Personally Identifiable Information with the Non-Personally Identifiable Information of others and share that aggregated information with third parties without restriction.
CityPassenger may share aggregate, anonymous Non-Personally Identifiable Information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
GENERAL INFORMATION
Changes to this privacy policy
CityPassenger may change this privacy policy from time to time. If we make any changes regarding disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to the third parties, we will post conspicuous notice of the new policy on our homepage.
International Users
The Site and Services are hosted in France. If you access the Site or Services from the European Union, Asia, United States or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from French laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Site or Services, you are transferring your Personal Information to France and are consenting to that transfer. Additionally, you understand that your Personal Information may be processed in countries where laws regarding processing Personal Information may be less stringent than in your country.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or our use of your information, please email:
“privacy@citypassenger.com”.
Découvrez nos offres
Elaborez votre propre solution
Votre LAN en SaaS
Contactez-nous
S'inscrire aux Newsletters
Accès rapide
Accueil
Intégration
Offres
Cas clients
Solutions
Blog
FAQs
Support
Aide
Help Center
Contactez-nous
Rejoignez-nous
Contactez-nous
Citypassenger USA:
Téléphone: +1 (438) 899 8010
Citypassenger Europe: Téléphone: +33 800 90 13 85
Copyrights © 2019-2020 Citypassenger – All Rights Reserved -					Politique de confidentialité
Termes et conditions
Nous utilisons des cookies afin d'améliorer votre expérience de navigation.
Vous pouvez trouver plus d'information sur les cookies que nous utilisons dans les paramètres.
Accepter
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Résumé de la politique de confidentialité
Cookies strictement nécessaires
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Résumé de la politique de confidentialité
Ce site utilise des cookies afin que nous puissions vous fournir la meilleure expérience utilisateur possible. Les informations sur les cookies sont stockées dans votre navigateur et remplissent des fonctions telles que vous reconnaître lorsque vous revenez sur notre site Web et aider notre équipe à comprendre les sections du site que vous trouvez les plus intéressantes et utiles.
Cookies strictement nécessaires
Cette option doit être activée à tout moment afin que nous puissions enregistrer vos préférences pour les réglages de cookie.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Si vous désactivez ce cookie, nous ne pourrons pas enregistrer vos préférences. Cela signifie que chaque fois que vous visitez ce site, vous devrez activer ou désactiver à nouveau les cookies.
Tout autoriser
Sauvegarder les changements