http://www.edfed.com/privacy.php
America's Top Student Loan Provider
Effective: (08/01/2006) EdFed is committed to protecting the privacy of our users, and we are firmly devoted to maintaining your trust in us. We work extremely hard at safeguarding our clients' important information and keeping it secure. Our privacy policy is designed to help you understand our genuine dedication to preserving your privacy. Your personal informationEdFed limits the collection and use of customer information to that which is required to provide quality services to our customers. During the course of processing your loan application, we collect the following types of information:
Information we receive from you, such as your name, contact information, and social security number;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or relevant third-parties; and
Information that we obtain from the government's National Student Loan Data System, or in the case of private loans, information that we may obtain from a consumer credit reporting agency regarding your creditworthiness.EdFed strictly limits the sharing of information about you and your application. Only authorized employees have access to your information. Each employee of EdFed signs a strict confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement to ensure your privacy. All employees are made aware of the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers' information. We will not disclose information to third parties unless we have previously informed the customer, have been authorized by the customer, or are obligated by law. EdFed will never sell any personal information about any of our customers to any third parties. We will never sell your e-mail address or any other contact information to any third parties for any purpose. When you supply personal information about yourself for a specific purpose, we use the information for only that purpose (such as to provide the service or information you have requested.) By providing us with your personally identifiable information, you are thereby permitting us to immediately verify your eligibility (e.g. determine your creditworthiness, if applicable) for any and all of the services Graduate School Loans provides. Your contact information may also be used to contact you when necessary in order to respond to your inquiries regarding the service. Every communication with EdFed is held in strictest confidence and handled with integrity. Your personal information will not be disclosed to third parties under any circumstances, except as disclosed in this privacy statement. Some of the financial services we offer require that we disclose certain information to particular third parties. This includes information we have received from you in your application such as your name and contact information, as well as information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or relevant third-parties. We may disclose such information to third party financial service providers or non-financial companies that provide specific services or functions in the course of our business. Except as otherwise provided for by law, you may opt out of any disclosures that we might make by writing us at the following address: EdFed, 175 S. Lake Ave., Suite 200, Pasadena, CA 91101. If you have already submitted an application to us, we may continue to disclose any information that is necessary for the processing of your application, unless you specifically request the cancellation of your application and we receive such request at least three days before the disbursement of any funds. EdFed is one of the Juriscape companies, which include Attorney Research Group, BCG Attorney Search, CLE Authority, EdFed, Employment Crossing, General Counsel Consulting, Hound.com, JD Journal, JD2B, Judged, Law Firm Staff, Professional Authority, Resume Apple, and Southlake Properties LLC. Each company is a distinct and separately incorporated entity, and each company's databases and servers are maintained independently. Each employee of each company signs a strict confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement, ensuring that they do not disclose your private information to any other person or company. Your personal information will absolutely never be shared with any other Juriscape company. Personally identifiable information is stored on our database and is not publicly accessible. All EdFed employees must sign non-disclosure contracts that ensure the confidentiality of all personally identifiable information before gaining access to such information. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, and meets or exceeds all industry standards for the protection and confidentiality of personally identifiable information. The site uses 128 bit SSL encryption to safeguard all financial information. The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as your social security number) on our registration or application forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at privacy@EdFed.com Should any material changes be made to the manner in which we use personally identifiable information, EdFed will post the changes on this webpage. Opt-outYou may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from EdFed by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any automatic e-mail update or alert that you receive, or by sending an e-mail to opt-out@EdFed.com. You may also send correspondence to the following address: EdFed175 S. Lake Avenue, Suite 200Pasadena, CA 91101 Furthermore, you may opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails from other Juriscape companies at any time by clicking on the appropriate "unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any such e-mail. Correct/updateIf your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct or update it by logging into your account or by contacting us by telephone at 800-821-5659 or by postal mail at the contact information listed above. CookiesLike other websites, we use cookies to enhance your visit to our website. Cookies will not be used to collect any personal information or to identify individual visitors. Rather, they may be used to collect information about your browser session, such as time and date, length of session, or pages visited. We do not collect any personal information via our website unless you actually provide such information. Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) may potentially use cookies on our site. In such circumstances, we would have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by this site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Refer-A-Friend, Testimonials and Live ChatIf you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, you are asked to provide a friend's name and email address. EdFed will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. EdFed does not store this information. Live Chat help is provided in real-time format on EdFed. The user is not required to provide any identifying information in order to make use of the Live Chat function. Any information, such as a name or username, that is shown to the Customer Service representative conducting the Live Chat is provided voluntarily by the user and is discarded when the chat session expires. Any information that is received in the Live Chat sessions is utilized only for the purpose the user intends it to be used for, and is not saved unless the user requests an action of the Customer Service representative that requires it be saved. Any testimonials that are provided through the site are published only with a customer's first name, last initial, city, and state. Testimonials can also be published anonymously, with initials only, or with first name and last initial only. Legal disclaimerWe may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on EdFed. ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. For more informationIf you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding this statement, please e-mail privacy@EdFed.com.
How EdFed Helped others!
EdFed helped me to consolidate my private loans at a low interest rate and reduced my monthly payments by $87.00 Their loan specialist were very knowledgeable and helped me through the entire process . I have recommended them to all of my colleagues.
- Frank P.  Montpelier, VT
* Your Name:
* Your E-mail Address:
We respect your privacy.
* Your Friend's name:
* Your Friend's E-mail address:
Include a Message:
+ Privacy Policy
call:
(800) 821-5659
Student Loan Consolidation Info - How to Choose the Right Loan Company
The Career Resources column is presented by Granted, America's leading job search engine dedicated to getting people jobs.
Education is one of the most basic right of any human, but with the increase in prices and the costs involved in education this has made these rights turn into a privilege which very few can enjoy. Any normal person today in the whole of United States has to take an education loan at one point of time to pay for their education fees.
read more
CONSOLIDATION NEWS
Schools Will No Longer Receive Paper FAFSA Forms (September 20, 2007)
news desk
CALCULATORS
Stafford Loan Payment Calculator
PLUS Loan Payment Calculator
Loan Consolidation Payment Calculator
Our income-sensitive repayment option provides for payments to be adjusted annually based on your expected total monthly gross income from employment and all other sources.
Comprehensive List of Schools at which EdFed Assists Students.
EdFed is a FFELP lender with lender identification number 834241. © Copyright 2020 EdFed. All Rights Reserved.
Home · About Us · Contact Us · News · SitemapCareer Advice · Tell a Friend · Privacy Policy · Resume Service
Resume Distribution Service · Post Resume · Job Search Course
EDFED NEWSLETTERS
Sign up for the latest news on student loans.
Email Address:
High School - Freshman
High School - Sophomore
High School - Junior
High School - Senior
College - Freshman
College - Sophomore
College - Junior
College - Senior
Graduate Student
Campus Professional
College Graduate
Parent
+ Most Recent Newsletter
+ Newsletter Archives