http://www.bonbon.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
AUTUMN SALE UPTO 35% OFF
OPTIMIZE YOUR SPACE
+44 (0)20
7352 5202
info@bonbon.co.uk
GBP
EUR
USD
CHF
SEK
NOK
DKK
0
Home
About
Contact information
Why us
Showroom
Collections
Sofas and sofa beds
Single chair / sofa
beds
Double / king sizes sofa beds
Everyday sofa beds
Sofa bunk beds
Horizontal sofa beds
Electric sofa beds
Corner sofas and sofa beds
Bonbon Living collection
Milano Bedding collection
Wall beds / Murphy beds
Single wall beds
Double / King size wall beds
Vertical wall beds
Horizontal wall beds
Swivel wall beds
Sofa wall beds
Table wall beds
Wall bunk beds
Clei collection
Clei Living solutions
Clei Young solution
Beds and storage beds
Storage beds / ottoman beds
Beds
Cantori collection
Tables and consoles
Coffee tables
Dining tables
Consoles
Bonbon Living collection
Ozzio collection
Chairs and ottomans
Chairs
Ottomans
Aeris collection
Shop Online
Wall beds
Sofa beds
Tables and Consoles
Ex-display
Fast delivery
B2B
Contract and trade division
Online offers
EX-DISPLAY SALE LONDON
All online models
Chairs and ottomans
Sofa beds
Tables and consoles
Wall beds
Fast delivery
COVID-19
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to BONBON COMPACT LIVING!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TERMS OF USE
Copyright of all documents, images and texts published on Bonbon.co.uk World Wide Web Site are owned by Bonbon Compact Living (BCL) and/or our trading partners.
BCL and/or its subsidiaries authorise you to reproduce the documents for informational, non-commercial purposes only, provided that our copyright notice appears in each and all copies of the documents or portions thereof.
BCL and/or its subsidiaries specifically retains all rights, including copyright, which it may have in data, files, images and/or text and the multimedia they contain. Commercial publication, copying or redistribution of these documents or portions thereof in any manner for personal or corporate gain is prohibited without Written authorisation from BCL
Access to and use of the Bonbon.co.uk World Wide Web Site constitutes acceptance of these terms an conditions.
The information you provide is only available to Bonbon Compact Living and will not be shared with other third parties. You have the right to check and delete the information we hold about you, simply click Request Personal Data to do so.The personal information you provide us with will only be used to market and deliver your orders. We do not make credit assessments. If you want to pay via 3rd party services that are provided, they may do credit check, but we are not connected to this check and do not take, keep or store any information related to them.
COOKIES:How we use cookiesWe use cookies for the different reasons detailed here below. In most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features that they add to websites.  It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling cookiesYou can prevent the use of cookies by adjusting your browser settings (see your browser help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually also result in disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The cookies we useAccount related cookiesIf you create an account with us then our system will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.Login related cookiesWe use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.Orders processing related cookiesThis site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.Forms related cookiesWhen you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.Third party cookiesIn some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use our site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.  For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; ( Facebook, Instagram, twitter and YouTube}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
If you have any further question regarding your privacy please email us and remember that you can check and delete any information we hold about you, by clicking on Request Personal Data.
Enjoy or site
Bonbon Compact Living
Help and advice
Catalogue and video library
Contact information
Contract division
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Press
Why us
We specialise in space-saving furniture and have done so for more than 20 years, having supplied many furniture stores across the United Kingdom including both Selfridges and Harrods.
Our price promise
Our promise to you. We are committed to offering the best price for any of the products that we sell to our customers. If you find exactly the same product sold at a lower prices, we will better or match any written quotation.
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about d and special promotions.
© 2020 BONBON COMPACT LIVING / Bonbon Trading Limited
15 Lots Road, London, SW10 0QJ, United Kingdom
T: +44(0)20 7823 9090 |