http://www.heska.com/extended-warranty-agreement-ewa-warranty-support-terms-conditions
Skip to content
Products
Lab Diagnostics
View All Element DC5X Element HT5 Element COAG Element i+ Element POC Element DC Reset HemaTrue Lab Software
Digital Imaging
View All Cuattro DR HD Cuattro US10 Cuattro Hub DentiPod SonoPod Cuattro Uno HeskaView+
Allergy
View All Allercept Therapy Shots Allercept Therapy Drops Allercept Testing Veterinary Diagnostic Lab
IV Pump & Other
View All IV Pump Supplements Contract Manufacturing
Support Learn Company
About Us Careers Heska’s Worldwide Distributor Partners Heska’s International Lab Partners
Contact Us Investors
Extended Warranty Agreement (“EWA”) Warranty Support Terms Conditions
DOWNLOAD HERE
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie Settings ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
Cookies and Tools: Heska and its business partners collect information about you by using cookies, tracking pixels and other technologies (collectively, “Tools”). This information is used for user experience purposes, where it serves to provide Heska a better understanding of customer behavior and where this customer behavior information will drive customization and improvement of the user experience with our websites, services and offerings. This data may be used as well as to guide our advertising decisions. For example, using web analytics services that leverage these Tools helps us to understand how user engagement with and navigate of our Site, e.g., the number of visitors to a page and when. These Tools also help Heska to deliver content and functionality on the site based on your preferences and interests. If you have provided us with personal information, e.g., through a registration or a request for certain materials, Heska may associate this personal information with information gathered through the Tools, giving us the capability to offer increased personalization and functionality. Review settings on your web browser which allow you to control the acceptance of cookies, the rejection of cookies, or that allow you to be notified when cookies are sent to your browser. If your browser is set to reject cookies, websites that are cookie-enabled can’t recognize you when you return to the website, and some website functionality may be lost. Go to the Help section of your browser which may instruct you of how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies. The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
This is an necessary category.
Non Necessary
non-necessary
This is an non-necessary category.
Save & Accept