http://www.americandrew.com/privacy-notice.php
Privacy NoticeEffective Date: January 1, 2020
Privacy Notice
By visiting www.americandrew.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. This Notice is subject to change without notice and you should revisit this site frequently for the most current version of our policy. Each version of this Privacy Notice will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date.
Our Pledge to You, Our Customer
American Drew respects your privacy. Any information you give us about yourself is treated with care and security and should not be used in ways to which you have not consented. The information we collect is used by American Drew Furniture, its affiliates and authorized agents (referred to collectively as “American Drew” or “we/us”) for legitimate business purposes, including providing services you have requested such as furniture delivery or warranty service, recommending products to you that we think you might like, and improving your experience with our company and website. American Drew will not collect any personal information about you except as outlined in this policy. Generally, we may collect or generate the following personal information:
Your full name, home address, e-mail address, phone number and other relevant contact information or user account details.
The Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, platform, and other relevant, technical details about your visit to our website.
Your general geographic location, as indicated by your IP address and other connection details.
Your purchase history.
Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to/through/from our Web site, including date and time, cookie number, products you viewed or searched for, predictions of products you may be interested in based upon your usage of our site, and other commercial information that could help us recommend products to you while you are using our website and in the future.
Images, product reviews, and other things you share with us regarding your use of our furniture, subject to our moderation policies.
The general layout and design plans of certain rooms within your home that you elect to provide to us, if you are using affiliated furniture planner programs; we do not use, analyze, or review this information ourselves, it is only collected for the purposes of providing you with the room planning service for which you are using the program.
Social media information you provide to us, as detailed in the next section.
Sharing Data
We only share data in two circumstances.
First, we share data in order to provide you with a service you have asked for or to obtain a service we have a legitimate interest in receiving. Examples include:
Sharing your address and contact information with a delivery company providing last-mile delivery services for your order.
Sharing your address, contact information, and product details with a third-party furniture repair company in order to make a repair that you have requested.
Contracting a professional mailing company to mail advertisements on our behalf.
Using a cloud service provider as a host for one of our databases.
Second, we may contribute transactional history, keyed to device-identifying information such as IP and Media Access Control addresses, to a data-sharing co-op with a number of retailers with similar customer profiles across a number of industries, including high-end apparel, electronics, home improvement, etc. We do not share personally identifying information such as your name and address. This co-op allows us and the other anonymous retailers to identify new prospective customers and market to them accordingly. To have your data excluded from our participation in the co-op, please consult the “Your Rights Over Your Data” section below.
Access to Your Social Media Information
You may choose to provide us with access to certain personal information stored by third parties through social media sites (such as Facebook and Instagram). The information we have access to varies by site and is controlled by your privacy settings on that site. Typically, we will have access to posts you have made that mention us by name as well as anything you have shared from our website with others using the sharing interface provided, as well as the people you have shared it with. By authorizing American Drew to have access to this information, you agree that American Drew may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Security of Your Personal Information
Our parent company, La-Z-Boy Incorporated, has a dedicated information security team at their corporate headquarters. This team is responsible for ensuring the protection and integrity of your personal information. Although we cannot reveal the full details of our information security program and practices, we can reveal the following:]
We conceptualize our information security program and objectives using the NIST Cybersecurity Framework and other well-established, business cybersecurity standards.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption while your information is in transit.
We contract with authorize.net for payment processing and do not retain or store your credit card or other payment details ourselves. Instead, we store a token that points to a record within their system, which we do not have direct access to.
Our data is subject to reasonable and enforced retention schedules that are aligned to our legitimate interests and do not contemplate permanent retention.
We use a number of other security controls and practices, including the disposal of data and information technology resources, typical to retailers and manufacturers of our size and complexity.
Your Rights Over Your Data
Residents and citizens of California, Canada, Mexico, the European Union, and other nations and US states with applicable data privacy laws may have the legal right to ask us to verify whether we are processing personal data about them, to provide information on the types of information we have about them and identify third parties with whom we have shared, and to provide copies of the specific personal information that we have collected or stored about them in a portable format. Citizens of the European Union, Canada, and Mexico may also ask us to correct information about them they feel is inaccurate or misleading. Residents and citizens of California, the European Union, and Mexico can also ask us to erase (delete) their personal data. Additionally, residents of some jurisdictions may elect to restrict our ability to share their data with certain types of entities, or from using their personal information entirely. Please note that we will not delete information required for processing warranty claims, or that enable us to inform customers about important product repair or recall actions that may require attention.
If you are a resident of one of the previously listed jurisdictions wishing to exercise any of these rights, you may do so via https://www.americandrew.com/do-not-sell-my-personal-information.php
If you wish to remove yourself from any of our mailing lists, you may do so via the Data Subject Request process at https://www.americandrew.com/do-not-sell-my-personal-information.php
Use of Your Information
We use the information collected on our website for four main purposes:
To improve our site by seeing which features and products are most popular.
To administer our business, provide superior service, and communicate information about products and services that we believe to be of interest to you.
To personalize the site for your experience – for example, we may recommend products or features you may like based on what you have liked in the past.
To enable customers to participate in sweepstakes, contests and other activities on our website. If we collect any such information, we aim to collect only enough information to enable you to participate in the activity.
In addition, we may share personal information if we believe that the disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (iii) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of La Z Boy, its subsidiary companies, its users, or the general public. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us and currently do, please reply to an e-mail that we have sent to you and insert "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
We also use Adobe's analytics service to guide us in improving our site. It uses cookies and web beacons to help us understand more about how our website is used. To learn more, go to https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/technotes/privacy-overview.html. If you do not want us to collect information from your web browser for these purposes, you can learn how to opt-out here: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#4.
Cookies
American Drew uses a feature of your web browser called a "cookie" to assign a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive. We use these cookie files to track your clicks as you go through the American Drew website, to tell us whether you have visited American Drew previously, and to help us determine whether you came to American Drew from a particular internet link or banner advertisement. American Drew does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve other personal information about you (such as your name) from your computer. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, you will not be able to use some www.americandrew.com features if you do not use cookies.
Rights Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California law requires certain businesses to disclose information regarding the rights of California residents pursuant to the CCPA.
A California resident may request that American Drew share the following information:
The categories of personal information American Drew has collected about you in the preceding 12 months;
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with which American Drew shares personal information;
The categories of personal information about you that American Drew sold to third parties in the preceding 12 months and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold;
The categories of personal information about you that American Drew disclosed for a business purpose, as defined in the CCPA, in the preceding 12 months and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was disclosed;
The specific pieces of personal information American Drew has collected about you.
A California resident may request the disclosure of the information listed above by calling 1-800-438-8207, or submitting a request at https://www.americandrew.com/do-not-sell-my-personal-information.php. Such a request may be referred to as a right to know request. Pursuant to California law, American Drew will verify the California resident’s identity before complying with any such request.
A California resident has the right to request that American Drew delete any personal information about the California resident that it has collected about the California resident, and that American Drew direct any service provider to delete the California resident’s personal information from its records. Such a request may be referred to as a request to delete. However, pursuant to the CCPA, your information may not be deleted under certain circumstances, including where maintenance of your personal information is necessary: to complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service that you requested or that is reasonably anticipated within the context of your ongoing business relationship with American Drew, or otherwise perform a contract between American Drew and you; to detect security incidents, protect against or prosecute fraudulent or illegal activity; to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with American Drew; to comply with a legal obligation; or to otherwise use your information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
For more information about these and other situations in which we may not delete your information, please see California Civil Code Section 1798.105(d). A California resident may request the deletion of information collected about the California resident by calling 1-800-438-8207, or submitting a request at https://www.americandrew.com/do-not-sell-my-personal-information.php. Before deleting your personal information, American Drew will verify your identity.
A California resident may use an authorized agent to submit a right to know request or a request to delete. To use an authorized agent, the California resident must provide American Drew with written authorization. In addition, the California resident may be required to verify their own identity with American Drew. American Drew may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the California resident to act on their behalf. Such requirements, however, will not apply where a California resident has provided the authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code section 4000 to 4465.
A California resident has the right, at any time, to direct American Drew not to sell their personal information. This right may be referred to as the right to opt-out. You may opt out of the sale of your personal information at a dedicated webpage entitled “Do Not Sell My Personal Information”. If American Drew has a good faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request opt-out is fraudulent, it may deny the request. A California resident may use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out on the California resident’s behalf. The California resident must provide the authorized agent with written authorization do so. American Drew may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the California resident to act on the California resident’s behalf.
In addition, American Drew does not and will not sell the personal information of a California resident it has actual knowledge is under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization (known as “opt-in”).
American Drew will not discriminate against a California resident because the California resident exercised any of their rights under the CCPA, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to the California resident;
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the California resident;
Suggesting that the California resident will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, American Drew may charge a California resident a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to American Drew by that resident’s data. In addition, American Drew may offer financial incentives, including payments to California residents as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. American Drew may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to the California resident if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to American Drew by that resident’s data. American Drew will notify California residents of such financial incentives. American Drew will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.
In the preceding 12 months, American Drew has collected the following categories of personal information about California residents from the following sources and for the following purposes. The CCPA requires that American Drew reference specific categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA. American Drew may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category.
Category of Personal Information Collected
Category of Source of Collection
Business or Commercial Purpose of Collection
Contact Information (such as name, email address, phone number, delivery address, etc.)
*Provided by the consumer as part of an online or in-store purchase
*Marketing offers for our furniture *Transaction fulfillment
*Warranty/Recall or other product service or support
Design Preferences Data
*Cookie data from website (such as IP address, browsing history, geolocation data, etc.) *Room Planner applications and preference exploration tools
*Helping you make design decisions *Marketing offers based on your design preferences
*Suggesting to you your nearest American Drew retailer
Transaction History
*Data generated during purchase process (such as furniture model number, purchase price, etc.)
*Fulfilling your order *Delivering your furniture *Supporting warranty/recall or other product service and support
Warranty/Recall Service Data
*Provided by customer, including via calls to customer service, online chat, etc. *Provided by service technician following service visit
*Providing you repair or other services
*Alerting you in the event of a product service action or recall *Determining whether requested services are covered by warranty
Delivery Fulfillment
*Provided by American Drew to logistics/delivery companies to deliver your furniture *Picture of furniture to verify delivery by delivery fulfillment service
*Delivering your furniture *Confirming delivery
*Documenting condition of furniture upon delivery
In the preceding 12 months, American Drew has disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about California residents to the following categories of third parties, to the extent the disclosure was made to a third party.
Category of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Category of Third Party to Which Personal Information Disclosed, To The Extent Disclosed To a Third Party
*We share your contact and purchase information to a logistics/delivery service to deliver your purchase/repair *If we do not have a American Drew service technician in your area, we may provide your contact and purchase information and related data to a service company that will schedule and conduct your service
*Logistics/Delivery service *Product service company
Children’s Personal Information
We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, without verifiable parental consent. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 years of age, or equivalent minimum age depending on jurisdiction, without first receiving verifiable parental consent, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Please contact us at the address below, or via the data rights form above, if you discover that your child has been providing information to us without your consent. It will be promptly removed from our systems.
Third-Party Sites
Our site contains links to other sites whose information, privacy practices, and policies may be different from our own. Visitors should consult the privacy policies of these sites as we have no control over information that is submitted to, collected by, or held by these third parties. We make no endorsement or representation concerning the adequacy or terms of the information privacy practices and policies of any website except those owned by us and our subsidiary businesses.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice or treatment of personal information by American Drew, a subsidiary of La-Z-Boy, Incorporated, or if you see anything on our website that you feel is inappropriate, please contact us by calling us at 1-800-375-6890, or by mail at:
Compliance Department La Z Boy Incorporated
One La Z Boy Drive
Monroe, MI 48162
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Please note that this Privacy Notice may change from time to time. We expect most such changes will be minor. We will post any Privacy Notice changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.