http://www.level9.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Level 9 Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Level9.com. We are committed to respecting your right to privacy and will protect it while you are a visitor on our website. This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit Level9.com.
This privacy policy explains our online information practices only, including how we collect and use your personal information. It covers information collected on this website only. It does not apply to other websites you reach through our site.
Information Stored and Collected Automatically
When you visit this site, we automatically collect certain information. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our website and identify performance issues or problem areas. Authorized Level 9 employees may also use this information to help us develop the site, analyze patterns of usage, and to make the site more useful. We do not share or sell visitor data for the purposes of advertising, marketing, or any other commercial purpose. This information is not used for associating search terms or patterns of site navigation with individual users. The information that is automatically collected and stored concerning your visit includes:
the name of the domain from which you access the internet
the date and time of your visit
the pages you visit on Level9.com
your internet protocol (IP) address
the address of the website you came from if it linked you directly to Level9.com
search terms that you enter into the Level9.com search tool
Cookies
When you visit a website, its server may generate a piece of text known as a cookie to place on your device. The cookie, which is unique to your browser, allows the server to remember specific information about your visit while you’re connected.
There are two types of cookies — single session (temporary) and multi-session (persistent). Single session cookies last only as long as your Web browser is open. Once you close your browser, the session cookie disappears. Persistent cookies are stored on your device for longer periods. Both types of cookies create an identifier that is unique to your device. The use of session and persistent cookies allows us to improve the delivery of services to you.
Session Cookies
We use session cookies for technical purposes, such as to allow better navigation through our site. These session cookies let the server hosting Level9.com know that you are continuing a visit to our site.
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to understand the differences between new and returning visitors to Level9.com. Persistent cookies remain on your device between visits to our site until they expire or until you remove them. We do not use persistent cookies to collect personally identifiable information.
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can edit your browser’s options to stop accepting persistent cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a third-party web measurement and customization technology. Here is how it works: Google Analytics sets one or more cookies on your computer so that it can recognize your computer if you visit the Level9.com website in the future. Google Analytics does not collect personally identifiable information through its cookies. The program does not track individuals and anonymizes the IP addresses of visitors.
A limited number of authorized Level 9 employees will have user accounts that will allow them to log in to the Google Analytics dashboard and view or run reports regarding visits to Level9.com and the other web metrics.
Visitors who choose to disable this web measurement tool will still have full access to Level9.com. While the details vary from browser to browser, most modern browsers can be set up to accept, reject, or request user intervention when a site asks to set a cookie.
Information You Share with Us
Users of this website may send Level 9 feedback or report an issue by sending an email to voice@level9.com. If you choose to send us your personally identifiable information, we will only use that information to respond to your message. Level 9 never collects information or creates individual profiles for the purposes of advertising, marketing, or any other commercial purpose. Unless you opt in to a Level 9 mailing list, we do not create or store lists of email addresses or other information to deliver email alerts, newsletters, or otherwise send marketing messages or contact individuals. If you choose to send us your personally identifiable information as part of a Level 9 contest entry, we will only use that information to process your contest entry as described in the official rules of the contest. When you contact us, any personally identifiable information you provide is voluntary. Please do not include sensitive personally identifiable information or other sensitive information in the content of your email.
Children and Privacy
We do not have information specifically for children on our website. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act governs information gathered online from or about children under the age of 13. This site is not intended to solicit or collection information of any kind from children under age 13. If you believe that we have received information from a child under age 13, please contact us at voice@level9.com.
Questions About Privacy
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at voice@level9.com or by mail at Level 9, PO Box 297, East Montpelier, VT 05651.
Get in Touch