https://www.axisins.com/products/cyber-liability-privacy-network-security/cyber-hotline-resources/
Your 911 solution to a data breach incident is with our Cyber Hotline: (844) 844-0109
Get an Application
Claim Scenarios
Product Highlights
Get a QUOTE
Talk to an Agent/ Book a Meeting
Axis Insurance Services / PRODUCTS / Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security / Cyber Hotline/Resources
BACK TO PARENT
AXIS INSURANCE SERVICES, LLC: Connect to Our Free Cyber Hotline
Get Your Free Cyber Risk Score
Axis Insurance Services, LLC provides a free hotline to all our clients whether you purchase Cyber coverage or not, connecting you with data breach coach, Mullen Coughlin LLC, in the event of a cyber incident. Mullen Coughlin’s attorneys assist clients facing data privacy and security issues, such as responding to data breaches or security incidents, and other compliance issues arising from contractual, state, federal and international requirements.
Mullen Coughlin will work closely with your management team, in-house and outside IT and forensic experts, law enforcement and governmental regulators to accomplish compliant, accurate and smart public reporting.  When necessary, Mullen Coughlin is well equipped to defend litigation, including national consumer class-action litigation and regulatory enforcement actions.
When you call Mullen Coughlin, you will be instructed as such:
After the tone, leave:
The full name of your organization;
The name and phone number of the individual authorized to discuss this matter, and if available
The name of your Insurance Carrier and policy number.
Please state the contact phone number twice.
Please Note: To protect the confidentiality of sensitive information, please do not leave any details other than the information requested.   Be advised that leaving a message on this line does not constitute notice of a claim to your carrier.  Mullen Coughlin will contact you within 2-4 business hours to discuss the details of this matter.  The initial discussion will be protected by the attorney-client privilege.
CYBER HOTLINE: (844) 844-0109
Additional Cyber Resources
Following is information for greater insight into the need for Cyber Liability insurance:
Cyber/Privacy Insurance
Privacy & Network Security Liability Insurance
Cyber Deception & Social Engineering
Learn about our product
Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security
Claims Scenarios
Following are several Cyber and Privacy & Network Security claims filed in the past.
See details
Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security
Cyber Hotline/Resources
Axis Insurance Services, LLC provides a free hotline to all our clients whether you purchase Cyber coverage or not.
See details
Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security
Why Cyber Liability
All types and size companies are targets of cyber attacks today. Whether you are a large accounting firm or healthcare provider.
See details
PRODUCTS
Tail Coverage Insurance
For nearly two decades, the insurance professionals at Axis Insurance Services, LLC
See details
Contact us about our tailored cyber liability
and privacy & network security solutions.
How can we help you?
Related Articles
Your Cyber Protection Is On Our Agenda
Our mission is to help customers identify and prioritize their Cyber Liability insurance needs, provide the most competitive coverage options available, and offer superior customer service. Each and every business has a distinctly unique set of products or services. We are committed to offering flexible and intelligent coverage solutions tailored to meet our customers’ needs. Put our experience and expertise to work for you. Give us a call at (201) 847-9175.
Agents & Brokers
Please visit our wholesale website for PLRisk for applications for Professional & Management
Liability products for your clients.
View
Connect to Our Cyber Hotline
& Resources
Connect
Schedule a Consultation
Stay tuned with us on social networks!
Talk with us about your Professional Liability Insurance Needs
Fill out your information to get a free cyber risk score
Fill out your information to get a free cyber risk score
Axis Application Form
Top