https://www.cinfed.com/page/consumer-privacy
Consumer Privacy
Home /
Who We Are /
Consumer Privacy /
FACTS: What does Cinfed Federal Credit Union do with your personal information?
Why? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Payment history
Credit history
Overdraft history
Credit card or other debt
Wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer a member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How? All financial companies need to share members' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members' personal information; the reasons Cinfed Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Cinfed Federal Credit
Union share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions? Call 513-333-3800 or go to www.cinfed.com
What We Do
How does Cinfed Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We select businesses that offer products to enhance your economic well-being. We will never authorize these firms to charge your account without your consent. We do not sell to telemarketers.
How does Cinfed Federal Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account
Apply for a loan
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
Give us your contact information
Show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,
affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law:
Definitions:
Affiliates Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Our affiliates include:financial companies such as: Cinfed Insurance LLC.
Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Cinfed Federal Credit Union does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include insurance companies and credit card companies.
Other Important Information:
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Members. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For California Members. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Members. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For Vermont Members. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates for them to market to you without your authorization and we will not share personal information with affiliates or for joint marketing about your creditworthiness without your authorization.
DOWNLOAD ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:  Privacy Policy
CHECKING
SAVINGS
LOANS
MORTGAGES
INVESTMENTS
CREDIT CARDS
Go!
CONTACT CINFED
Cinfed Credit Union
4801 Kennedy Avenue
Cincinnati, OH 45209
(513) 333-3800
Routing #242076656
QUICK LINKS
Current Rates
Apply Now
Financial Calculators
Business Services
Travel Notification
Check Status of Loan Application
Debit Card Text Alerts
Credit Card Text Alerts
Pay Loan by Credit or Debit Card
NEWS FROM CINFED
Cinfed Sponsors 2020 Ruth Lyons Children’s Fund
Be Alert – Fraud Attempts on the Rise
Relax & Enjoy the Holidays with Help from Cinfed
MEMBER REVIEWS
They always go above and beyond at the Oakley branch and truly care about each of their members. And, I absolutely love their kids' membership program. It makes it fun for them to learn about money... —
Courtney Snow
Been a member since I moved to the Queen City in 1978. Cinfed has always provided customer service that other financial institutions only dream about. Thank you for almost forty years of outstanding... —
Tim Grabenstein
I recently became a member here at CINFED and it was the best decision I have ever made. I walked in with tears and despair and left with dry eyes, a smile, and I even received a hug from the branch... —
Melanie
Earlier this year my much younger sister passed away and with that many obligations were to be met by my husband and myself ..My sister was survived by a daughter and son. We have since then taken on... —
Vonda
How lucky I am to have Liz Frey managing the office I use!
I live in Florida but maintain Cinfed as my main banking office.
Everytime I need special help a simple email or call to Liz and it is... —
Debbie G
Emily Snyder took the best care of my two auto loans. She was professional, courteous and very knowledgeable of the available services for me. She went out of her way to make sure I felt like I was... —
Sarah Amyotte
I have been member with Cinfed since 1986. The Roselawn Cinfed staff greeted the customer phone calls friendly and polite willing to help you with your needs. They have excellent customer service.... —
Marian Dudley
I have been a member of CINFED since about 1981 when
I was transferred from SLC, Utah with the US Army Recruiting Command and have always received excellent service and support . Hope Dee Dee is... —
Robert Olguin
I have been a member at the Roselawn Branch for a
long time and I couldn't be more satisfied with the customer service.
No matter how often I come in with a question or issue and no matter what... —
Andreya T Williams
I been a member since 1985 and can not imagine banking anywhere else. This
credit union as taken care of my every need. 24/7 services is excellent.—
Edward, member since 1985
I have been a Cinfed member for years. I know I can depend on them to provide excellent service. The bill pay on line is great and every time I visit the Florence branch I am met with
friendly... —
Jan Ricks
Closed a loan in 24 hours! Absolutely unheard of! Thanks to the exceptional customer service of LeAnn Rose at the Turfway Branch! She went above and beyond by providing unexpected expedited service! ... —
Christina Stull
I recently applied for a credit card online. I received a call from Emily Snyder explaining what needs to be done next. It was easy and Emily’s customer service was excellent. Emily is a great... —
Johnnie Bush
I met Emily Snyder because I had a flat tire in the parking lot of Cinfed Credit Union. I didn’t know what to do and she offered to help me. It was late in the evening and I didn’t think anyone... —
Cindy Hyatt
Emily Snyder took care of setting up a consolidation loan for me on Saturday.
She was very friendly, professional, and explained very articulately all the steps involved.
Emily also opened a new... —
Sally A Arbogast
NOTE: You are leaving Cinfed Credit Union's web site. Cinfed is not responsible for
content or security policies of this external, linked web site.