http://www.thehonestkitchen.com/terms-of-use
Terms of use
Terms of use
Contact Information
Welcome to The Honest Kitchen web site (the “Web Site”). By using the Web Site YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and all disclaimers and terms and conditions that appear elsewhere on the Web Site.
The Honest Kitchen reserves the right to make changes to the Web Site and its Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time. Each time you use the Web Site, you should visit and review the then current Terms of Use and Privacy Policy that apply to your transactions and use of this site. If you are dissatisfied with the Web Site, its content or Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Web Site.
Tampering with the Web Site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited.
Disclaimers and limitation of liability
By using the Web Site, you expressly agree that use of the Web Site is at your sole risk. The Web Site is provided on an “AS IS” and “as available” basis. Neither The Honest Kitchen nor its affiliates, subsidiaries or designees nor each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors or the like (collectively, “Associates”) warrant that use of the Web Site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Neither The Honest Kitchen nor its Associates warrant the accuracy, integrity or completeness of the content provided on the Web Site or the products or services offered for sale on the Web Site. Further, The Honest Kitchen makes no representation that content provided on the Web Site is applicable to, or appropriate for use in, locations outside of the United States. The Honest Kitchen and its Associates specifically disclaim all warranties, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by The Honest Kitchen or its Associates shall create a warranty. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain warranties, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Under no circumstances shall The Honest Kitchen or its Associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from your use of or inability to use the Web Site, including but not limited to reliance by you on any information obtained from the Web Site that results in mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion or corruption of files, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance. The foregoing Limitation of Liability shall apply in any action, whether in contract, tort or any other claim, even if an authorized representative of The Honest Kitchen has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. User hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise and services available through the Web Site. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Intended for users over 13
The Web Site is intended for use by individuals 13 years of age or older. The Web Site is not directed for use by children under the age of 13. Users under the age of 13 should get the assistance of a parent or guardian to use this site.
Errors on our site
Prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected where discovered, and The Honest Kitchen reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after an order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, The Honest Kitchen will issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge. Individual bank policies will dictate when this amount is credited to your account. If you are not fully satisfied with your purchase, you may return it in accordance with The Honest Kitchen’s Return Policy.
Pricing Policy
Online prices, selection and offers are subject to change without notice.
Sales Tax Policy
The Honest Kitchen collects and remits sales tax as required by U.S. law, for transactions on the Web Site.
Paying for your order
You may pay for your orders with a major credit card issued in the United States of America. Currently, we accept Visa®, MasterCard® and American Express®.
Credit and debit card are charged immediately upon entry of an order (at which time you will be charged for the goods ordered along with any appropriate taxes or shipping charges). If you ordered a special delivery item, you will be charged once a delivery time is confirmed.
Validating your order
After you place an order using our shopping cart, we will check the information you give us for validity, by verifying your method of payment or shipping address. We reserve the right to reject any order you place with us, and/or to limit quantities on any order, without giving any reason. If we reject your order, we will attempt to notify you using the e-mail address you have given us with the order.
Your credit or debit card will normally not be charged if we reject an order, but we will process a refund if the charge has been made against your card.
Order Acceptance/Confirmation
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. The Web Site reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.
Return Policy
All sales made through the Web Site are subject to The Honest Kitchen’s return policy. For a complete explanation of our return policies, please see our Return Policy.
Order Limitations
We reserve the right to reject any order you place with us, and/or or to limit quantities on any order, without giving any reason. If we reject your order, we will generally attempt to notify you using the e-mail address you gave us when you placed the order.
Order Limitations/Limited Quantities
The Honest Kitchen may, at its own discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. The Honest Kitchen also reserves the right to reject any order you place with us. These restrictions may include orders placed by the same Web Site account, the same credit card, and orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address provided at the time the order was made. The Honest Kitchen reserves the right to limit or prohibit sales to dealers.
Shipping
All orders placed on this site are subject to product availability and will be shipped according to The Honest Kitchen’s shipping policies. In the rare event that your order never arrives, notification of lost items must be received within 60 days from receipt of the shipping confirmation e-mail.
Accessibility
The Honest Kitchen is committed to making its website usable by all people by meeting or exceeding the requirements of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.1 (WCAG 2.1). We have engaged an accessibility consultant to conduct an audit and are in the process of implementing recommendations that will assist us in ensuring that our Web presence, to the best of our ability, is in conformance with the WCAG 2.1 Level AA. Please be aware that our efforts are ongoing as our current website designer implements the relevant improvements to meet WCAG 2.1 Level AA guidelines over time. If you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of this site or need assistance in using the processes found within our websites, please email us at questions@thehonestkitchen.com.
Termination of Use
The Honest Kitchen may, in its sole discretion, terminate your account or your use of the Web Site at any time. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. The Honest Kitchen reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of the Web Site at any time without prior notice.