https://www.tmgtestequipment.com.au/solutions/index.php?app=cms&ns=display&ref=privacy
Privacy Policy
Provides our privacy policy information
to our customers
Advanced Site Search
1800 680 680
1800 680 680
Menu
Products
1800 680 680
Solution Guides
Application Selection Guides
OTDR Selection Guide
Locator Selection Guide
Project Selection Guides
nbn Fibre-to-the-Curb (FTTC)
Telstra Wideband
4G, LTE & 5G Radio Access Networks
Technical Support
About our Technical Support
Product Support Portals
(formerly JDSU) HST-3000 Multi-function VDSL Test Set
ONX-580 Multi-function VDSL Test Set
ONX-620 & ONX-630 Multi-function HFC Test Sets
MTS-2000 & MTS-4000 OTDRs
Certifier10G & Certifier40G Cable Certifiers
Pipe & Cable Locators
Training Videos
Check out our Training Videos
Book a Support Session
Book a Training Session
Calibration & Repair
About our Service Centre
Calibration & Repair Capabilities
NATA Accreditation
Authorised Service Partner
Level II Certified Service Agent
Book Warranty Claim
Book Service Online
Buy, Rent or Lease
Buying Test Equipment
Short & Medium Term Rental
Leasing Options
Product Categories
National Broadband Network (NBN)
nbn Unify
Telephone Line Testing
Multi-function VDSL/ADSL Test Sets
Buttsets
TDRs (Metal Time Domain Reflectometers)
Resistive Fault Location (RFL)
Lines Test Sets
Tools
Line Tracers, Tone and Probe Sets
Test Leads
Hauling Rope & Cable Rodders
HFC (Hybrid Coax-Fibre)
Multi-function HFC Test Sets
Leakage Detectors
Digital Spectrum Video Analysers
TDRs (Coaxial Time Domain Reflectometers)
Cable Preparation & Termination Tools
Torque Wrenches
Test Leads
NBN Optical Fibre Projects (FTTP, FTTC, FTTB, FTTN)
OTDRs for NBN Optical Fibre testing
OTDR Launch Leads for NBN Work
PON Meters for Fibre-to-the-Curb (FTTC) and Fibre-to-the-Premises (FTTP)
Fusion Splicers - Single core and Ribbon
Multi-function VDSL Test Set for FTTB, FTTN, FTTC
Optical Fibre Inspection & Cleaning Tools
Optical Fibre Preparation Tools
Optical Fiber Indentifiers
Netcomm Installation Assistant for Fibre-to-the-Curb
Hauling Rope and Cable Rodders
Punch Down Tools for FTTB/FTTC/FTTN
Visual Fault Locators
Optical Fibre Inspection Tips - FTTP & FTTC
Test Leads
Ethernet Testing
View All - National Broadband Network (NBN)
Telecommunications
OTDRs
OTDRs - Single-mode
OTDRs - Multi-mode
OTDRs - National Broadband Network (NBN)
OTDRs - Telstra Wideband
Replacement AC Adapters and Batteries for OTDRs
Launch Leads
Launch Leads - Singlemode
Launch Leads - Multimode
Fusion Splicers
Optical Fibre Preparation Tools
Single-core Splicing & Cleaving
Ribbon Splicing & Cleaving
Splice Sleeves
Optical Loss Test Sets
Uni-directional Optical Loss Test Sets
Bi-directional Optical Loss Test Sets
Optical Power Meters
USB Optical Power Meters
Optical Fibre Indentifiers
Optical Fibre Inspection & Cleaning Tools
Optical Fibre Inspection Tips
Ethernet Testing (RFC2544 / RFC6349 / Y.1564)
Visual Fault Locators
Optical Light Sources
View All - Telecommunications
Network Test
Structured Cabling
Network Certification Testing
Data Centres
Optical Fibre Inspection Tips - MPO
Optical Fibre Inspection & Cleaning Tools
Ethernet and Fibre Channel testing
View All - Network Test
Pipe & Cable Location
Pipe & Cable Locators
Clamps, Sondes & Accessories
Marker Balls
Cable Avoidance Locators
Clamps, Sondes & Accessories
Metal Pit Cover Locators
Magnetic Locators
Ground Penetrating Radar
Cable Rodders
Cable Rodders - Accessories
View All - Pipe & Cable Location
Safety
First Aid Kits
Sharps Containers and Disposal Kits
Lock-Out Tags
Pit Guards
Fire Protection
Witches Hats
Lighting
Eye & Face Protection
Fall Protection
Gloves
Head Protection
Hearing Protection
Respiratory Protection
Insulated Matting (AS 2978-1995)
RF Personal Monitors
View All - Safety
Gas Detection
Gas Detector Kits
Gas Detector Accessories
Calibration Docks
Calibration Gas
Pre-Paid Calibrations
View All - Gas Detection
Signs
Work Zone Products
Vehicle Labelling
View All - Signs
Tools
Pliers
Screwdrivers
Cutters and Knives
Shovels and Crowbars
Hammers
Extension Leads and Power Blocks (240V)
Rulers and Tape Measures
Cordless Drill Sets
Torque Wrenches
Hauling Rope
Scotchlok Crimpers
Wrenches
View All - Tools
Hybrid Energy Testing Solutions and Power Supplies
Hybrid Energy Testing (Regatron)
View All - Hybrid Energy Testing Solutions and Power Supplies
RF Amplifiers
RF Attenuators
Legacy Products
Suppliers & Partners
Suppliers & Partners
VIAVI Solutions (formerly JDSU)
TMG are VIAVI's Elite Partner, Master Distributor and Authorised Service Partner in Australia, with a focus on the major Telecommunication Operators, Delivery Partners and Subcontractors.
VIAVI's Copper, HFC, Fibre-optic & Transmission testing technologies are our speciality, including, but not limited to; ADSL/VDSL Test Sets, Optical Time Domain Reflectometers [OTDR], HFC / Cable TV Test Sets, Structured Cabling Certifiers, Optical Loss Test Sets, Passive Optical Network [PON] Power Meters, GigE to 400GigE Ethernet, OTU/SDH/PDH Bit Error Rate Testers, and Optical Fibre Face Inspection Tools
More about VIAVI Solutions (formerly JDSU)
Honeywell
Honeywell Safety and Honeywell Analytics
More about Honeywell
Fluke Networks
Fluke Networks is a leader in precision calibration instruments, equipment, service & software for electrical & RF
measurements.
More about Fluke Networks
Kepco
Products range from cutting edge, OEM and programmable switch mode power supplies to high performance, low noise, linear power supplies. From small switchers to large, integrated systems of linear power supplies.
More about Kepco
Kaelus
Kaelus is a recognized leader in test and measurement instruments, cell-site filters, combiners and tower mounted amplifiers.
More about Kaelus
Regatron
The Swiss company Regatron AG designs, manufactures and sells digital electronic high-power programmable power supplies, intended for professional applications, and supports its customers both in the choice of the most appropriate solutions, both in the supply of know-how, specialized software, cabinets and systems, accessories, optional parts and technical support remotely or at the client location.
AC /DC programmable digital high power, battery emulators, grid simulators, three-phase AC/DC power supplies for bidirectional testing and simulation of batteries, amplifiers, precision linear simulators for photovoltaic inverters, AC sources: a production of excellence spread all over the world.
More about Regatron
Teletech
Australian company designing & manufacturing products including: range of single-operator pair identifiers with remote control of the line termination (i.e
Loop-a-Line range consisting of TX905, TX910, TX915, and TX935), cable testers for broadband services including ADSL, HDSL, ISDN and SHDSL (i.e. TX120A and TX125 and a Multi-Line Identifier TX180).
More about Teletech
Weinschel Associates
Weinschel Associates design and manufacture high-quality Broadband RF and Microwave products for commercial and military markets domestically and internationally, using modern design, production, delivery, and service techniques to provide the best product at the best price. Featuring High Power and High Frequency:
Attenuators, Terminations, Power Dividers, Adapters, DC Blocks
More about Weinschel Associates
Kingfisher
Australian company designing & manufacturing handheld fiber testers & fiber optic test kits to test, inspect, certify and maintain fiber optic cable.
More about Kingfisher
Miller Ripley
The Miller brand of products is comprised of tools for the fiber optic and telecommunications industries and offers wire cutters and slitters for all types of small wire, cable and fiber optic cable
More about Miller Ripley
Toll Priority
Toll Priority specialises in the express delivery of time-critical documents, parcels and digital information
More about Toll Priority
Australia Post
More about Australia Post
Radiodetection
Radiodetection's product range includes tools for damage prevention to buried services; powerful video systems for pipeline inspection; high-performance dehydrators and cable-test products for telecoms; and solid-state sensors.
More about Radiodetection
Flexicommercial
A flexible finance solution gives your customers more buying power with minimal impact on their cash flow.
Providing an equipment leasing option makes even big ticket items easy to afford through smaller, manageable payments.
More about Flexicommercial
Ripley Cablematic
The Cablematic product line features coring and stripping tools, drop cable trimmers and compression/crimp tools for the CATV, Telecommunications and Wireless industries. Cablematic tools prepare trunk and distribution cables in addition to drop and messengered cables.
More about Ripley Cablematic
Electronics & Innovation
E&I designs and manufactures Broadband Linear RF Power Amplifiers and Components, Phased Arrays and Transformers
More about Electronics & Innovation
Sumitomo
More about Sumitomo
Trilithic
VIAVI acquired Trilithic in August 2017, in a union of two complementary leaders in test and measurement. Multiple system operators (MSOs) and their contractors can now choose from a wide, unified selection of cable test instruments addressing technologies up to DOCSIS 3.1, and providing the long-term economic benefits of efficiently minimizing leakage in home networks.
Trilithic was founded in 1986 as an engineering and assembly company that built and designed customer-directed products for telecommunications, military, and
industrial customers.  From its modest beginnings as a two-man engineering team, Trilithic grew over the years and broadened its offerings of RF and microwave components by adding broadband solutions to its product line.  Broadband Instruments and Systems offering test, analysis, and quality management solutions for the major cable television systems worldwide.
More about Trilithic
Haefely EMC
More about Haefely EMC
Typhoon HIL
More about Typhoon HIL
PH Palden GmbH
More about PH Palden GmbH
HV Hipot Electric
More about HV Hipot Electric
Share:
Privacy Policy
Macservice Pty Ltd (ABN 43 064 478 842), trading as TMG Test Equipment and Contractor Essentials
Our warehouse, laboratory and repair centre is operated out of Clayton South, VIC, Australia and we have representative staff based in Sydney, NSW and QLD.
This privacy policy sets out how we uses and protects any information that you give us.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Release of Customer's information into the Public Domain
If we intend to place your information in the public domain, we will inform you in advance.
Unless otherwise agreed information between us and you, or you make the information publicly available, all other information is to be regarded proprietary and confidential.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
We take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you. Personal information may be stored both electronically on our computer system, and in hard-copy form. Firewalls, 2048 Bit v3 SSL encryption, passwords, anti-virus software and email filters act to protect all our electronic information.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Exec Time:
0.035582 Seconds
Memory Usage: 3.183449 Megabytes