https://www.sightandsound.co.uk/dsa/dsa-complaints-policy/
Skip to content
About Us
Referral Portal
My Account
0 items
Search
Live Chat
01604798070
info@sightandsound.co.uk
Blindness Products
Hardware
Barcode Scanners
Braille Displays
Braille Embossers
Braille Notetakers
Braille Paper
Calculators
DAISY Players
Mobile Phones
Scan and Read
Synapptic
Tactile Drawing
Wearable
Software
Braille Translation
Multi-User
Scan and Read
Screenreaders
Software Maintenance
Upgrades
Low Vision
Hardware
Calculators
DAISY Players
Mobile Phones
Scan and Read
Synapptic
Video Magnifiers
Wearable
Software
Keyboards
Magnification
Multi-User
Software Maintenance
Upgrades
Education Products
Hardware
Headphones and Microphones
Keyboards
Laptop and Desktop Computers
Monitors
Printers and Scanners
Software
Mind Mapping
Scan and Read
Text to Speech
Voice to Text
DSA
About DSA
DSA Award Letter Upload
DSA Complaints Policy
DSA Insurance
DSA Warranty and Support
Online Quote System
Student Surveys
CET
Access to work
Applying for Access to Work
What is Access To Work
Services
Our Services
Training
Support
Knowledge Base
Report a Fault
Remote Support
Offers
Contact Us
Search
DSA COMPLAINTS POLICY
We’re sorry to hear that you are not happy with the service you have received. If you need simply need to get in touch with us about a technical fault or anything else, please contact us. This page outlines how to make a formal complaint. It can also be downloaded as a PDF document here.
How do I make my complaint?
Your complaint can be lodged by yourself, your assessor or your funding body. If you are dissatisfied about our actions, lack of actions or any aspect of our service you’re in the right place.
You can make your complaint in any of the following ways;
By telephone: 01604 798070 option 2. Please ask to speak to a manager and you will be accommodated. If a manager isn’t available, please leave a message and one will call you back within 2 hours.
By email: dsasales@sightandsound.co.uk
By post: DSA Complaints, Sight and Sound Technology Ltd, Welton House (North Wing), Summerhouse Road, Northampton NN3 6WD
Using the below form:
Full Name: *
Telephone Number: *
Email Address: *
Comments:
Please tick to consent to your data being stored in line with our privacy policy.
Submit form
When making your complaint we will need to know the following:
Your name, address and contact information. Please specify your preferred method of contact including phone, email, text SMS, next generation text relay and BSL.
Exactly what went wrong along with how and when it happened.
Your funding body reference number, order number, assessment centre and assessor details, if you have them available.
What happens next?
Once we have received your official complaint, we’ll acknowledge this in writing as quickly as possible to let you know it has been received and how we understand it.
We aim to investigate your complaint and offer resolution within 2 working days, working to reach a resolution in 5 working days. We will put our proposed solution in writing for you, including how we have investigated the situation, what we have found and any proposed solution.
If you are happy with the resolution offered, we will acknowledge this in writing and carry out the solution as quickly as possible.
What happens if I’m still not satisfied?
If you are still not happy, your complaint will be escalated to the Head of Education or our CEO and we would advise that you speak to the following;
The Assessment Centre that managed the initial assessment
Your funding body:
Student Loans Company
Customer Relations
100 Bothwell Street
Glasgow
G2 7JD
Email – customer_complaints@slc.co.uk
Telephone – 0300 100 0601
We welcome next generation text service calls.
Student Finance England
Monday to Friday, 8am to 8pm
Saturday, 9am to 4pm
Student Finance Wales
Monday to Friday, 8am to 6pm
We welcome calls in Welsh.
CompanyAbout Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Customer Service
DivideBuy FAQ
Blog
Careers
Events
Media
Quick LinksSitemap
Advanced Search
AccountMy Account
Orders & Returns
© 2020 Sight and Sound Technology. All Rights Reserved. Web Design by Bright Design.
`
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
X
GBP £
GBP
EUR €
EUR