https://www.belfontedairy.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Belfonte Ice Cream & Dairy Foods Co.1625 Cleveland AvenueKansas City, MO 64127Phone: (816) 231-2000Fax: (816) 231-2001
It is Belfonte Dairy’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy” applies to https://www.Belfontedairy.com and http://theBelfontehome.com (hereinafter, “Us”, “We”, “Websites”, “https://www.Belfontedairy.com” or “http://theBelfontehome.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through our Websites. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain what information may be collected on our Websites, how we use this information and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Websites and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms & Conditions posted on our Websites, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Websites. Depending on your activities when visiting our Websites, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Belfonte Dairy collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site and the date and time of each visitor request. Belfonte Dairy’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Belfonte Dairy’s visitors use its Websites. From time to time, Belfonte Dairy may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Websites.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Belfonte Dairy’s Websites choose to interact with Belfonte Dairy in ways that require Belfonte Dairy to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Belfonte Dairy gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who enter contests, giveaways and/or sweepstakes to provide their name, email address and zip code.
SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To External SitesOur Websites may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Our Websites use Google AdWords for remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own Privacy Policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.Aggregated Statistics
Belfonte Dairy may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its Websites. Belfonte Dairy may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Belfonte Dairy does not disclose your personally-identifying information.Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Belfonte Dairy uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Belfonte Dairy uses cookies to help Belfonte Dairy identify and track visitors, their usage of our Websites, and their website access preferences. Belfonte Dairy visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Belfonte Dairy’s Websites, with the drawback that certain features of Belfonte Dairy’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Belfonte Dairy’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Belfonte Dairy may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Belfonte Dairy’s sole discretion. Belfonte Dairy encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Websites after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.