http://www.peartaccessramps.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Search ...
Search
HomeServicesGet a QuoteTestimonialsWarranty & StandardsSectorsRampsGalleryContacts
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data including special category personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Personal data means information about you that may identify you from that data.
This policy ensures Peart Access Ramps meets the Data Protection Principles which require information to be:
Handled fairly and lawfully
Kept and used for limited purposes
Required for good reason
Correct and up to date
Not kept longer than necessary
Handled confidentially
Stored securely
Not transferred to unapproved countries outside the European Economic Area
Who we are
Peart Access Ramps manufacture and installs access ramps for local authorities, businesses, schools and private residence.
Data Controller Statement
Peart Access Ramps Ltd, (also referred to in this policy as “we” or “us”) registered office is Baltic Street, Hartlepool, TS25 1PW Telephone 01429 852152, company number 5046633 is the Data Controller or Processor (depending on client) in respect of all data collected.
Your acceptance of this policy and our right to change it
By using our website, social media pages or by providing your information, you understand that we will collect and use the information provided in the way(s) set out in this policy.  If you do not agree to this policy do not use our sites, social media pages or services.
Our website may contain links to other websites beyond our control and we suggest that you always check the privacy policies of these sites before using them.
We may make changes to this policy from time to time.  If we do so, we will post the changes on this page and they will apply from the time we post them.
What information do we collect from you or ask you to provide?
In the course of responding to enquiries or fulfilling orders we collect data directly from you or third parties, this includes;
Name
Business Name
Address
Telephone number
Email address
Financial information
If you visit our Website, we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit to our Website such as the products and/or services you searched for and view, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
The personal information you submit using our online enquiry forms is secure and kept confidential. It is not provided to any third party.
Purpose of data?
We need to collect, hold and process information about you in order to:
Provide information you have requested
Understand your needs and provide you with the appropriate information
Fulfil your order and delivery requirements
Communicate with you by post, email, text or telephone
Respond to queries, complaints or customer feedback
Legal basis for processing your data
Legitimate interest
We require name, address and contact details to enable us to survey and supply an access ramp.
Legitimate interest
To make sure that Peart Access Ramps continue to improve our service and provide the best and most effective service possible to our customers.
Who might we share your information with?
We will only share your personal data with third parties involved in fulfilling your order, or to comply with legal obligation.
How we protect your information?
Measures we have in place to protect your information include computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption and we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files to keep data safe.  We only authorise access to employees who need it to carry out their job responsibilities.   Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data that you transfer to us by email.
How we Store your information?
We will only store your personal data in the UK.
How long do we keep hold of your information?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary considering the reason(s) for which it was first collected, no longer than 7 years in accordance with UK tax legislation.
Automated decision making
Please be advised that no decisions are made using automated decision mechanisms.
Your rights under General Data Protection Regulation
You have a number of rights under data protection law.   We will need to ask you for proof of your identify before we can respond to a request to exercise any of the rights set out below.
Right 1 – A right to access your information
You have a right to ask us for a copy of your personal data that we hold about you.  A request to exercise this right is called a “subject access request”. All subject access requests should be made in writing, by email or post, to contact details below.
Right 2 – A right to object to us processing your information
You have a right to object to us processing any personal data that we process where we are relying on legitimate interests as the legal basis of our processing.  This includes all of your personal data that we process for all of the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.   If we have compelling legitimate grounds to carry on processing your personal data, we will be able to continue to do so.  Otherwise we will cease processing your personal data. You can exercise this right by email.
Right 3 – A right to have inaccurate data corrected
You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate data that we hold about you; on notification we will correct your personal data.
Right 4 – A right to have your data erased
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal data in certain circumstances for example if we no longer need the data for the purpose set out in this Privacy Policy.  You can exercise this right by email.
Right 5 – A right to have processing of your data restricted
You can ask us to restrict processing of your personal data in some circumstances, for example if you think the data is inaccurate and we need to verify its accuracy.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy and/or our processing of your personal data, or want to action a ‘Right’ you can contact Peter Blenkiron by:-
Email:                This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Telephone:         01429 852152
Post:                  Peart Access Ramps Ltd, Baltic Street, Hartlepool, TS25 1PW
What if you have a complaint?
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
You also have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which regulates data protection compliance in the UK, if you are unhappy with how we have processed your personal data.  You can find out how to do this by visiting www.ico.org.uk
Monitoring
This policy will be monitored by Data Protection audit procedure.
Policy review.
This policy will be reviewed annually or when changes are required.
Disclaimer
Every effort is made to ensure the information contained within this site is accurate and up to date. However no responsibility can be taken for errors and omissions and we take no responsibility for loss or damage resulting from information on this site.
Copyright
Unless otherwise stated all content is Copyright (©) Peart Access Ramps 2008. Unauthorised use of any Peart company or companies within this site trademarks, logos, web content and brochures is prohibited.
Peart Access Ramps © 2020 Privacy Policy
Design by GOUK