http://www.cadillac.com/help-center
help center
You are currently viewing Cadillac.com. Close this window to stay here or choose another country to see vehicles and services specific to your location.
Canada
Other
CONTINUE
Skip to Main Content
VEHICLES
SHOPPING
OWNERSHIP
CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED
FIND A DEALER
WORLD OF CADILLAC
SEARCH
MENU
VEHICLES
SHOPPING
OWNERSHIP
CERTIFIED PRE-OWNED
FIND A DEALER
WORLD OF CADILLAC
SEARCH
BACK
HELP CENTER
Our helpful resources can assist you in finding answers to any of your questions.
OWNER ASSISTANCE
How-to videos, warranty details, vehicle diagnostics, service history and more in one helpful, convenient location.
LEARN MORE
FAQS
What’s Roadside Assistance? When does my warranty expire? What is Cadillac Shield? Find answers to these questions and more in our FAQs.
EXPLORE FAQs
WE’RE HERE TO HELP
Can’t find what you’re looking for? Our exceptional customer representatives can help.
CONTACT US
The Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Price excludes destination freight charge, tax, title, license, dealer fees and optional equipment. Click here to see all Cadillac vehicles’ destination freight charges.
Read the vehicle Owner's Manual for important feature limitations and information.
Functionality varies by model. Full functionality requires compatible Bluetooth® and smartphone, and USB connectivity for some devices.
Vehicle user interface is a product of Apple® and its terms and privacy statements apply. Requires compatible iPhone® and data plan rates apply. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple, Inc. Siri, iPhone and Apple Music are trademarks of Apple, Inc, registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Vehicle user interface is a product of GoogleTM and its terms and privacy statements apply. Requires the Android Auto app on Google Play and a compatible AndroidTM smartphone. Data plan rates apply. You can check which smartphones are compatible at g.co/androidauto/requirements. Android Auto is a trademark of Google LLC.
Functionality is subject to limitations and varies by vehicle, infotainment system, and location. Select service plan required. Certain Alexa Skills require account linking to use. Amazon, Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. See onstar.com for additional details.
The system wirelessly charges one compatible mobile device. Some phones have built-in wireless charging technology and others require a special adapter/back cover. To check for phone or other device compatibility, see my.cadillac.com/learn or consult your carrier.
Read the vehicle's owner's manual for important feature limitations and information.
Even while using the Super Cruise driver assistance feature, always pay attention while driving and do not use a hand-held device. Visit cadillacsupercruise.com for compatible highways and more information. Requires properly equipped vehicle, active Super Cruise subscription, working electrical system, cell reception, and GPS signal.
Safety or driver-assistance features are no substitute for the driver’s responsibility to operate the vehicle in a safe manner. The driver should remain attentive to traffic, surroundings and road conditions at all times. Visibility, weather and road conditions may affect feature performance. Read the vehicle Owner’s Manual for more important feature limitations and information.
|