http://www.barcham.co.uk/customer-services/privacy-promise/
Privacy Promise - Barcham Trees
Skip to main content
× Close menu
Home
Tree Finder
Accessories
Guides
Blog
Contact Us
Commercial
Instant Chat
Call us on 01353 720 950
By Appointment To
HMHer Majesty
The Queen
Specialist Container Tree Growers Barcham Trees Plc, Ely
By Appointment To
HRHHis Royal Highness
The Prince of Wales
Specialist Container Tree Growers Barcham Trees Plc, Ely
Basket (0)
There's nothing in your basket
Subtotal:
£0.00
View basket & checkout
Buy 10 trees of any size or species for significant discounts
Home
Tree Finder
Accessories
Guides
Blog
Contact Us
Commercial
More
Search
Home
/
Contact Us
/
Privacy Promise
Privacy Promise
Barcham Trees recognises the importance of your privacy. Protecting the information you send us over the Internet is one of our highest priorities and we have taken extensive steps to ensure that we safeguard your information. To see our see our GDPR policy please click HERE
If you would like to contact Barcham Trees directly regarding GDPR, please email privacy@barchamtrees.co.uk.
Cookies
Barcham Trees gathers information from users of this web site automatically by "cookies". These are small files of information which some web sites use to identify its users and also monitor how and when a site is used. This data will not be shared with third parties.
Third-Party Web Beacons
We use third-party web beacons from Google to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Google may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, click here.
Order Information
Barcham Trees keep copies of all orders, including contact and delivery information. This information is not shared with any third party company or organisation. No sensitive information concerning your financial details will be stored by Barcham Trees.
Company Information for Barcham Trees
Registered Address:  Barcham Trees Plc, Eye Hill Drove, Ely, Cambridgeshire, CB7 5XF
Telephone: 01353 720 950  Email: info@barchamtrees.co.uk
Company Registration
Registered in England, registered number: 2980323
Company VAT Registration VAT Number: GB215610891
Copyright
All photographs and content are Copyright © 2014 Barcham Trees Plc. All Rights Reserved.
Help
Frequently Asked Questions
Orders
Changing or cancelling your order
Delivery Information
Our Guarantee
Returns & Refunds
Our Website
Privacy Promise
Sitemap
Terms and conditions
Services
Garden Consultation
Gift buying service
Ordering from us
FAQ
Trees as Gifts
Buy The Tree You See
Garden Consultations
Buying Specimen Trees Online
Customer Service
Contact Us
Delivery Information
Guides and Advice
Blog
Legal
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Returns & Refunds
Terms & Conditions
Cancelling your Order
Our Guarantee
Subscribe
Enter your email address to receive the latest Barcham news
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Google Plus
Pintrest
For Commercial nursery sales visit www.barchampro.co.uk
© 2020 Barcham Trees plc  |  website by Studio 24