https://www.fundingpost.com/privacy.asp
FundingPost.com Privacy statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for FundingPost.com.
Information Collection and Use
Second Venture Corporation is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share,
or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Second Venture Corp. collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a
user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This
information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have
expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (such as income
level and gender), but encouraged so we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA, California residents have certain rights regarding their data, including:
The right to know the categories of personal information we’ve collected and the categories of sources from which we got the information
The right to know the business purposes for sharing personal information (We don't)
The right to know the categories of third parties with whom we’ve shared personal information (We don't)
The right to access the specific pieces of personal information we’ve collected and the right to delete your information
California residents also have the right to not be discriminated against if they choose to exercise their privacy rights.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie
on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time
while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this
is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user will not be able to
participate in any of our Sweepstakes, Contests or monthly Drawings that take place. Cookies can
also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we
have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather
broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally
identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not
linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these
services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to
provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of
providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Second Venture Corp. are not
responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware
when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that
collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information
collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and
email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in
these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or
not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as
name and wireless device used), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be
used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for
the friend's name and email address. Second Venture Corp. will automatically send the friend a one-time
email inviting them to visit the site. Second Venture Corp. stores this information for the sole purpose of
sending this one-time email. The friend may contact Second Venture Corp. at remove@fundingpost.com to
request the removal of this information from their database.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration form asks users to enter sensitive, that information is encrypted and is
protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our
power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive
information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are
granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected
screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to
re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our
security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our
employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they
can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store
personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked door.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to
Info@fundingpost.com
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established
members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a
newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these
types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are not able to
un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service.
We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to
their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no
longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that
user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or
by emailing our Customer Support.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners
may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to us at remove@fundingpost.com
with the word "REMOVE" in the subject line of the email.
In order to opt out of our affiliate partners emails,
please refer to their Opt-out Policy.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Privacy Policy page so our
users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if
any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner
different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We
will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was
collected.
© 2001-2013 Second Venture Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our legal policies,
please email us at info@SecondVenture.com.
Next
Previous
"FundingPost allows the venture community to review many interesting deals in a short period of time. The consistent format allows VCs to quickly evaluate companies raising capital based on the criteria that's most important to them." - Deepak Kamra, Canaan Partners
"I know that I've invested in at least one deal associated with FundingPost events, and it's a great networking opportunity with the founders and the VCs that are there. I'm looking forward to this one!" - John Filla, Angel Investor, Houston Angel Network
"I just invested in a mobile company I met through FundingPost - Thanks!" - Jay Goldberg, Hudson Ventures
"Empire Angels has invested in two companies we met through FundingPost. This is a great forum for entrepreneurs to meet investors and we look forward to continued participation!" - Graham Gullans, Empire Angels
"FundingPost has provided Investors a great way to read company summaries from across the country, and entrepreneurs the opportunity to get in front of a lot of Venture Funds they wouldn't normally have access to." - Richard Irving, Pond Venture Partners
"I see CEO's get their PhDs in best practices for how-to-get-funded techniques. This is accomplished through FundingPost's well orchestrated and accomplished conferences - great for learning from and networking with the money sources."
- Jeanne M. Sullivan, StarVest Partners
"BP's Castrol innoVentures invested in a company we met through FundingPost - They are a great resource for Investors and entrepreneurs alike!" - Miriam C Eaves, BP's Castrol innoVentures
"As a result of the conference we attended in Miami, Caerus made one of its first Investments in a Florida-based company whose CEO we met because of the impressive network FundingPost has constructed. " - Zachary A. Cherry, Caerus Ventures LLC
"I am happy to be a member of FundingPost.com. We always find good prospects, and the interface is efficient and easy to use. Thanks for putting this together." - George Petracek, Atrium Capital
"The Las Vegas Investor RoundTable of December 2013 was a great event because I got to know many talented entrepreneurs in Las Vegas that I would not have met in person otherwise. After the event, I made an investment of $25,000 in a seed idea that is looking very promising! I am looking forward to future events and future investments in Las Vegas entrepreneurs." - Don Sorensen, Las Vegas Angel Investor