http://www.chippewaboots.com/policies/shipping
JustinJustin Original WorkTony LamaNoconaChippewa
SHOP
Footwear
USE Work Outdoor
SERIES Cross Terrain Edge Walker Serious Plus Honcho Original
CATEGORY Logger 6 Inch Lace Up 8 Inch Lace Up Pull On / Wellington Snake Wedge Hiking Made In USA Women
FEATURE Safety Toe Waterproof Insulated Electrical Hazard Met Guard Puncture Resisting Heat Resisting
Sale Men Women
Search (mobile)
SEARCH
Justin Brands Policies
> Shipping PolicyShipping Policy
Last Updated:
July 31, 2017
Orders are processed Monday through Friday. Cutoff is 11am Central time. Any orders received after 11am will be processed the next business day. We do not offer Saturday or Sunday deliveries at this time.
BOOTS:
Justin Brands offers the following shipping options:FedEx Ground® $7.95
UPS Ground $7.95
FedEx Express Saver® $17.95
UPS 3-Day Select $17.95
FedEx 2Day® $24.95
UPS 2ndDay Air $24.95
Not all shipping options apply to all locations. Options and prices vary for Alaska and Hawaii.
Standard orders are shipped anywhere in the continental (contiguous) U.S. and typically arrive within 5-9 business days (Monday-Friday, not including holidays). Flat rate per pair is $7.95. This option does not apply to AK & HI.
Second day orders are shipped to continental (contiguous) U.S. locations for $24.95 per pair. This option is available to AK for a flat rate of $35.95 & HI for a flat rate of $27.95 per pair.
Third day orders are shipped to continental (contiguous) U.S. locations only for $17.95 per pair. This option does not apply to AK & HI.
We offer USPS Priority Mail shipment to AK & HI for a flat rate of $8.95 per pair.
Orders to APO, FPO, and DPO destinations ship via United States Postal Service (USPS) Priority Mail. Flat rate is typically $5.95 per pair. Justin Brands believes in supporting our military. So, the shipping fee is being waived at this time. USPS does not guarantee priority shipments, but most normally take 3-5 business days. Justin Brands does not offer USPS Ground, as it cannot be tracked.
Chippewa Boots USA does not ship to PO boxes or locations outside the U.S. at this time.
Justin Brands may, from time to time, announce promotional periods during which standard shipping prices are waived for certain styles for one or more brands.
Free and other shipping promotions do not apply to Alaska and Hawaii. For free and other shipping promotions, Justin Brands reserves the right to
ship by the carrier of our choice.
All orders are processed once credit card authorization and verification has been obtained.
Questions?
Contact Customer Service: 1-800-550-7327 or e-mail us at:
Chippewa Boots Customer Service	ACCESSORIES (CAPS, T-SHIRTS, SOCKS):
Not all shipping options apply to all locations. Options and prices vary for Alaska and Hawaii.
Standard orders are shipped anywhere in the continental (contiguous) U.S. and typically arrive within 5-9 business days (Monday-Friday, not including holidays). Flat rate is $2.50 per unit and are shipped by a carrier in conjunction with the US Postal Service. This option does not apply to AK & HI. Flat rate for standard orders to AK and HI is $7.95.
Second day orders are shipped to continental (contiguous) U.S. locations for $10.95 per unit. This option is available to AK & HI for a flat rate of $12.95 per unit.
Third day orders are shipped to continental (contiguous) U.S. locations only for $6.95 per unit. This option does not apply to AK & HI.
Orders to APO, FPO, and DPO destinations to ship continental (contiguous) U.S. locations via United States Postal Service (USPS) Priority Mail. Flat rate is typically $2.50 per unit. Justin Brands believes in supporting our military. So, the shipping fee is being waived at this time. USPS does not guarantee priority shipments, but most normally take 3-5 business days. Justin Brands does not offer USPS Ground, as it cannot be tracked.
Orders to APO, FPO, and DPO destinations in AK & HI ship via United States Postal Service (USPS) Priority Mail. Flat rate per pair is typically $7.95 per unit. Justin Brands believes in supporting our military. So, $3.00 of the shipping fee is being waived at this time. USPS does not guarantee priority shipments, but most normally take 3-5 business days. Justin Brands does not offer USPS Ground, as it cannot be tracked.
Chippewa Boots USA does not ship to PO boxes or locations outside the U.S. at this time.
Justin Brands may, from time to time, announce promotional periods during which standard shipping prices are waived for certain styles for one or more brands. Free and other shipping promotions do not apply to Alaska and Hawaii. For Free and other shipping promotions, Justin Brands reserves the right to ship by the carrier of our choice.
All orders are processed once credit card authorization and verification has been obtained.
Questions?
Contact Customer Service: 1-800-550-7327 or e-mail us at:
Chippewa Boots Customer Service
No errors
No errors
Free Standard Shipping onpre-tax orders over $99. Does NOT include shipments to Alaska and Hawaii.
See our complete shipping policy.