http://www.citisoft.com/privacy-policy
Services
Advisory Services
Strategic Assessment
Outsourcing Evaluation & Selection
Systems Strategy & Selection
Delivery Services
Program & Project Management
Systems Implementation & Integration
Outsourcing Transition
Expertise
Front Office
Middle Office
Back Office
Data Management
Alternative Operations
Outsourcing
About
Management Team
Our Clients
Events
Our Vendor Relationships
Insights
Blog
Resources
Careers
Opportunities
Benefits and Culture
Our People
Contact Us
Submit an Inquiry
Privacy Policy
Background
Citisoft understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, citisoft.com (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
Information about Us
“Citisoft” (Our/We/Us) is comprised of Citisoft PLC, a company registered in England under company number 1968753 with its registered office at 63 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4N 4UA and Citisoft Inc., a company incorporated in Delaware, United States of America under number 3565972 with its official office address at 343 Congress Street, Boston, MA 02210, USA. This website represents both legal entities and respects the privacy rights of users in all regions of operations.
What does this policy cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them. Links on this website to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this website. We do not control these linked websites or their content. We do not include or offer third-party products or services on Our site.
What personal data do We collect from the people that visit Our blog, website or app?
When registering on Our Site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do We collect data?
We collect data from you when you register on our site or enter information on Our Site.
How do We use your data?
We may use the data We collect from you when you register, sign up for Our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow Us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
How and where do We store your data?
We only keep your personal data for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
Your data may be stored in the USA or the European Economic Area (“the EEA”). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is maintained safely and securely in accordance with EU’s General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”).
How do We protect your data?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Do We share your data?
We will not share any of your data with any third parties for any purposes other than where, in certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal obligations, a court order, or a governmental authority.
Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the data confidential. In addition, all sensitive data you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
Do We use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help Us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables Us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help Us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that We can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on Our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
We have implemented the following:
We, along with Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) to compile data regarding user interactions as they relate to Our Site.
Opting out:
Users can prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics opt-out add-on for your web browser. The Google Analytics opt-out add-on is designed to be compatible with Chrome, Internet Explorer 11, Safari, Firefox and Opera. To function, the opt-out add-on must be able to load and execute properly on your browser. For Internet Explorer, 3rd-party cookies must be enabled.
California Online Privacy Protection Act, CalOPPA
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website.
According to CalOPPA, We agree to the following:
Users can visit Our Site anonymously.
A link to Our Privacy Policy is on Our homepage.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
How does Our Site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does Our Site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
No.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, COPPA puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices We will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via in-site notification or email
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaces the Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and was designed to harmonize data privacy laws across Europe, to protect and empower all EU residents’ data privacy. We meet GDPR’s requirements to only market to EU residents who provide a clear affirmative act establishing a freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
Access to your data
Upon request, We will provide you with information about whether We hold any of your personal data. If you provide Us with your personal data, you have the following rights with respect to that information:
To review the personal data that you have supplied to Us
To request that We correct any errors, outdated data, or omissions in personal data that you have supplied to Us
To request that your personal data is not be used to contact you
To request that your personal dta be removed from any solicitation list that We use
To request that your personal data be deleted from Our records
To opt out of being solicited by Us
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Site or this Privacy Policy or wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact Us
by email at marketing@citisoft.com; or
by post at Citisoft, 343 Congress St, Boston, MA 02110 USA, Attention: Privacy.
Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you. We will respond to a request to change, correct, or delete your personal data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action We have taken.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
© 2020 Citisoft. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Linkedin
Twitter