http://www.neo-image.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
HOME
OUR STORY
CONTACT US
HAND SANITIZER
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Neo-Image Candlelight Ltd. respects your privacy, and we assure you that we will maintain and use this information responsibly. We have created this statement to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices to demonstrate our commitment to protecting the privacy of our visitors. Use of this website constitutes your consent to any privacy policy and terms and conditions contained herein.
Collection of personal information
While using this site you may be required to complete forms that ask for certain personal and contact information. Information collected on the forms is used for its intended purpose as described on the form and to help serve your needs.
Use of information
Neo-Image Candlelight Ltd. will not provide access to personal information to third parties. Neo-Image Candlelight Ltd. will not sell or rent your personal information to any party. We do reserve the right to disclose such information in response to court and governmental orders, subpoenas, and otherwise as required by law.
Cookies
Neo-Image Candlelight Ltd. may use a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies also allow Neo-Image Candlelight Ltd. to make our site more responsive to your needs, by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. The cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by Neo-Image Candlelight Ltd. to help track your clicks as you go through the pages within this site. Most web browsers accept cookies by default; however, the user can usually deactivate this feature.
Applicability of privacy statement
This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online at www.neo-image.com.
Questions/changes in policy
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about this site.