http://www.restaurantequipment.com/privacy-notice
Home
Privacy Notice | Restaurant Equipment
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (RestaurantEquipment.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following: 1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via CustomerService@RestaurantEquipment.com or 1-800-562-4125:• See what data we have about you, if any.• Change/correct any data we have about you.• Have us delete any data we have about you.• Express any concern you have about our use of your data.RegistrationIn order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.OrdersWe request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.Do we use Cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like firefox or internet explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service. Google AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics as a means to better understand our users and provide the best possible customer experience. Google Analytics collects data about traffic via Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation. Google is committed to keeping your data protected. We encourage you to read their Privacy Policy. We do not merge personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google Product.
To opt-out of Google Analytics Advertiser Features for any website, we recommend that you install Google's Opt-Out Browser Add-OnSecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-800-562-4125 or customerservice@restaurantequipment.com.