http://www.woodlandfoods.com/company/customer-service/#policies
Skip to content
Main navigation
Search (Ex: Morels, m21, curries)
Search
Home
Products
Brands
Recipes
Company
About Us
Careers
Our Culture
Customer Service
Services
Press Info
Mushrooms & Truffles
Chiles
Herbs and Spices
Grains
Rice
Beans, Lentils & Peas
Sun-Dried Tomatoes
Couscous, Orzo & Noodles
Fruits
Nuts & Seeds
Vegetables
Snacks
Oils, Pastes, & Specialty
Edible Insects
Customer Service
FAQs
Contact Us
Policies
FAQs
OUR COMPANY
Where do your products come from?
We purchase products from farmers, markets and manufacturers located here in the U.S. and from more than 60 countries all around the world. Our Purchasing team finds and purchases quality ingredients according to the harvest seasons across several continents. Even though our products have a shelf life of several months or more, working in season helps keep our costs low and the quality of our products high.
How can I apply for a job at Woodland Foods?
Our people are our greatest assets. Think you can make a contribution to our team? Click here to learn about any current openings and to find out how to apply.
What brands of ingredients are made at Woodland Foods?
Woodland Foods sells ingredients to three kinds of customers, and even though the ingredients in the packages all come from the same sources, the label for each kind of customer has a different brand name including:
Woodland Ingredients™Some of the country’s best-loved known food brands buy ingredients from Woodland Foods. We’ve made a selection of these products available to you in the same commercial-size packages under our Woodland Ingredients label.
D’Allesandro Gourmet Ingredients®We also provide ingredients directly to restaurants all across the country. These restaurant-size products are available on our website in packaging labeled D’Allesandro Gourmet Ingredients.
Manitou Trading Company®Some of our ingredients get packed and labeled Manitou Trading Company before being sold at select grocery stores and kitchen supply retailers. These packages are the right size for many consumers and households.You’ll always receive the same high-quality ingredients when you order from Woodland Foods, no matter what size package you choose or which brand name is on the label.
OUR PRODUCTS
What if I have a question about a specific Woodland Foods product?
Every ingredient has its own page on our site which features comprehensive product description and other key facts. Looking for even more information? Reach us at Help@WoodlandFoods.com.
Are your products Kosher? Organic? GMO free? Gluten free?
For information about which of our products are certified kosher, organic, or to be GMO or gluten free, please see the specific page dedicated to each individual product. You can also select any of these properties from the filters list when browsing a category of products as a group.
More than 98% of our ingredients are certified kosher by Kof-K Kosher Supervision, and more than 98% of our ingredients are GMO free. We continue to add certified organic products (using the specifications of the USDA’s National Organic Program) as we find reliable suppliers of them.
Many Woodland Foods products are naturally gluten free.
I have a food allergy, so how can I know which of your products I can eat?
We take special care with ingredients we know some people are allergic to. We provide a complete list of every ingredient we use to make each of our products on that product's page. That ingredient list appears on the product's packaging, too, so you can be sure that if it’s not on the label, it's not in the bag.
Where do I find the “Best By” date on your packages?
Our ingredients are made from the finest shelf-stable products available to us, and they are specially packed to preserve their freshness. Our retail packages are marked with a "Best By" date which is the date by which they should be used for peak flavor and quality.
Our larger, commercial-size packages (those with either D'Allesandro Gourmet Ingredients® or Woodland Ingredients™ on the case label) do not have a best by date. Instead, the label includes the date on which that item was put into that package, written in code.
This date code contains the letter "J" and a 4-digit number. The first three digits indicate the day of the year (January 1st is "001" because it is the first day of the year while February 12th is "043" because it is the forty-third day of the year, etc.). The last digit matches the last digit of the year of the packed on date ("6" indicates a date in 2016, "7" is for 2017, and so on).
The best by date for products with these labels is tracked by lot code. To find the lot code of a product you bought on WoodlandFoods.com, check the packaging for a code made up of the letter "L" followed by 6 or 7 digits. Share this lot code with our Customer Service Department by email at Help@WoodlandFoods.com or by calling (847) 693-7573 M-F 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. CST and we'll help determine the best by date for you.
Where can I find recipes using your products?
Our Culinary Department is always cooking up something tasty. They’ve given us recipes featuring every product on our site. You’ll find recipes for specific products on those products’ information pages. To browse all our recipes just click on Recipes at the top of this page.
ORDERING FROM US
What are my payment options?
Our website can process orders using major credit cards including MasterCard, Visa, Discover and American Express cards. We are also happy to process PayPal payments.
If you are a current Woodland Foods customer with a commercial account, please contact your Woodland Foods representative to place any new orders. To find out about setting up a new commercial account, please email Sales@WoodlandFoods.com.
When will I receive my order?
It can take 24 to 48 hours for us to pick and pack all the items in an order and schedule shipping with United Parcel Service, although many orders received by 12 PM Central Standard Time will be shipped on the same day.
Once you finalize your order and the payment is processed, you will receive an Order Confirmation email letting you know we're working on your order.
Once we've collected all the items in your order, packed them for shipping and we have arranged shipment through UPS, you will receive a Shipping Confirmation email with the UPS tracking number.
How do I track my order once it has shipped?
You can track your order on United Parcel Service's website at UPS.com using the tracking number you received in the Shipping Confirmation email. If you have created a WoodlandFoods.com account, you can use our site to look up tracking numbers for orders you place with us.
What if there's a problem with my order?
If you're dissatisfied with your order once you receive it we encourage you to notify us at Orders@WoodlandFoods.com. Please be sure to refer to your order number so we can address any issues as quickly as possible.
Can I pick up my order?
Unfortunately we do not currently offer customer pick-up.
Can I return my order?
Upon receipt, please inspect your purchase.  In the unusual circumstance that your order does not meet expectations, we will refund your order and/or provide you with a replacement. Most refunds will be issued pending receipt of the returned goods by our receiving department.Please contact us with your order ID to begin the refund process. All orders 30 days or older are final and not eligible for return and refund.
Where can WoodlandFoods.com ship products?
We're pleased to offer shipping to the 48 contiguous states.
We hope to be able to offer shipping to Alaska, Hawaii and U.S. Territories like Puerto Rico or the U.S. Virgin Islands soon. Sign up for our newsletter and be notified when we begin service to those regions.
Contact Us
Need to reach us?
For questions about an online order, please email us at Orders@woodlandfoods.com
For questions about products, account help or other business related topics, please email us at Help@woodlandfoods.com
Or reach us by phone at (847) 693-7573 M-F 8:00 am to 5:00 pm CST.
Policies
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseVendor Terms and Conditions
Back To Top
We explore the world for the finest specialty food ingredients
Foodservice
Consumer
Industrial