http://www.4are.com/privacy.php
Build Your Own
Dealer Locator
Special Offers
Careers
ON YOUR TRUCK
TRUCK CAPS
TONNEAU COVERS
COMMERCIAL
RIVAL LED LIGHTING
ASCEND ROOF BASKET
ACCESSORIES
FLEET
F150Ford F150
RaptorFord Raptor
Super DutyFord Super Duty
RangerFord Ranger
Silverado / SierraChevy - Silverado / Sierra
Colorado / CanyonChevy - Colorado / Canyon
RamDodge Ram
DakotaDodge Dakota
TundraToyota Tundra
TacomaToyota Tacoma
FrontierNissan Frontier
TitanNissan Titan
RidgelineHonda Ridgeline
View A.R.E. Caps On Your Truck
CX Classic
Z
Z2
Overland
V
MX
TW
Walk-In Door
OTR Option
ToolMaster
HD
Deluxe Commercial Units
DCU MAX
Diamond Edition DCU
Classic Aluminum
Build Your Own Cap
A.R.E. Truck Caps
LSII
3DL
Overland Option
OTR Option
Build Your Own Tonneau
Fiberglass vs Plastic
Fuel Savings
A.R.E. Tonneau Covers
Commercial Fleet Users
Deluxe Commercial Units
DCU MAX
Diamond Edition DCU
3DL
ToolMaster
HD
Build Your Own DCU
CargoGlide Slides
Kargo Master Racks
Prime Design Racks
Jet Racks
Pickup Vault
A.R.E. Commercial Units
Availability
Features & Options
Specifications
Product Videos
Removal / Reinstallation
Construction
Care & Maintenance
Warranty Information
Product Registration
Testimonials
Reviews
Fiberglass vs Plastic
A.R.E. FAQ
Why Buy A.R.E.
Brochures
A.R.E. Product Information
STORAGE SOLUTIONS
BEDLINERS & MATS
ROOF RACKS & BASKETS
RIVAL BY A.R.E. LED LIGHTING
OTHER ACCESSORIES
CargoGlide Slides
TruckVault
SwingSafe™
A.R.E. Rod Pods
Jet Racks
Bedrug
Bedrug Mat
Yakima Roof Racks
KargoMaster Roof Racks
Prime Design Racks
Ascend Roof Basket
Rival LED Lighting
TopperEZLift
Backup Camera
Slick Lock
Pet Screen Protectors
A.R.E. Truck Accessories
Online Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy governs the use of your Personal Information (as defined below) by any web sites or mobile web sites owned or operated by A.R.E. Accessories, LLC., including the web site currently located at 4are.com
(the "Site"), any applications (e.g., iPhone applications, iPad applications, Android applications, etc.) offered by A.R.E. Accessories and any other applications, interactive features, widgets and resources offered by 4are.com through traditional Internet websites, mobile devices or other platforms (all of which are collectively referred to as the "A.R.E. Accessories Service" or "Service"). This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information, as defined below.
Information We Collect
Personal Information
We may collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, zip code, telephone number, e-mail address, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide to us or include in your 4are.com
profile or account ("Personal Information"). You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information when you register with the Site, when you make a purchase or use any of our Services, or at other times. The decision to provide this information is optional. However, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to make purchases or use some or all of the features of the Site or Services. We do not disclose your Personal Information except as provided below.
Payment and Credit Card Information
To ensure the security of your payment and credit card information, we use a third-party processor for all our transactions. We do not save or otherwise share your payment information.
Your payment and credit card information are not considered Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Usage Data and Site Activity
In addition, we automatically collect information in connection with the actions you take on the Site ("Usage Data"). For example, each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, and the time and duration of your visits to the Site. This anonymous usage information may be associated with your username and profile, but we do not disclose the associated information to third parties.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser). We also may use Web beacons (an electronic file placed on a Web site that monitors usage). We use cookies and Web beacons to improve the experience of the Site and Services, such as pre-populating your username for easier login. We do not use cookies or Web beacons to collect Personal Information. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Some of our Third-Party Providers and Advertisers (as such terms are defined below), may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.
How We Use Information and When We May Share and Disclose Information
Generally
We use Personal Information for internal purposes, such as to provide you with the Site and Services, to improve the Site and Services, to notify you of new products or Services, and to otherwise communicate with you about A.R.E. Accessories and information relating to your transactions. We will not directly disclose Personal Information to third parties except as explained in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose to third parties certain Usage Data regarding the Site and Services. However, in such cases, your Usage Data is aggregated with the Usage Data of others and does not identify you individually.
Third-Party Providers
From time to time, we may establish business relationships with other businesses who have privacy practices generally consistent with ours ("Third-Party Providers"). For example, we may contract with Third-Party Providers for certain services, such as order fulfillment, shipping, hosting and maintenance, data storage and management, and marketing and promotions. We only provide our Third-Party Providers with the information required to perform these services on our behalf. Each Third-Party Provider is contractually and/or legally required to use reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate for the type of information disclosed in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Third-Party Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by A.R.E. Accessories.
Advertising
We may work with third-party advertisers, search providers and ad networks ("Advertisers"). We do not share Personal Information with Advertisers, although we may share your vehicle information (e.g., type and model of vehicle). We may share anonymous Usage Data and other non-Personal Information with Advertisers. Advertisers may collect and use information about your use of the Site or Services as well as other Web sites and services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, but they are only able to push these promotions to you while you are on the Site or using the Services. These companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as Web beacons in order to collect such information and push you promotions when they recognize you are on the Site or using the Services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that an Advertiser may collect from you. Advertisements may be shown via the Site, the Services, or on third-party web sites. You can visit the https://www.networkadvertising.org, which offers information about internet advertising companies and how to opt-out of their information collection.
Third-Party Services and Applications
Through the Site and the Services, you may have the ability to elect to access third-party services and applications, such as Facebook and other social networks. When you do so, you may be able to import information from those other services and applications and share content with those services. Some of those third-party services may also provide us with information from your accounts which may enable us to enhance and personalize your use of the Site and Services (e.g., so that you can follow your Facebook friends' activity on the Site or Services). Any information you allow us to import from those third-party sites will become Personal Information and, if you elect to use such third-party services or applications through the Site or via the Services, the information you share with such third-party services and applications will be subject to their privacy policies and your privacy settings for such services. You also may be able to control or block such sharing by changing your privacy settings in such services or applications.
Other Transfers
We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with A.R.E. Accessories.
If A.R.E. Accessories is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our reasonable judgment, the new entity intends to handle your information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.
Managing Your Information Preferences
If you provide us your email [or mailing address], we may use that information to send you important messages about our promotions and products. If you do not want to receive these valuable messages, you may unsubscribe from email via a link in the footer of all promotional email messages. Alternatively, you may email
at any time and ask to be removed from our email list. It may take up to __ days for us to remove your email from our list. Even after that time, we may continue to send you email communications related to your transactions with us (e.g., emails regarding account notifications, purchases, billings, shipments, returns, customer support questions and similar information regarding your use of the Site and Services).
If you want to opt out of having your Personal Information disclosed to Third-Party Providers, Advertisers, or both, please let us know by sending us an email at
or by writing to us at A.R.E. Accessories Attn: Customer Service - 400 Nave Rd. PO Box 1100, Massillon, OH 44648. Please be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically state that you do not want your Personal Information shared with Third-Party Providers, Advertisers, or both.
Similarly, if you would like to ask questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may do so by sending us an email at
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
A.R.E. Accessories cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property or rights of A.R.E. Accessories or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Please refer to the site's Terms and Conditions for additional details.
Public Forums and Public Areas - Information You Make Available to Others
Please be aware that whenever you share information on public forums on the Site, that information may be accessed by others. In addition, please remember that when you share information in any other communications with third parties, that information may be passed along or made public by others. This means that anyone with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications.
By using certain features of the Site or certain Services, your Personal Information may be made available to others. For example, if you post a comment in a public area of the Site, other users may see your user name and other information from your public profile, such as your location. The information you choose to make publicly available may be accessed by users who use the Site or Services and may be accessed by commercial search engines such as Google, Yahoo! and Bing to the extent that such engines are permitted to access the Site.
Security
A.R.E. Accessories recognizes the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we employ commercially reasonable measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure and use. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site or Services, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site or Services, and you do so at your own risk.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. In addition, we recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Processing in the United States
Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store information in the United States. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using our Site or Services, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
Privacy Policy Changes
From time to time, we may change the Privacy Policy. If we decide to change the Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Those changes will go into effect on the revision date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Site or Services constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
The effective date of this privacy statement is December 11, 2017.
400 Nave Rd SE Massillon, OH 44646
COMPANY
Company History
Careers
Why Buy A.R.E.
Testimonials
Reviews
Become an A.R.E. Dealer
TOOLS/RESOURCES
A.R.E. FAQ's
Product Availability
Glossary
Features & Options
Specifications
Construction
Removal/Reinstallations
Care & Maintenence
MEDIA CENTER
A.R.E. Videos
Image Gallery
Brochures
Fiberglass vs Plastic
Historical Photos
Project Nightfall
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us
Build Your Own
Dealer Locator
Warranty Info
Product Registration
Special Offers
Copyright Info | Sitemap | Privacy | Terms & Conditions | Mobile Friendly