http://www.paylessmagnets.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
SHOP MAGNETS
Square & Rectangle Magnets
Circle & Oval Magnets
Shaped Magnets
Custom Shaped Magnets
Save the Date Magnets
Business Card Magnets
Calendar Magnets
Picture Frame Magnets
Sports Schedule Magnets
ABOUT US
FAQs
Menu
Cart
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Payless Magnets, Inc. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected from you. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
1. See what data we have about you, if any.2. Change/correct any data we have about you.3. Have us delete any data we have about you.4. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
When you submit sensitive information to us via internet; email; regular mail; telephone or fax, we take precautions to protect your information.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Sharing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately.