http://www.celli.com/en/privacy
Vuoi maggiori informazioni?
Contact Us
Client Area
LOGOUT
Careers
Contact Us
Italiano
Italiano
ENG
ESP
ABOUT US
Next
generation
Products
Stories
DISTRIBUTORS
IT
CELLI GROUP
ABOUT CELLI
Celli Team
Celli Group
All products
Celli Beer
Coca-Cola products
Pepsi products
Other Categories
The draught
challenge
Our Vision
Our Mission
Our Values
Our Skills
HOME / PRIVACY
PRIVACY POLICY
www.celli.com
The privacy and
security of your personal details are very important to us. For this reason, we
have prepared this Privacy Policy to better explain who we are and how we
collect and manage your data.
Who we are?
This Policy is
published by CELLI S.P.A., Loc. via Casino Albini 605, 47842 San Giovanni in
Marignano (RN) VAT no. IT 04072020409, Celli S.p.A. owns 100% of Cosmetal Srl
and the Acqua Alma brand, Lam srl, ADS2 Ltd, Celli UK Ltd and MF Refrigeration.
Celli S.p.A. is the
controller of the website www.celli.com  (hereafter "Site") from which it is
possible to reach the specific websites of all companies defined as "Celli
Group". CELLI S.P.A. is the data controller and is responsible, for itself and
its companies, for the acquisition, use, transmission, keeping and protection
of personal data as per this Privacy Policy and the legislation in force (Reg.
EU/679 dated April 27, 2016, General Data Protection Regulation, "GDPR").
Should you need any
clarifications, please send an e-mail message to dataprivacy@celligroup.com
Information on the
user collected by the Celli Group.
In our web forms, you
will be required to provide the following identification data: first name, last
name and e-mail address, phone number and any other information requested for
your identification.
This information will
be used for statistical purposes and will allow us to invite you to events
organized in your geographical area.
Provision of your data
is optional, but in the absence of your consent, we will not be able to process
your request.
How we use your
personal details and with what purpose
We process your
personal details by means of electronic devices only for the purposes stated in
this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise advised when collecting them.
If you are one of our
customers, your personal details can be used by Celli S.p.A to comply with
contractual obligations towards you, answer to requests of intervention and/or
service and/or provide online services to you.
It shall be within our
legitimate interest – as per whereas clause 47 and article 6.1, letter f of the
GDPR – to use the data provided by you for direct marketing activities, without
infringing your rights and fundamental freedoms. This, for example, includes:
Process
your data to manage and organize the event to which you have subscribed and
send you information material and invite you to the events organized by the Celli
Group closer to your area of interest;
Ensure
you access to contents reserved to registered users, as for example catalogues,
presentations, brochures;
Present
targeted marketing campaigns, contacting you by email or telephone, to offer
you promotions and inform you on the Group's products and services, also via
newsletter;
Carry
out market surveys on customer satisfaction presented, also through market research
institutes, by phone, with questionnaires or through personal appointments;
Measure
the performance of our e-mail marketing campaigns (for example analysing the
percentages of openings and clicks);
Improve
our Services, for example reviewing data on frozen or not working pages visited
by the users, so as to identify and solve the problems and provide a better
experience to you.
If you have consented
to receiving the newsletter and/or have declared to be interested in being kept
updated on new events organized by us, we will use your data to inform you, by
e-mail, on the news about products and services of the Celli Group sending you
our newsletter.
You may unsubscribe
from our marketing services, at any time, as per art. 7 co.3 GDPR, through an
unsubscribe link contained in such messages or sending a specific request to: dataprivacy@celligroup.com
With whom we may
share your data
Celli SpA, for direct
marketing purposes, may convey the collected data to the Celli Group's
companies, Data processors on our behalf and as per the standards of data
organization and management defined by the holding company, in full compliance
with the applicable legislation on data processing.
In case you subscribe
to an event, your data may be processed also by third companies, partners or
accredited providers of the Celli Group, selected for their high
professionalism and appointed Data Processors.
The Celli Group may
process and keep personal data collected in its data centres of its own or of
selected and accredited suppliers located in the various countries, all members
of the European Union. Your personal data could be transferred within this area
this area pursuant to the February 5th, 2010 Commission's decision
related to contractual clauses for personal data transfer to accredited
partners in third countries as per the legislation 95/46/CE of European Parliament
and Council (2010/87/UE).
For how long we may
keep your data
Depending on the
different processings made, the Celli Group may keep your data:
If
an agreement is in force, until the ordinary statutory limitation period of 2
years elapses, after its expiration.
For
direct marketing activities, as long as you work with the organization that is
our customer and/or prospect, unless you unsubscribe;
Until
you withdraw your consent to receiving our newsletter or, at the latest, until
the ordinary statutory limitation period of 2 years elapses since you
voluntarily provided your data.
How you can protect
your data
Anytime, you may
exercise your rights with the Data Controller, as per articles 15 and following
ones of the GDPR, contacting dataprivacy@celligroup.com and:
Obtain
confirmation whether data on you exist and its communication in an intelligible
form;
Obtain
information on: a) purposes and methods of data processing; b) rationale
applied for any processing by means of electronic devices; c) the data subjects
or the categories of data subjects to which personal data may be communicated
or who may learn such data in their capacity as selected representative in the
State territory, controllers or people in charge;
Additionally,
obtain: a) access to personal data processed by the Celli Group; b) the
updating, amendment or, if interested the cancellation of data; c) the
portability of the data provided;
If
you receive the information newsletter on our products and events, you may
withdraw your consent at any time, through the unsubscribe link in the
newsletter or writing to dataprivacy@celligroup.com;
Object,
totally or partially, to the processing of your data for direct marketing. Such
right may also be exercised through the unsubscribe link in such
communications;
Submit,
additionally, a complaint to a Supervisory Authority, as per the applicable
legislation.
DATE LAST UPDATE: 15th
July 2020
INFORMATIVA COOKIESQuesto sito o gli strumenti terzi da questo utilizzati si avvalgono di cookie necessari al funzionamento ed utili alle finalità illustrate nella cookie policy. Se vuoi saperne di più o negare il consenso a tutti o ad alcuni cookie, consulta la cookie policy. Chiudendo questo banner, scorrendo questa pagina, cliccando su un link o proseguendo la navigazione in altra maniera, acconsenti all'uso dei cookie.
OK, ACCONSENTO APPROFONDISCI