https://www.autocraze.com.au/store/privacy-policy/
Tyres
Tyre by brand
4wd Accessories
Snorkels
Central locking
Flares
EBoard Power Side Steps
Cosmetic trims
Grilles
Lighting
Canopy
Electric Roller Shutter
Manual Roller Shutter
Coilovers
Nudge Bar
Bull Bars
Air compressor
Dashcam
Led Light Bar
4x4 Winch
Sports bar
Performance Exhaust
Recovery Gear
Outdoors/lifestyle
Bull Bars
Lift Kits
Lift Kits by brand
XMAS Deals
Gallery
Contact Us
My Account
Logout
My Wishlist
FULLY INSURED SHIPPING*
RATED 4.9 STARS ON GOOGLE
IN-HOUSE INDUSTRY EXPERTS
100% FITMENT GUARANTEE
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us and we will always respect and protect your information. AutoCraze takes this responsibility seriously and is very careful about how and when your personal information is collected, used and shared. We have structured our website so that, in general, you can visit the website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Once you decide to provide us with any information by which you can be identified, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Security
AutoCraze has taken all essential measures to make sure that any information you give us, including credit card details, remains private and secure and that your payment and registration information is processed with total confidentiality.
When you place orders or access account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information, which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally require proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.
The following should give you a greater understanding on how we collect and use customer information.
Why we collect information:
We collect information for a number of reasons including:
Internal record keeping
To analyse the use of the www.autocraze.com.au website
To improve our products and services
To send promotional e-mail about new products, special offers and services
When we collect information:
When you order goods or services, particularly when those products are delivered
If you use our Lay By or place service
When you leave goods with us for repair
If you open a AutoCrazeVIP Card account with us
When you shop in our stores and use your AutoCraze VIP Card.
What information we collect:
The following personal information is collected, in most cases, when you place an order or provide feedback to us:
Name
Address
Delivery address
Phone number
Age details
Transaction information
When you register with us to receive our monthly newsletter or details of offers or products we will collect your e-mail address
Who we may share your information with:
When you register your details with us to receive our weekly newsletter or give us the information and have not advised us to the contrary, you are agreeing that we may use your personal information for the purposes set out in this statement.
We will often need to pass your personal details such as your name and address to companies who perform part of our service delivery and installation. This includes organisations such as mail houses and third party fulfilment contractors. We may also disclose personal information to government authorities as required by law.
In these circumstances, AutoCraze will ensure that these third parties actively partake in protecting your privacy.
If you believe that any information we are holding is incorrect or incomplete, please write or e-mail us as soon as possible to customerservice@autocraze.com.au
We will correct any information which has been found to be incorrect as soon as possible.
Other Websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site you should note that we do not have any control over the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the web site in question.
Security
From time to time and in line with customer expectations and legislative changes, our privacy policies and procedures will be reviewed and, if appropriate, updated.
AUTOCRAZE SILVERWATER
95-99 Silverwater Road,Unit 5
Silverwater NSW 2128
AUTOCRAZE CARINGBAH
27-29 Captain Cook Dr
Caringbah NSW 2229
AUTOCRAZE R&D BRISBANE
Level 19, 10 Eagle Street,
Brisbane,
QLD
4000
Google
4.9 Stars (1000+ Reviews)
Facebook
4.8 Stars (700+ Reviews)
GO
1800 099 634
Email
Contact us
about us
Business as Usual, We are still open
Start Your Own Business
Blog
partner locations
privacy policy
Become an Autocraze Supplier
sustainability
terms and conditions
testimonials
trading times
Careers
Touched By Christopher Foundation
FREE GIFT-TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Alloy Wheels
Become A Fitting Partner
XMAS Deals
Coilovers
Contact Us
FAQ Videos
fitting and balancing
Wheel Brands
Ford Ranger Mag Wheels
Gallery
Guaranteed Fitment First Time
KMC wheels
Liftkits
Nuts/Locknuts
Tyres
Services
shipping
Simmons Wheels
sitemap
Submit Customer Photos
track my order
Tyre Repair Services
UP TO 30 MONTHS INTEREST FREE FINANCE
What are Offsets?
Warranty
wheels
wheels and tyres packages
4x4 wheels
AutoCraze © 2020 All Rights Reserved.
×
Previous
Next
Top