https://www.rei.ricoh.com/privacy/
Applications
Direct Thermal Media
Airline Baggage Tags
Courier
Food Weigh Scale
Healthcare
Industrial Warehouse
Laboratory
Meat Processing
Shelf Tags
Tag & Ticket
Wristbands
Thermal Transfer Ribbons
Article Control Tag & Ticket
Date Coding
Indication Manufacturing and Process Control
Textile
Products & Services
Direct Thermal Media
by Material
by Application
Direct Thermal Products Guide
Adhesive Guide
Surplus Rolls
Thermal Transfer Ribbons
by Printer Type
by Application
Toner Equipment & Supplies
Digital Imaging System
Anajet
Discontinuation of Thermal Rewritable Products
RSolutions
Ricoh's Advantages (New)
SuperMicroBall
Roll-4-U®
Patented Run-a-Splice®
White Papers
Support & Downloads
Order Forms and Tools
Request Sample Roll
Roll Label Guide
Place an Order
Conversion Tools
Account Credit App
Terms and Conditions
Credit Card Authorization
Customer Claim
FAQs
Downloads
Direct Thermal Products Guide
Direct Thermal Adhesive Guide
Direct Thermal Applications Spec Sheets
Thermal Transfer Ribbons Spec Sheets
Company Brochure
Certificates
Safety Data Sheets
Compliance
Contact Us
About Us
Our Company
Careers
Job Opportunities
Newsroom
Contact Us
Our Culture
Our Leadership
Our Innovations
Our Advantage
Our Parent Company
Corporate Responsibility and Environmental Sustainability
Empowering Digital Workplaces
Share
Home>Privacy
Privacy
Overview
RICOH Electronics, Inc. ("we" or "us") is committed to protecting our customers’ privacy. Your privacy through the use of our Web site located at URL http://www.rei.ricoh.com ("our Site") is paramount in that goal.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy ("Policy") is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you and your organization, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information. This Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
This Policy will explain the following regarding use of our Site:
What information do we collect from you?
Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
With whom do we share your information?
How may you update, correct or delete your Personally Identifiable Information?
What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?
What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
Use of "Cookies"
You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from our Site.
Privacy Policy changes.
1. What information do we collect from you?
In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, our Site collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our Site.
Personally Identifiable Information:
This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal information is requested when you order a product or service, enter contests or sweepstakes, fill out surveys, and correspond with us. This information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, or e-mail address. With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you visit our Site in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Web site’s Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer.Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
2. Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide our visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer contact information to fill orders, contact prior purchasers to inform them of their order status and to send promotional e-mails.
We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate customer behavior. This allows us to measure relative customer interest in the various areas of our Site for product development purposes. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content of our Site, to enhance users’ experiences when visiting our Site, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual customer.
We gather information in the following ways:
Browsing Site:
We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our Site. We collect information from visitors to our Site regarding the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to the Site, the country, state, the pages of our Site that you viewed during your visit and any search terms entered on our Site.
Ordering:
When you order from us, we collect personally identifiable information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, product selections, order number, referring URL, IP address and a password. We collect this, and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will be automatically kept for future use.
Online Surveys and Polling:
In order to improve our services to you, we ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys, which may be collected by an independent third party. Individual survey answers are confidential, although Non-Personally Identifiable Information is collected and disclosed to third parties. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, simply decline to participate when asked.
Contests and Sweepstakes:
When you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for contact information such as your name, mailing address and e-mail address in order to administer the contest, to send you promotional e-mails, notify winners and make the winners’ list publicly available pursuant to certain states’ laws. Your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this information is a condition of your participation.
Newsletters & Promotional E-mails:
We may offer free electronic newsletters and promotional e-mails as a service to our potential customers and vendors. We may send you newsletters and e-mails periodically listing current specials and deals. We never send e-mails to you if you have requested us not to do so. This option is usually included in our registration form. There may be opportunities to subscribe to an e-mail list that will send you information about our Site events, but we will only add you to the list with your consent.
Cookies:
We use cookies in the operation of our Site; to find out what cookies are and how we use them, click here.
Contact Information and Third Party Data:
If you contact us by telephone, e-mail or letter, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with our Site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we ask for your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or purchases on our Site, we may keep the information in a file specific to you.
Customer Traffic Patterns:
We track customers’ traffic patterns throughout their online sessions, including which pages a customer views while using the Site. This information is ultimately stored in the form of Site categories, and, in some cases, specific URLs. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers and software and to administer our Site.
We may share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our Site and sales and other shopping information with third parties.
3. With whom do we share your information?
The information collected by our Site is used only for the limited purposes of processing orders, keeping you informed about your order status, for statistical purposes for improving our Site and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties to fill your order, deliver your order and deliver promotional e-mails to you from us. For example, we will need to release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered.
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. We may release account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, others and ourselves.
Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, at present we do not disclose our customers’ Personally Identifiable Information to other merchants. In the future, with your prior permission, we may provide some customer information to companies with products or services that may be of interest to you. This would be for marketing purposes only and no credit card number information would be given. Before agreeing to release your information, you should first confirm that our partner’s privacy policy is acceptable to you because once your data is released, we would have no further control over it.
From time to time, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
4. How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?
During the online ordering process you can review, change or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases.
5. What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information?
We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to our Site. You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters, by following the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail you receive from us or by sending an e-mail to opt-out email address specified in the promotional e-mail.
6. What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
We employ the industry-recognized information technology to protect the security of the information you submit to us. The importance of security for all Personally Identifiable Information associated with our customers and vendors is of utmost concern to us. Our secure servers protect the information using advanced encryption and firewall technology.
7. Use of "cookies"
Like many other commercial sites, our site may utilize a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our site is used. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to us. Cookies were designed to help a Web site recognize a user’s browser as a previous visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store a customer’s password, personalize home pages, identify which parts of a site have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a "shopping cart." Our cookies may collect your domain name and track your selections through our Site. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your e-mail address. The cookies make your use of the Site easier, make the Site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure Site. You will be unable to shop on our Site without your browser set to accept cookies. We only use cookies to gather the information indicated in this policy and do not use cookies to gather personal identifying information about you without your consent.
8. You should carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from our Site
9. Privacy Policy changes
This Privacy Policy was first issued on 1/1/2001 and last revised on 7/22/2004. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use our Site.