http://www.historicaerials.com/privacy
Forum
recent buzz... Added aerial photo coverage for all of Jim Wells County Texas a total area of 868 square...
Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
(Effective Date: January 20, 2017)
This privacy policy applies to historicaerials.com (“Website”), owned and operated by Nationwide Environmental Title Research, LLC. (“NETRonline”) Your privacy is very important to us. To better protect your privacy NETRonline provides this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. It also describes how you can access and update this information. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on the footer of every page.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the historicaerials.com website that may be of a personal nature. The types of personally identifiable information collected at these pages include: Name, Address, Email Address, and Phone Number.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself only to learn about your needs for solutions. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the setup of your account. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive and communicate with you about NETRonline products and services. Finally, we never use, share, sell or rent the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in this privacy policy without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Passwords
NETRonline encrypts and salts passwords at the time the password is created. Therefore, we store no user-readable passwords in the event of a database breach and are unable to restore a forgotten password. Password recovery is through a secure process that allows User to select a new password.
Cookies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by NETRonline and our marketing partners, affiliates, and analytics providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the website, tracking users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies for setting user preferences and storing user activity. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as purchasing imagery, will be limited. The use of cookies by our tracking utility company is covered by our privacy policy.
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we and the third party tracking services we use gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We do link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
Links to Other Sites
This Website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by NETRonline. Please be aware that we, NETRonline, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Public Forum
Our Web site offers a publicly accessible community forum. Registration is required to post a comment. While NETRonline will make diligent effort to audit posts of offensive nature, we will not be held liable for posted content.
Payment Information
The Website and associated database does not store any credit card or eCheck information. However, we pass the information from the User to the payment processor via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt and protect of your payment information. When a payment transaction is conducted, NETRonline stores the transaction with only the last four (4) digits of the credit card, required by our payment processor for potential refunds.
Social Media Feature and Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Legal Disclosure
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law such as company subpoena, or similar legal process and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Business Transitions
In the event NETRonline goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.
Our Commitment to Data Security
The security of your personally identifiable information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How You Can Access, Correct, Delete and Deactivate Your Information
You can access, delete and correct all your personally identifiable information that we collect on the Website, or by contacting us at privacy@historicaerials.com. You may also submit a written request to:
NETRonline
ATTN: Website Security
2055 E. Rio Salado Pkwy, Suite 201
Tempe, Arizona 85281
Please wait while we prepare your image
It appears that you have exhausted your credits for this month. That's ok, we'll spot you a few until your monthly subscription turns over. To get more credits before then, you might want to consider bumping your subscription to the next level. Otherwise, just wait until when you'll receive a new allotment for the month. If you still aren't satisfied, we would be happy to discuss your situation. Just call us during business hours at (xxx) xxx-xxxx.
Unfortunately you have spent your quota of credits for the month. To get more credits before then, you might want to consider bumping your subscription to the next level. Otherwise, just wait until when you'll receive a new allotment for the month. If you still aren't satisfied, we would be happy to discuss your situation. Just call us during business hours at (480) 967-6752.
As a subscriber you are allocated a set number of credits each month. By downloading imagery you will use one or more of your monthly credits.  Topo downloads are included with your subscription and will not be subtracted from your credit allocation.  To continue, simply click Ok, otherwise click Cancel.
Don't display this again
Note
×
Close
Viewer Guide
×
We admit it, websites can be confusing. Especially sites as unique as Historic Aerials. If you haven't worked any mapping websites, operation might not be obvious to you. To help you scale this short (we hope) learning curve, we have compiled this list of common tasks. We also encourage you to explore. Move the mouse around and try clicking on things. Don't worry, you won't break anything.
Note that this is an interactive guide. You can keep it on the screen while you try our suggestions. To move this guide to the side of the screen, just click and drag the heading of the popup window to wherever you want it.
Let's get started!
Navigation
Chances are, you aren't interested in the area we present to you by default. If you chose not to block your location, the default area will be your current location, or more specifically, the location of your Internet provider. Otherwise, you will be dropped off in Tempe, Arizona where our headquarters is located.
To move the map, drag it by clicking and holding down the left mouse button (or only mouse button if on a Mac.) With the mouse button pressed over the map, move the mouse and the map will pan. Go ahead and try it now.
That's all well and good you say, but the world is a big place. Panning to Fargo, North Dakota from Yuma, Arizona might take awhile. There's an easier way... see that text box in the upper left of the viewer with the text 'geo coordinates or street address'? Click on that text box and type Fargo, North Dakota, then click the 'go' button to the right, or press the [Enter] key. Your map should now display with a center location in Fargo, North Dakota.
The text search box works for street addresses, cities, and even landmarks. Try searching for Mount Rushmore.
Zoom
On the upper left side of the viewer content area are the zoom controls, indicated by the plus (+) and minus (-) sign. To zoom in, click on the plus, to zoom out, click on the minus.
Aerials
Maps are used for orientation, and we don't deviate from their utility. However, you likely came here to view some historic aerial imagery, not to view maps, right?
To view the aerial view of the current map location, you need to select an aerial year to display. Click on the aerials button in the top left of the viewer. You should see a list of years pop out to the right. These are the years of aerial coverage that we currently have for the area indicated by center point of the map. To select a year, just click on the year you want to see. The current year will now display under the aerials button and within a couple seconds, the imagery for that year will replace the map.
To select another year, click on the aerials button again and select a different year. Note that you can pan around, or zoom like we did with the map.
Topographic Maps
Ready for this? You already know how to view topographic maps. That's right, it works just like the aerial selection. Just click on the topos button and select the year you wish to view.
Atlases
Like the aerials and topos selectors, the atlases will let you view additional historical representations of the viewing area. We have geo-referenced digitized versions of historic maps and property boundary documents. This is also where you can select the map layer if you so desire. Note that our atlas selection is rather scarce as we are currently working on this arduous task.
Compare
You may have noticed that only one 'layer' (whether that be an aerial, topo, or atlas) can be displayed at one time. To provide you with the ability to compare two different years (or layers,) you can use one of the compare utilities. To activate, click on the compare button.
You'll see four icons:
turn compare off
view specific area in circle
compare two layers side by side
set transparency between layers
Try clicking on the slider. Click on the compare button followed by the side-by-side option. On the right side of the screen a selector will appear similar to the left side. When you are comparing two layers, think right and left side.
The map is the default layer for both sides. Go ahead and select an aerial year on the right side that is different from the left. The slider on top of the viewing area allows you to move the demarcation line between the two layers.
To turn the compare tool off, click on the compare button on the left, and click on the X icon. Poof! The right layer and associated selectors disappear.
Overlays
Unfortunately, photography from the sky doesn't come with labels. In other words, counties, cities and roads are rarely obvious. To help you identify these man-made labels, we provide overlays. You have the option to view major roads, all roads, counties, and cities. Just click on the overlay button and select which overlays you want to view. To turn overlays off, click on the X icon at the top of the compare tools.
Measure Distance
Often times distance isn't obvious when you're looking at some particular layer. The measure tool lets you measure real distance between points, and even calculate the area of a polygon.
Click on the measure button on the left. A flyout dialog appears on the lower left of the viewer. Click on the icon left of the option to Create a new measurement. Further instruction will prompt you to add points on the layer by clicking. When you are finished adding points, click the finish option. Another dialog will appear with your measurement. You can leave the object on the screen or remove it by clicking on the delete option on the result dialog.
Like the other buttons on the left, clicking the measure button will toggle the measurement dialog on or off.
Ordering Digital Imagery and Prints
Looking at historical photos is certainly interesting, but what if you want a snapshot of an area unencumbered by watermarks? You can purchase imagery in the form of digital images (jpeg, png, or GeoTiff). Or you can purchase a printout of a selected area.
See that text at the top of your viewer area that reads, 'purchase image and/or print'? An arrow to the left of that text points to yet another button. If you have selected a layer other than 'map' you can click that button to make a selection within the viewable space.
After you click that button with the square, you'll see the center area of the viewer remain lighter while the outside area becomes darker. This lighter area is the selected area you want to purchase. To change the size of the selected square, click and drag on one of the four corner handles indicated by a small white square.
After you have positioned the viewer and selected the area you want, click on the 'Purchase Selection button now displayed at the top of the viewer. If you are a registered user, your selection will be added to your shopping cart where you can select your purchase options.
Did you get a 'Guest Order' page? That's because you aren't logged in as a registered user. That's okay, we'll save your work and direct you to the registration page. Registration is easy, and free!
What's next?
Hopefully you're feeling like a pro by now, effortlessly navigating our historic aerial imagery from coast to coast. As you continue using Historic Aerials we hope that confidence grows. Our only advice is to try stuff. By now hopefully you've discovered that action buttons have hints by just hovering your mouse over it. You may also notice advantages of a mouse wheel in changing the zoom level. These, along with other tips will become apparent as you use our product. When in doubt, give it a click, and see what happens!
Close