https://www.thermofloc.com/en/privacy-policy/youtube
Please contact usWe're looking forward to your contact
0800 4177277Germany
+43 4245 6201International
I would like to be contacted by phone
I would like to be contacted by email
Send me information
I would like to make an appointment with a sales partner
I agree to receive emails from Peter Seppele Ges.m.b.H. about the products and news of Thermofloc according to the privacy policy. I understand that I can unsubscribe from this service at any time.
I have read the privacy policy.
Home
Privacy policy
Notice Privacy
We inform you that with this step you leave our homepage and refer in particular to point 3 of our privacy policy for social media, youtube, google maps.
Open youtube channel
Privacy policy for Social Media, YouTube, GoogleMaps
1. Use of social media plug-ins
(1) Our website currently uses the following social media plug-ins: Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Twitter, Xing, T3N, LinkedIn, Flattr. In this context we use a so-called “2 click solution“. This means that, when visiting our site, as a rule no personal data will be passed on to the providers of the plug-ins. You can identify the plug-in provider through its initials or the logo shown on the marking on the box. We offer you the possibility to communicate directly with the provider of the plug-in via this button. Only if you click on the marked field and thereby activate it, the plug-in provider receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our online offer. In addition, the data mentioned under §3 of this Policy will be transmitted. In the case of Facebook and Xing, the providers in Austria informed us that the IP-address will be anonymized immediately after data collection. This means that, by activating the plug-in, personal data from you will be transferred to the respective plug-in provider and stored there (for US providers in the USA). Since the plug-in providers mainly use cookies for data collection, we recommend you to delete all cookies via your browser's security settings before clicking on the grey box.
(2) We do not have any influence on the data collected and data processing operations, nor are we aware of the full extent of data collection, the purposes of their processing and the storage periods. We also do not have any information about the deletion of the data collected by the plug-in provider.
(3) The plug-in provider stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data analysis (also for users who are not logged in) is done to provide needs-oriented advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact the respective plug-in provider. With these plug-ins, you can interact with social networks and other users allowing us to improve our offering and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for using plug-ins is Art. 6 Para.1 clause 1 lit. f of the GDPR.
(4) Data are transferred regardless of whether you have an account with the plug-in provider and are logged into that account or not. If you are logged in with the plug-in provider, your data collected with us will be directly assigned to your existing account with the plug-in provider. If you click the activated button and, for example, link to that page, the plug-in provider will also store that information in your user account and share it publicly with your contacts. We recommend that you log out regularly after using a social network, especially before activating the button, as this way you can avoid being assigned to your profile with the plug-in provider.
(5) For more information on the purpose and extent of data collection and data processing by the plug-in provider, please refer to the privacy policies of these providers as notified below. They also offer further information about your rights concerning this matter and setting options available to protect your privacy.
(6) Addresses of the respective plug-in providers and URL for their data protection information:
Facebook lnc., 1601 S California Ave, Polo Alto, California 94304, USA; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php; more information on data collection: http://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084, http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on­other#applications and http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your­-info#everyoneinfo.Facebook has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy- Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US­Framework.
Google lnc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA;https://www.google.com/policies/privacy /partners/?hl=de. Google has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Twitter, lnc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; https://twitter.com/privacy. Twitter has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield,https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Xing AG, Gänsemarkt 43, 20354 Hamburg, DE;http://www.xing.com/privacy.
T3N, yeebase media GmbH, Kriegerstr. 40, 30161 Hannover, Deutschland; https://t3n.de/store/page/datenschutz.
Linkedln Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA; http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy­policy. Linkedln has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Flattr Network Ltd. mit Sitz in 2 nd Floor, White bear yard 114A, Clerkenwell Road, London, Middlesex, England, ECl R 5DF, Großbritannien; https://flattr.com/privacy.]
2. AddThis-Bookmarking
(1) Our websites in addition feature “AddThis”plug-ins. These plug-ins allow you to set bookmarks or share interesting website content. With these plug-ins, you can interact with social networks and other users allowing us to improve our offering and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for using plug-ins is Art. 6 Para.1 clause 1 lit. f of the GDPR.
(2) Your internet browser uses these plug-ins to establish a direct connection to the servers of AddThis and, where applicable, to the selected socialnetwork or bookmarking service. The receivers are informed that you have accessed the corresponding website of our online offering and receive the data listed under § 3 of this policy. This information is processed on the servers of AddThis in the USA. [We concluded standard data protection agreements with AddThis.]. When you send contents from our website to social networks or bookmarking services, a connection between your visit of our website and your user profile with the respective network can be established. We have no influence on the data collected and the processing of such data nor do we know about the full scope of data collection, the purpose of data processing or the storage periods. We also have no information about the deletion of the data collected by the plug-in provider.
(3) The plug-in provider stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data analysis (also for users who are not logged in) is done to provide needs-oriented advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact the respective plug-in provider.
(4) If you don’t want to participate in this process, you can object to data collection and storage any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out cookie: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out. Alternatively, you can set your browser in such a way that it prevents the setting of cookies.
(5) More information about the purpose and scope of the collection and processing of data by the plug-in provider as well as further information about your rights in this respect and the setting options available to protect your privacy can be obtained from: AddThis LLC, 1595 Spring Hill Road, Sweet 300, Vienna, VA 22182, USA, www.addthis.com/privacy.
3. Integration of YouTube videos
(1) We integrated YouTube videos into our online offering. These videos are saved under http://www.YouTube.com and can be started directly from our website. [They are all integrated into our “extended data protection mode”, i.e. no data referring to you as a user is transferred to YouTube if you don’t open these videos. Only when you open the videos, the data specified under Paragraph 2 will be transferred. We have no influence on this data transfer.]
(2) By visiting the website, YouTube is informed that you have accessed the corresponding sub-page of our website. In addition, the data listed under §3 of this Policy is transmitted. This is done irrespective whether YouTube provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no such user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be directly assigned to your account. If you don’t want this assignment to your profile with YouTube, you have to log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data analysis (also for users who are not logged in) is done to provide needs-oriented advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact YouTube.
(3) More information about the purpose and scope of the collection and processing of data by YouTube is provided in their privacy policy. This is also where you can find further information about your rights and the setting options available to protect your privacy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the United States and has undertaken to comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield,https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
4. Integration of Google Maps
(1) On this website we use the services offered by Google Maps. That way, we can show you interactive maps directly on our website and give you the possibility of conveniently using the map functionality.
(2) By visiting the website, Google is informed that you have accessed the corresponding sub-page of our website. In addition, the data listed under §3 of this Policy is transmitted. This is done irrespective of whether Google provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no such user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be directly assigned to your account. If you don’t want this assignment to your profile with Google, you have to log out before activating the button.
Google stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data (also for users who are not logged in) is analyzed to provide individualized advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact Google.
(3) More information about the purpose and scope of the collection and processing of data by the plug-in provider is available in the provider’s privacy policy. This is also where you can find further information about your rights and the setting options available to protect your privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the US and has undertaken to comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
back