http://www.sentrypro.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Home
ProductsCollision Sentry Corner ProInstallationPhoto & VideosColumn Sentry FITInstallationPhotos and videosColumn SentryInstallationPhotos & VideosRack Sentry CONTOURInstallationPhotos & VideoRack SentryInstallationPhoto & VideosCorner SentryInstallationPhotos & VideosConcrete WrapInstallationPhotos & VideosPark SentryInstallation Round Photos & VideosWall System Photos & VideosSquare Photos & VideosGuard PostInstallationPhotos & VideosHow to BuyOnline ResellersAbout SentryAbout UsPrivacy PolicyCustomer SupportProduct Support DocumentsInstallationVideo & Photo GalleriesContact Us
Products
Collision Sentry Corner Pro Installation Photo & Videos
Column Sentry FIT Installation Photos and videos
Column Sentry Installation Photos & Videos
Rack Sentry CONTOUR Installation Photos & Video
Rack Sentry Installation Photo & Videos
Corner Sentry Installation Photos & Videos
Concrete Wrap Installation Photos & Videos
Park Sentry Installation
Round Photos & Videos Wall System Photos & Videos Square Photos & Videos
Guard Post Installation Photos & Videos How to Buy
Online Resellers About Sentry
About Us
Privacy Policy Customer Support
Product Support Documents
Installation
Video & Photo Galleries Contact Us
Privacy Policy
By accessing or using this Website and by sharing your information with us in any other manner, you agree to the Privacy Policy as outlined below. This Privacy Policy explains when, why, and how Sentry Protection LLC d/b/a Sentry Protection Products (“Sentry,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses, and stores personal information about persons who share their personal information with us and who visit our websites, including sentrypro.com, sentryprostore.com, parksentry.com, and any other site we may create and maintain (collectively, the “Website”). If you do not consent to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, please follow the instructions below in “Changing Your Privacy Preferences” and do not access or use this Website thereafter.
What Information We Collect from You and How We Use It
In General. We receive and store any information you provide to us through the Website, through interactions with our sales team, through registration at trade shows in which we participate, or given to us in any other way. This includes information that can identify you (“personal information”), such as your first and last name, telephone number, credit card and other payment-related information, and IP, postal, and email addresses. We use this personal information to provide you with the products and services you request, to process payment for your purchases, to communicate with you (through our chat feature and by email to provide product updates, newsletters, and product and pricing updates), to respond to your questions and comments, to provide advertisements on the Website or elsewhere online that match your interests, to measure interest and improve our products, services, and the Website, and to otherwise customize your experience with us and our Website. Some of the information may be necessary to support your participation in the activities you select. It is completely optional for you as to whether you engage in these activities. Depending upon the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is mandatory for you to continue with that activity and some is voluntary. If you decline to provide information to us, or if you provide erroneous or incomplete information, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the Website or for us to respond to your inquiries.
Automatic Information. We automatically collect some information about your computer and your online activity when you visit the Website through the use of Cookies and Google Analytics. “Cookies” are small data text files transferred to your computer, if your web browser permits, but that cannot identify you personally. Cookies are used to help improve your browsing experience by recognizing your browser as a previous visitor and saving any preference that may have been set while visiting the Website and by helping us customize the content and advertisements provided to you on this Website and on other websites across the Internet. If you choose not to accept cookies you may not be able to utilize these features. Through these programs we may collect your IP address, approximate location, and anonymous traffic data, such as what device and what web browser software you use to access the Website (i.e., Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer). Forms you submit, including purchases you make, may also automatically log this information, as well as the date and time the form is submitted. We use this information, and may share this information with our vendors, for the purpose of providing an overview of how people are accessing and using the Website to improve our service and user experience. It is not used for any additional purpose.
With Whom We Share Your Information
We will not rent or sell your information to others, but the collection, transfer, storage and processing of your information may be undertaken by our vendors for purposes of completing certain tasks and providing services and products to you on our behalf, including but not limited to communicating with you (for example, through our chat and email communications features), providing advertisements on the Website and elsewhere online that match your interests, storing your information in a Customer Relations Management database, and processing payments for your purchases. When we do use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information necessary to deliver the service, and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not use it for their own purposes. We may also share your information to the extent it is required by law.
Third-Party Sites and External Links
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites that may be accessed via links included on this Website and Sentry is not responsible for those websites. You should examine the privacy statements posted on those third-party websites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
Changing Your Privacy Preferences
You can contact us at any time at info@sentrypro.com to change your privacy preferences. You have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal information that we maintain. To comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. Please note that we will acknowledge and follow any changes to your privacy preferences as of the date of the last modification to this policy but may not be able to implement such changes with respect to information that we already used or transmitted in the past in reliance on the terms of this Policy.
Visiting our Website from Outside the United States
Sentry processes personal data both as a Processor and as a Controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation EU 2016/679). When you submit personal information to us through this Website, through engagement with our sales team, or otherwise, you understand and agree that this information may be transferred across state or national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries and locations in which Sentry and our vendors maintain web servers or offices, including, without limitation, the United States. By using our Website and providing us with your information you are consenting to such transfers. If you are visiting our Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside of your country of residence, depending on the type of information. These countries (including the United States) may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however, our collection, storage, and use of your information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
How we Protect your Information
Sentry recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use and protection of your information, and has implemented appropriate physical, technical, and managerial safeguards to protect your information, but no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will only retain personal information collected from you for a limited period of time and only as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. Your use of this Website will be subject to the most current version at the time of such use. All changes are effective as soon as they are posted. Your continued use of the Website following updates to the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by the updated Privacy Policy.
Always on guard
Copyright © 2020 Sentry Protection Products