http://www.gtbcases.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=page.termsofservice&CFID=119575616&CFTOKEN=8e70250f8310ae3-2A0B75C7-163E-C407-910B47D3ACC4CBC6
Toggle navigation
GTB Cases Corp.
Protective Cases
Protective Cases
Shell-Case, Ltd.
Fieldtex Products
Fieldtex Products
Fieldtex Medical
Fieldtex Military
Fieldtex Instruments
FieldTex Custom Sewn Products
Pelican Cases
Pelican Cases
Pelican Storm Cases
Pelican Laptop Cases
Micro Pelican Cases
Small Pelican Cases
Medium Pelican Cases
Large Pelican Cases
Pelican-Hardigg Rackmount Cases
Pelican Air Cases
Pelican-Hardigg V-Series Rack Mount Cases
Pelican-Hardigg V-Series Rack Mount Cases
Classic-V Sizes
Super-V Sizes
ZERO Cases
ZERO Cases
ZERO Centurion Cases
ZERO Centurion MIL-Spec Cases
ZERO Deep Drawn Cans
ZERO Modular and Reusable Containers
VAL-AN 900 Series Rackmount Front Opening Cases
ZERO Val-An Transit Cases
ZERO Valuline Instrument Cases
Zero ZeRoller Cases
Hardigg Cases
Hardigg Cases
Mobile Armory
Mobile IT
Mobile Master
Mobile Medical
Mobile Office
Ruggedized Roto Mold Cases
Custom Protective Cases
Custom Protective Cases
Military & Government
Elite Coolers
Custom Engineering
Custom Engineering
New Product Engineering Services
QA / QC Inspection & Reverse Engineering
Advanced Engineering Analysis
Lean Manufacturing Implementation
Machine Design
3D Rapid Prototyping
Metal Fabrication
Metal Fabrication
Design & Engineering
Forming, Rolling & Bending
Laser Cutting
Metal Welding
Powder Coating & Liquid Painting
Precision Metal
Sawing Machining
Shearing Services
Sheet Metal Punching
Specialty Jobs
Turnkey Assembly
Professional Grade Lighting
Professional Grade Lighting
Headsup Lites
IR and NVG Lights
LED Series
Nemo & Trade - Dive Series
Recoil LED & Trade Series
Tactical Lights
Home
GTB Cases, Inc.'s Terms of Use / Service Agreement
Terms of Service & Use Agreement
Read This Terms of Service & Use Agreement Before Accessing Website.
Effective Date: These Terms of Service & Use Agreement was last updated on 09/13/2008.
This Terms of Use & Service Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the GTBCases.com Online Service. By using the GTBCases.com website you (the “Member”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at GTBCases.com website. Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
Description of Service
GTBCases.com is providing Member with the ability to purchase products and account creation services. Member must provide (1) all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Member’s access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees relate with such connection.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The site is provided by GTBCases.com on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, GTBCases.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. GTBCases.com shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website. GTBCases.com disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
Limitation of Liability
GTBCases.com SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, AND IN PARTICULAR GTBCases.com SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS WEB SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN IT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARISE IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, UNDER STATUTE, IN EQUITY, AT LAW, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF GTBCases.com HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.
Indemnification
Member agrees to indemnify and hold GTBCases.com, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
Modifications and Interruption to Service
GTBCases.com reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Member. GTBCases.com shall not be liable to Member or any third party should GTBCases.com exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that GTBCases.com does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
Third-Party Sites
Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information
Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources. While GTBCases.com makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
GTBCases.com makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.
Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts of Massachusetts
Our website is operated and provided in the State of Massachusetts. As such, we are subject to the laws of the State Massachusetts, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules. We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations. Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State of Massachusetts.
Compliance with Laws.
Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws. Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2008 GTBCases.com.com, with all rights reserved, or is the property of GTBCases.com and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights. Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of GTBCases.com is strictly prohibited. Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of GTBCases.com.
GTB Cases™ and GTBCases.com™ are proprietary marks of GTB Cases, Inc. GTB Cases, Inc’s trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by GTBCases.com, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits GTB Cases, Inc.
All other trademarks displayed on GTBCases.com’s website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors. In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with GTBCases.com.
Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, GTBCases.com.com designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
By Mail at:
P.O. Box 660
1240 Park St.
Palmer, MA 01069
OR
by Telephone at (800) 889-6951
Botnets
GTBCases.com retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities. If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, GTBCases.com reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.
Other Terms
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent. You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by GTBCases.com, in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition. This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Member. Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement.
Sitemap
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Shipping & Return Policy
Special Offers!