http://www.adldata.org/terms-of-use/
Home
Applications
Back
EHR/EMR
Back
Dashboards & Alerts
Accident/Incidents
Care Planning
CNA Charting
Immunization
MDS
Back
MDS 3.0
MDS Analyzers
Medical Records
Order Entry
Back
Touch eMAR
Order Entry
Progress Notes
Rehabilitation
Therapeutic Interchanges
Therapeutic Recreation
Vital Signs
Assessments
Accounting
Back
Accounts Payable
Accounts Receivable
Electronic Banking
General Ledger
ADT/Admissions
Back
Admissions eForms PDF
Census & Registration
Eligibility & Claims Inquiries
Master Patient Index
Pre-Admit/Waitlist
Claim Submissions
Electronic Bed Board
PDF / WebForms
Executive Information
Back
Dashboards
Financials
Budgeting & Planning
Trust Funds
Productivity Apps
Back
Instant Chat
Pharmacy Charge Auditor
Resident Scheduler
HL7 & Interoperability
Back
Dietary Systems
Document Server
HL7 Gateways
Vendor Interfaces
Report Writer
Resources
Back
ADL Specifications
Reference Material
Back
LTC PDF Forms
MDS Reference Sheets
Merck Manual
Quick Reference Sheets
Security
Hardware Supported
Useful Links
Back
Claim Clearinghouses
Freeware Apps
Technical Resources
About ADL
Back
Provided Services
Back
Project Management
Custom Programming
Professional Services
Managed Services
Training
Hotline Support
HIPAA Compliance
EMR Certifications
Our Partners
NewsBlog
Clients Only
Back
ADL Apps Documentation
ADL Technical Documents
ADL Webinar Presentations
Client Web Library
Release Documentation
Contact
Back
Contact Us
Request Demo
ADL Data Systems > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Ownership of Site
Agreement to Terms of Use
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the ADL Data web site located at www.adldata.com, and all associated sites linked to www.adldata.org by ADL Data. The Site is the property of ADL Data Systems, Inc. (“ADL Data”) and its licensors.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE THE SITE.
ADL Data reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, ADL Data grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
Content
All text, user interfaces, visual interfaces, trademarks, logos, and computer code (collectively, “Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Content, contained on the Site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to ADL Data, and is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Site and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without ADL Data’s express prior written consent.
You may use information on ADL Data products and services (such as data sheets, knowledge base articles, and similar materials) purposely made available by ADL Data for downloading from the Site, provided that you (1) not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
Your Use of the Site
You may not use any “deep-link”, “page-scrape”, “robot”, “spider” or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the Site or any Content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or any Content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means not purposely made available through the Site. ADL Data reserves the right to bar any such activity.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Site, or any other systems or networks connected to the Site or to any ADL Data server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means.
You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Site or any network connected to the Site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of ADL Data, including any ADL Data account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the Site.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Site or ADL Data’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Site or to ADL Data.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any transaction being conducted on the Site, or with any other person’s use of the Site.
You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to ADL Data on or through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.
You may not use the Site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of ADL Data or others.
ADL Data’s obligations, if any, with regard to its products and services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and nothing on this Site should be construed to alter such agreements.
ADL Data may make changes to any products or services offered on the Site, or to the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without notice. The materials on the Site with respect to products and services may be out of date, and ADL Data makes no commitment to update the materials on the Site with respect to such products and services.
Accounts, Passwords and Security
Certain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to open an account (including setting up an ADL Data ID and password). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account. You agree to notify ADL Data immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security
You may not use anyone else’s ADL Data ID, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that ADL Data ID, password or account. ADL Data cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
Privacy
ADL Data’s Privacy Policy applies to use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. To view ADL Data’s Privacy Policy, click here. Additionally, by using the Site, you acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. You understand that any message or information you send to the Site may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted.
Links to Other Sites and to the ADL Data Site
This Site may contain links to other independent third-party Web sites (“Linked Sites”). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Sites are not under ADL Data’s control, and ADL Data is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.
Disclaimers
ADL Data DOES NOT PROMISE THAT THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT, SERVICE OR FEATURE OF THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE WILL PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS. THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. ADL Data CANNOT ENSURE THAT ANY FILES OR OTHER DATA YOU DOWNLOAD FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. ADL Data DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ADL Data DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY ADL Data SERVICES. YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND ANY LINKED SITES. YOUR SOLE REMEDY AGAINST ADL Data FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT IS TO STOP USING THE SITE OR ANY SUCH CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION OF RELIEF IS A PART OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.
ADL Data reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Site, or any portion of the Site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change the Site, or any portion of the Site, and any applicable policies or terms; and (3) to interrupt the operation of the Site, or any portion of the Site, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
Limitation of Liability
Except where prohibited by law, in no event will ADL Data be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if ADL Data has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold ADL Data, its officers, directors, shareholders, predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses (including attorneys’ fees), made against ADL Data by any third party due to or arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site.
Violation of These Terms of Use
ADL Data may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) ADL Data’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site, including ADL Data’s customers. ADL Data reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that ADL Data deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. ADL Data also may disclose your information when ADL Data determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that ADL Data may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with ADL Data through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or ADL Data determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of ADL Data, its employees, users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that ADL Data may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to ADL Data, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to ADL Data obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that ADL Data deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies ADL Data may have at law or in equity.
You agree that ADL Data may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
If ADL Data does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, ADL Data will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to ADL Data. You agree that ADL Data will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
Governing Law; Dispute Resolution
You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Site, including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of the United States and by the laws of the State of New York without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state and federal courts in Westchester County, New York, and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue. Any claim under these Terms of Use must be brought within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action is barred. No recovery may be sought or received for damages other than out-of-pocket expenses, except that the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. In the event of any controversy or dispute between ADL Data and you arising out of or in connection with your use of the Site, the parties shall attempt, promptly and in good faith, to resolve any such dispute. If we are unable to resolve any such dispute within a reasonable time (not to exceed thirty (30) days), then either party may submit such controversy or dispute to mediation. If the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the parties shall be free to pursue any right or remedy available to them under applicable law.
Void Where Prohibited
ADL Data administers and operates the www.adldata.org Site from its location in Elmsford, New York, USA. Although the Site is accessible worldwide, not all features, products or services discussed, referenced, provided or offered through or on the Site are available to all persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use outside the United States. ADL Data reserves the right to limit, in its sole discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product or service to any person or geographic area. If you choose to access the Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.
Miscellaneous
You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any product or service offered on the Site, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation United States export laws and regulations.
If any of the provisions of these Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these Terms of Use, so that these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and ADL Data with regard to your use of the Site, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and ADL Data with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. ADL Data will not accept any counter-offers to these Terms of Use, and all such offers are hereby categorically rejected. ADL Data’s failure to insist on or enforce strict performance of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver by ADL Data of any provision or any right it has to enforce these Terms of Use, nor shall any course of conduct between ADL Data and you or any other party be deemed to modify any provision of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use shall not be interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third parties.
Trademarks
Use of ADL Data trademarks may be prohibited, unless expressly authorized.
Copyright Information
A copyright is a property right in an original work of authorship. Copyright is recognized in most countries of the world by statutory copyright laws.
Copyright exists in the expression of an idea, but not the idea itself. Copyrightable expressions can take many forms but are usually categorized as literary, musical, dramatic, pantomime and choreography, pictorial, graphic, sculptural, computer programs, motion pictures, and sound recordings.
To obtain permission to use ADL Data copyrighted materials, or to report claims of copyright infringement please contact David Pollack This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Software Asset Management
It is important to manage software well, just as you would any other valuable company asset, in order to avoid serious problems. ADL Data aggressively enforces our company’s proprietary rights under the U.S. copyright laws, but we know that poor software asset management often keeps people from complying with the law.
For more information and tools to help your business by practicing sound software asset management practices, please refer to the BSA Web site for further guidance and information.
PRODUCT FEEDBACK
ADL Data welcomes your feedback regarding many areas of our existing business. If you want to send us your feedback, and we hope you do, we simply request that you send it to us via email (see our Contact Page for the relevant email addresses). Please provide only specific feedback on ADL Data’s existing products or marketing strategies; do not include any ideas that ADL Data’s policy will not permit it to accept or consider. It’s just one more way that ADL Data can learn how to best satisfy your needs.Software and Documentation Information
Documentation
Any person is hereby authorized to: a) store documentation on a single computer for personal use only and b) print copies of documentation for personal use provided that the documentation contains ADL Data’s copyright notice.
Third Party Companies and Products
Mention of third-party products, companies and web sites on the ADL Data web site is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. ADL Data assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance or use of these products or vendors. ADL Data provides this only as a convenience to our users. ADL Data has not tested any software found on these sites and makes no representations regarding the quality, safety, or suitability of any software found there. There are dangers inherent in the use of any software found on the Internet, and ADL Data assumes no responsibility with regard to the performance or use of these products. Make sure that you completely understand the risks before retrieving any software on the Internet. All third party products must be ordered directly from the vendor, and all licenses and warranties, if any, take place between you and the vendor.
Links to Other Web Sites
ADL Data makes no representation whatsoever regarding the content of any other web sites which you may access from the ADL Data web site. When you access a non-ADL Data web site, please understand that it is independent from ADL Data and that ADL Data has no control over the content on that web site. A link to a non-ADL Data web site does not mean that ADL Data endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such web site.
Feedback and Information
Any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential. ADL Data shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis.
Warranties and Disclaimers
ADL Data Computer, Inc. intends for the information and data contained in the ADL Data web site to be accurate and reliable, however, since the information and data have been compiled by ADL Data from a variety of sources, it is provided “as is.” ADL DATA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER RELATING TO OR REFERENCED BY THE ADL Data WEB SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY OR SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON INFRINGEMENT.
Legal Contacts
Copyright
If you have any questions concerning the usage or licensing of ADL Data copyrighted materials, contact David Pollack This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
The information contained in this web site is subject to change without notice.
Copyright © 1997-2020 ADL Data Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
ADL Data, Inc., 565 Taxter Road, Elmsford, NY 10523, USA.
Start Improving Patient Care Today
Request Information
Search Here
© Copyright 2000-2020 ADL Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved.