https://www.oxfordhomesinc.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to contentYou Are HereTerms and Conditions Last updated: November 7, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.oxfordhomesinc.com website (the “Service”) operated by Oxford Housing Inc (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.Intellectual Property The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Oxford Housing Inc and its licensors.Links To Other Web Sites Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Oxford Housing Inc.
Oxford Housing Inc has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Oxford Housing Inc shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.Termination We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.Disclaimer Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.Governing Law These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.Changes We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 15 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.Contact Us If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.Recent PostsOutdoor Lighting & Direct Pendant Lighting Ideas for Your HomeNovember 1, 2020Getting the right light fixtures and bulbs for each room of your home can be a challenge, but if you plan it out correctly, they can help you enjoy the …Read More »Expert’s Quick Guide To Buying Your Perfect Runescape Gold JewelryOctober 7, 2020The world has been in love with gold ever since it was discovered. It is called a precious metal because it has a high economic value and is relatively scarce …Read More »Get a Tennis court resurfacing For Your HomeJuly 7, 2020Visualize this; a class with a racket for everyone, more than enough tennis balls,Tennis court resurfacing a rolled up blue mat that stands about 3 ½ feet tall, Colored tape, …Read More »Top 3 reasons to keep your roof cleanMay 26, 2020Cleaning your roof may seem like a waste of time, but it certainly is beneficial. Most people, when it comes to cleaning their properties, exterior surfaces, will attend to the …Read More »The Best Oil Water Separator DesignDecember 26, 2019The Best Oil Water Separator Design The Best Oil Water Separator Design From your authentic oil normal water separator layout initially mounted from the API (American citizen Oil Institute) in …Read More »
Terms and Conditions - Privacy Policy