http://www.merciancycles.com/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Mercian Cycles we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of all our customers and visitors to our website.
We want you to know that we are not in the business of selling, renting or trading any of our data with other businesses for marketing purposes.
To reassure you that the information you share with us is in safe hands, we’ve updated our data privacy policy as follows.
The data protection declaration should be clear and understandable for all customers and suppliers. The data protection implemented by Mercian Cycles is in compliance with the European Legislation and the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation. We have implemented both technical and organisational measures to ensure that personal data is protected.
Type of data we collect:
Website cookies and how we use them –
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer’s hard drive which helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can then tailor it’s operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used and which aren’t. This helps us improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis and then we remove the data from the system. Cookies help us provide a better website, by helping us to monitor the pages you like and dislike. A cookie does not give us access to your computer or information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer, but this may prevent you from getting the full functionality and experience from the website.
Google Analytics –
When someone visits Mercian Cycles website, we sometimes use a third party service – Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information and details of website visitors pattern of behaviour. Again it is to help us find out how many people are visiting our site and which parts of the website are the most visited/not. The way this information is processed does not identify anyone. It is simply numbers and traffic analysis to keep our website fresh and interest to everyone. We do not ask or allow Google to make any attempt to find out the identities of people visiting our website.
Mailing lists –
As part of the process of registering to receive our newsletter and e-newsletters, we collect personal information. We use that information to a) tell you about things you’ve asked us to tell you about and b) to contact you if we need any further information from you. We want to be able to check our records are right and to check every now and again that Mercian Cycles are still getting it right. We definitely do not sell, rent or exchange any of our email lists with other organisations.
We use a third party provider to delivery our newsletters and other emails. We gather information from this provider around email open rates and clicks. We do this to make the email campaigns better, as good as they can be and to make sure we are keeping you fully up to date.
If you need to know more, have a look here https://kb.mailchimp.com/accounts/management/about-the-general-data-protection-regulation
You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or emailing us at info@merciancycles.com
Trade customer information –
If you are a trade customer with Mercian Cycles, we use a central data system for all order processing,
Links to other websites
Our website may have links to other websites that help or may be of interest. However, once you use these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of information that you provide whilst visiting such site and these sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should check the privacy statement applicable to the website in question and we advise you to exercise caution.
Period for which personal date will be stored
Mercian Cycles will process and store personal data for the time necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage. If the storage period expires, the personal data will be routinely deleted.
Access to your personal information
You are entitled to view, amend or delete this personal information we hold. Please do this by emailing us at info@merciancycles.com
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look out for the box that you can click to indicate you wish to OPT IN.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change you mind at any time by writing or emailing us at info@merciancycles.com
We will not sell, lease or distribute your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may be interested in, if you tell us that you would like this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incomplete or incorrect in any way, please write or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information as requested.
We value your data security and will be reviewing our privacy policy periodically to ensure compliance with GDPR legislation.
May 2018.
Search for: