http://www.actuaries.asn.au/utils/terms-of-use
Podcasts
Calendar
Twitter
Linked In
Facebook
YouTube
Actuaries Institute
Daily News
CPD Dashboard
Actuaries Digital
Login
Login
Member ID
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your Password?
Toggle navigation
Actuaries
Actuaries Digital
YouTube
Facebook
Linked In
Twitter
Podcasts
Login
Login
Member ID
Password
Remember Me
Forgot your Password?
Home
Calendar
Becoming an Actuary
Why become an Actuary?
What does an Actuary do?
Actuaries Explain What They Do
How to Become an Actuary
University Courses
Why Become a Member?
Becoming a Member
Becoming a Fellow
Becoming an Associate
Becoming an Accredited Member
Becoming a Student Member
Becoming an Affiliate Member
Becoming a University Subscriber
Career Information
Employers of Actuaries
Career Opportunities
Recruitment Advertising
High School Program - More than maths
Actuarial Sprint - an app for actuarial students
Support
Becoming an ActuaryActuaries have the skills to find pure, honest insights hidden in business data. Insights that enables business decision-making, which can change businesses, industries and even countries.
Learn more about what actuaries do, where they work and how you can go about becoming one.
Meet some of our members
Everyday actuaries take on important challenges. Recently we gave some actuaries another challenge – explaining what they do.
Education Program
Exam FAQs
Exam Updates
Foundation Program
Subjects and Syllabus
Enrolments and Exams
Key Dates
Exemptions
Transition Arrangements
Actuary Program
Subjects and Syllabus
Enrolments and Exams
Key Dates
Exemptions
Transition Arrangements
Past Papers and BOE Reports
Fellowship Program
Subjects and Syllabus
Part III Module 1
Part III Module 2
Part III Module 3
Part III Module 4
Data Analytics Applications Subject
Enrolments and Exams
Key Dates
Transition Arrangements
Phased Introduction of New Fellowship Program Subjects
Past Papers and BoE
Mutual Recognition Agreement
Practical Experience Requirement
Certificate Presentations
Becoming a CERA
Fees
Forms
Education ProgramThe Actuaries Institute is committed to promoting and maintaining a high standard of actuarial practice and educating the next generation of actuaries by providing or arranging effective, valued and inclusive education.
CPD & KNOWLEDGE
CPD Knowledge Hub
Actuaries Digital (formerly Actuaries Magazine)
Advertising
Contribute
CPD Dashboard (Members Only)
Mentoring Program
CPD eLearning Courses
Professionalism eLearning Course
Private Health Insurance eLearning Course
Practice Risk Management eLearning Course
Tools and templates
CPD compliance
Past Events
2020
Insights and Other Events
Virtual Insights – Inside Asia – Impact of Low or Negative Interest Rates on Asian Insurers
Virtual Insights – Future State Perspectives – The four faces of group insurance
Virtual Insights – The Design and Distribution Obligations and Insurance
Virtual Insights – COVID-19 Update from the Superannuation Practice Committee
Virtual Insights - COVID 19 - Capital Management
20/20 All-Actuaries Virtual Summit
2019
Insights and Other Events
Insights - Review of Code of Conduct
Insights - New Professional Standards – Role of Appointed Actuary
Young Actuaries Conference 2019
2018
Insights and Other events
Insights – Discussion on PS300
Insights - Proposed Changes to the Institute's Disciplinary Scheme
Insights - A Vote for Associates on Council
CAT Risk Seminar
Joint Regional Seminar
Financial Services Forum
Young Actuaries Conference
Future of Health Seminar
Data Analytics Seminar
2017
Insights and Other events
2016
Insights and Other Events
2015
Insights and Other Events
2014
Insights and Other Events
Insights and Other Events - Video Gallery
2013
Insights and Other Events
Insights and Other Events - Video Gallery
2012
Insights and Other Events
2011
Flood Resilience Seminar
Insurance Capital Review Seminar
National Disaster Insurance Review
APRA Insurance Capital Review Seminar
2010
APRA Insurance Capital Review Seminar
Enterprise Risk Management Seminar
Financial Services Forum
Super Policy Forum
2009
Accident Compensation Seminar
Biennial Convention
Enterprise Risk Management Seminar
General Insurance Seminar
Super Policy Forum (February)
Super Policy Forum (November)
2008
Financial Services Forum
General Insurance Seminar
Low Carbon Economy Seminar
Research Conference
Super Policy Forum
2007
General Insurance Pricing Seminar
Accident Compensation Seminar
Biennial Convention
2006
Financial Services Forum
Reserving for General Insurance Seminar
The New Super Landscape
2005
Biennial Convention
General Insurance Seminar
2004
Accident Compensation Seminar
Financial Services Forum
General Insurance Seminar
2003
Biennial Convention
General Insurance Seminar
CPD Audit Results
Exemption from CPD
Compliance with CPD requirements of more than one association
CPD Review (Members only)
CPD Committee Objectives
CPD Committee Materials
CPD Committee - Other material
Feedback
FAQs
Pandemic Resource Centre
CPD events and courses
Actuaries Magazine Archive
CPD Knowledge HubThe Actuaries Institute is committed to the development of actuarial science through research and the expansion of the profession into new areas of endeavour. Access articles and papers of interest to practitioners, including intellectual property from past events.
Personalised CPD Dashboard
Access CPD and track your progress on the personalised member dashboard here.
Events
Calendar
2023 International Congress of Actuaries
Major Events
Young Actuaries Conference 2020
2021 All-Actuaries Virtual Summit
Injury and Disability Schemes Seminar 2021
CANCELLED - 20/20 All-Actuaries Summit
Past Events
Sponsorship
EventsThe Actuaries Institute works to support the professional aspirations of our members by providing events and seminars that promote and advance knowledge in specialist areas of actuarial science and provide the opportunity for the development of strong professional networks.
Calendar Please view the Institute's calendar for all upcoming events.
Professional Development & Regulation
Professional Standards and Guidance
Professionalism
Archive
Code Archive
Code Guidance Archive
CPD Archive
Multi-practice (cross practice)
Standards
Guidance
Info/Disc Notes
Archive
Multi-practice Standards Archive
Multi-practice Guidance Archive
Multi-practice Information and Discussion Notes Archive
Data Analytics
Finance and Investment
Archive
Finance and Investment Guidance Archive
General Insurance
Standards
Info/Disc Notes
Archive
General Insurance Standards Archive
General Insurance Guidance Archive
General Insurance Information and Discussion Notes Archive
Health Insurance
Guidance
Archive
Health Insurance Standards Archive
Health Insurance Guidance Archive
Health Insurance Info/Disc Notes Archive
Life Insurance and Wealth Management
Archive
Life Insurance and Wealth Management Standards Archive
Life Insurance and Wealth Management Guidance Archive
Life Insurance and Wealth Management Information and Discussion Notes Archive
Other Life Insurance and Wealth Management Archive
Risk Management
Guidance Archive
Info/Disc Notes Archive
Superannuation and Employee Benefits
Standards
Guidance
Info/Disc Notes
Archive
Superannuation and Employee Benefits Standards Archive
Superannuation and Employee Benefits Guidance Archive
Superannuation and Employee Benefits Information and Discussion Notes Archive
Other Superannuation and Employee Benefits Archive
Policies
CPD Compliance
Exemption from CPD
Compliance with CPD requirements of more than one association
Members' Sounding Board
Code of Conduct
Completely Revised Draft Code of Conduct
Updated Code of Conduct Guidance
Code of Conduct Archive
Code Guidance Archive
CPD Archive
Disciplinary Scheme
Making a Complaint
Inquiry about the Disciplinary Scheme
Waiver
Privacy Notice
Disciplinary Scheme Rules
Disciplinary Scheme Review
Disciplinary Scheme Notices
Professional Indemnity Insurance
Member Benefit for Self-Employed and Semi-Retired Actuaries
Actuarial Practice
Consulting Actuarial Firms
Appointed Actuaries
Conflicts of Interest
Expert Witness
Mentoring Program
IFRS 17 and AASB 17
Amendments by IASB March - May 2019
Actuarial Capabilities Framework
Assessment Tool and Report
Capability Assessment Tool
Capability Development Planner
Pandemic Resource Centre
Professional Development & RegulationThe Actuaries Institute is committed to supporting and protecting the actuarial profession and its members through continuing professional development, research and the development of Professional Standards and Practice Guidelines.
Capability Framework
The Actuarial Capability Framework outlines the core skills an actuary needs to do their job. Find out how you measure up with the Capability Assessment Tool.
Practice Area
Banking
Data Analytics
Risk Management
General Insurance
Health
Life Insurance and Wealth Management
Individual Disability Income Insurance in Australia
Disability Insurance Taskforce Members
Superannuation
Practice Update Podcasts
2019 - 2020 Practice Update Podcasts
Practice Update Videos
2018 - 2019 Practice Update Videos
2017 Practice Update Videos
2016 Practice Update Videos
Professional Skills Videos
Practice AreaActuaries are working in a growing number of industries. Major areas of demand and interest include life insurance, general insurance, superannuation, investment, health, risk management and financial services.
Each of these areas is supported by a council committee which facilitates and drives thinking, discussion and activity within its own particular field of expertise.
Actuaries Managing Risk
Developed as part of the RMPC’s strategy to improve communication, Actuaries Managing Risk
includes profiles of actuaries and the RMPC Knowledge Database.
Public Policy and Media
Thought Leadership
Australian Actuaries Climate Index (AACI)
The Dialogue
Developing the retirement income framework
Spending in Retirement and the Taper Rate
Private health and health care financing – Learning from the world
The impact of climate change on mortality and retirement incomes in Australia
The Social Condition Report - A Suggestion for Financial Services Businesses
People, Projections and Payments: A Look at Modern Government Service Delivery
The Future of Life Insurance
Building Adaptive Capacity - Individuals, Groups and Society
Social Risks - for a financial services business
Climate Risk Disclosure – financial institutions feel the heat
Genetics - a testing time for insurers?
Private Health Insurance Bill Shock: What Can Insurers Do to Help?
Green Papers
Mind the Gap – The Australian Actuaries Intergenerational Equity Index
Options for an Improved and Integrated System of Retirement
How to Make Private Health Insurance Healthier
Mental Health and Insurance
Peace of Mind Podcast
The Impact of Big Data on the Future of Insurance
Unlocking Housing Wealth – options to meet retirement needs
Who will fund our health?
White Papers
For Richer, For Poorer – Retirement Incomes
Australia’s Longevity Tsunami – What Should We Do?
Joint and Research Papers
Property Insurance Affordability - Challenges and Potential Solutions
Disability Income - An International Comparison 2019
Exploring Retiree Mortality
Retirement Readiness - A Comparative Analysis of Australia, the United Kingdom & the United States
The Challenge of Longevity Risk: Making Retirement Income Last a Lifetime
Research Notes
Media Mentions
Media Releases
Submissions
Public Policy
Key Policy Positions
Policy Development and Consultation
Policy Principles
Governance
Media Enquiries
Pandemic Resource Centre
Young Actuaries' Public Policy Essay Competition
Public Policy and MediaThe Actuaries Institute is committed to promoting the actuarial profession and is recognised as a source of authoritative, professional and independent comment for the financial services sector and non-traditional areas such as health, environment, climate change, genetics and information technology.
Public Policy Participate in the policy development process through our Public Policy Council Committee, Practice Committees, Taskforces and Working Groups.
About Us
History
Vision and Mission
Strategic Plan
Governance
Council
2020 Council Election
2020 Council Members
Becoming a Council Member
Council Reports
Risk Appetite Statement 2016
Constitution
Institute HQ
International Committee
Audit and Risk Council Committee
Education Strategy Committee
Public Policy Council Committee
Committees
All Committees
Young Actuaries Advisory Board
Presidential Addresses
2020 Presidential Address
Past Presidential Addresses
Volunteering
Benefits and Rewards
Testimonials
Volunteer Vacancies
Our Volunteers
Resources
Tool Kit
Volunteer of the Year Awards
Past Winners
International
Year in Review and Financial Statements
Honours and Awards
Actuary of the Year
Life Membership
Practitioner's Award
Gold and Silver Medals
Volunteer of the Year Awards
Past Winners
Annual General Meeting
Contact Us
Find an Actuary
Our Members
COVID-19 Latest Update
Update 9 March 2020
About UsThe Actuaries Institute is the professional body representing the actuarial profession in Australia and is committed to promoting and maintaining a high standard of actuarial practice and representing and supporting its members.
Council Elected annually by Members, the 12-person Council is the Actuaries Institute's peak executive body.
Find out more about the Council
Tools
View Cart
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright
Update Password
Home
>
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Print This Page
Welcome to the actuaries.asn.au website. This website is operated by the Institute of Actuaries of Australia (ABN 69 000 423 656). Access to this website is conditional on acceptance of these terms and conditions. Use of the website indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Terminology
In these terms and conditions, the expressions "we", "us" and "our" are references to the Institute of Actuaries of Australia (ABN 69 000 423 656) and the expression “Material” means text, illustrations, photos, audio, video, any combination of these or other material. Amendments to terms and conditions We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time. Amendments will be effective immediately upon notification on this website. Your continued use of the website following such notification will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the terms and conditions as amended. Disclaimer
Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes, restricts or modifies any condition, warranty, right or liability implied in these terms and conditions or protected by law to the extent that such exclusion, restriction or modification would render these terms and conditions or any provision of these terms and conditions void, illegal or unenforceable. Subject to that:
we do not accept responsibility for any loss damage, however caused (including through negligence), which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of this website including the services Find an Actuary and Find an Expert Witness accessible by using this website, or any linked website, nor do we accept any responsibility for any such loss arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed through this website; any condition, warranty, right or liability which would otherwise be implied in these terms and conditions or protected by law is excluded; and except in relation to liability for personal injury (including sickness and death), we do not accept liability to you in respect of any loss or damage (including indirect, special or consequential loss or damage) which may be suffered or incurred by you or which may arise directly or indirectly in respect of goods or services supplied pursuant to or in any way connected with this website or in respect of any failure or omission on our part to comply with our obligations as set out in these terms and conditions.
You acknowledge that:
prior to entering into these terms and conditions you have been given a reasonable opportunity to examine and satisfy yourself regarding all goods and services which are the subject of these terms and conditions and that prior to entering into these terms and conditions you have availed itself of that opportunity; and at no time prior to entering into these terms and conditions have you relied on our skill or judgment and that it would be unreasonable for you to do so.
The application of the United Nations Convention on contracts for the International Sale of Goods (the Vienna Convention) to these terms and conditions (by virtue of any law relevant to these terms and conditions) is excluded. Pursuant to s 64A of the Australian Consumer Law (Schedule 2 of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth)):
this sub-clause applies in respect of any of the goods or services supplied under these terms and conditions which are not of a kind ordinarily acquired for personal, domestic or household use or consumption, provided that this sub-clause will not apply if you establish that our reliance on it would not be fair and reasonable; liability for breach of a guarantee conferred by the Australian Consumer Law (Schedule 2 of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), other than those conferred by ss 1-53 of that Law, is limited:
in the case of goods, to any one of the following as determined by us:
the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods; or the repair of the goods: or the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods; or the payment of the cost of having the goods repaired;
in the case of services, to any one of the following as determined by us:
the supplying of the services again; or the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
Specific warnings
You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this website does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system. For the removal of doubt, we do not accept responsibility for any interference or damage to your own computer system which arises in connection with your use of this website or any linked website. Whilst we have no reason to believe that any information contained on this website is inaccurate, we do not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of such information, nor do we undertake to keep this website updated. We do not accept responsibility for loss suffered as a result of reliance by you upon the accuracy or currency of information contained on this website. We do not give you any assurances that any information contained on this website will be suitable for your purposes or that it will be error-free. You agree that you will not rely on any information contained on this website or its availability, and that any reliance you make will be on your own independent assessments with the aid of qualified independent advice.
You agree that whilst we provide a short list of names at the Find an Expert Witness service accessible via this website we make no recommendation, implied or otherwise, as to the suitability, or relative merits, of those included on the list for the task proposed. You should make your own enquiries to satisfy yourself that the preferred individual has sufficient and relevant practical experience for the task proposed. All individuals, however, are bound by our Code of Professional Conduct & Professional Standards. Responsibility for the content of advertisements appearing on this website (including hyperlinks to advertisers’ own websites) rests solely with the advertisers. The placement of such advertisements does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by us of an advertiser or its services and each advertiser is solely responsible for any representations made in connection with its advertisement.
Copyright
Copyright in this website (including text, graphics, logos, icons, sound recordings and software) is owned or licensed by us. Other than for the purposes of, and subject to the conditions prescribed under, the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) and similar legislation which applies in your location, and except as expressly authorised by these terms and conditions, you may not in any form or by any means:
adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of this website; or commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this website,
without our written permission. Trade Marks Our logo and name are our trade marks, and may not be used as part of your business or in connection with any goods or services without our prior written consent. Forums If you participate in the discussion forums on this website you agree that any Material you upload, transmit, post or otherwise make available to us:
is your original work and does not infringe the intellectual property rights of another person; is not defamatory, obscene, offensive, threatening, abusive or otherwise unlawful; does not include personal information of another person; is not information you know (or ought reasonably to have known) to be false, misleading or deceptive; does not advertise, promote or solicit goods or services.
By uploading, transmitting, posting or otherwise making available any Material to us, you:
grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, licence to use, reproduce, edit and exploit the Material in any form and for any purpose; warrant that you have the right to grant the licence in the preceding paragraph; warrant that the Material does not breach these terms and conditions; and unconditionally waive all moral rights (as defined by the Copyright Act 1968) which you may have in respect of the Material.
We reserve the right (but have no obligation) to:
review, modify, reformat, reject or remove any Material which you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available (or attempt to upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available) that, in our opinion, violates these terms and conditions or otherwise has the potential to harm, endanger or violate the rights of any person; and monitor use of the website, and store or disclose any information that we collect, including in order to investigate compliance with these terms and conditions or for the purposes of any police investigation or governmental request.
We are not responsible for, and accept no liability with respect to, any Material uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise made available on the website by any person other than us. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not be taken to have uploaded, posted, transmitted or otherwise made Material available on the website simply by facilitating others to post, transmit or other make Material available. Furthermore, we do not endorse any opinion, advice or statement made by any person other than us.
Restricted use and no data harvesting Unless we agree otherwise in writing, you are provided with access to this website only for your personal use. You are authorised to print a copy of any information contained on this website for your personal use, unless such printing is expressly prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not without our written permission on-sell information obtained from this website. You must not access the Find a Member, Find an Actuary or Find an Expert Witness service using this website to harvest personal information for the purpose of promoting goods and services. Linked websites This website may contain links to other websites ("Linked Websites"). Those links are provided for convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices associated with Linked Websites. Our links with linked websites should not be construed as an endorsement, approval or recommendation by us of the owners or operators of those Linked Websites, or of any information, graphics, materials, products or services referred to or contained on those Linked Websites, unless and to the extent stipulated to the contrary by us. Privacy policy We undertake to comply with the terms of our privacy policy. Security of information Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as totally scenic. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly any information that you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
You agree that you will not share your password, let anyone else access your account, or do anything that might put the security of your account at risk. We may require you to re-authenticate your password details from time to time. We rely on your user name and password as evidence of your identity and authority. We reserve the right to remove your user name or similar identifier in respect of your account if appropriate. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of this website. Termination of access Access to this website may be terminated at any time by us, without notice. Our disclaimer will nevertheless survive any such termination. Governing law These terms and conditions are governed by the laws in force in New South Wales. You hereby consent and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of New South Wales, Australia for any cause of action relating to or arising under these terms and conditions.
Looking for something?
Students
Institute Courses
Foundation Key Dates
Fellowship Key Dates
Learning Management System
Career Information
Book Shop
Members
Login
Find a Member
Calendar
Knowledge Bank
Career Opportunities
Committees
Actuaries Digital
Employers
See What We See
What does an Actuary do?
Find an Actuary
Advertise with Us
Sponsorship Opportunities
Site Tools
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
View Cart
Feedback
Making a Complaint
Call us +61 (0) 2 9239 6100
Email Us
© The Institute of Actuaries of Australia
Website by Firefly