http://www.heddinginsurance.com/site-policies/privacy-policy
Hedding Corporation
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
800.743.6911
Menu
Home
Medicare Coverage
Health Insurance
Resource Center
Request Information
Resources
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our company ("we" or "us") recognizes that you care how information about you is collected and used. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our information collection, use, and sharing practices for this Web site.
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered through this Web site and do not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through other means, including digital means such as other Web sites and email communications.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: the number listed on this website.
What information do we collect and how is it used?
Information You Voluntarily Provide
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” is information that you provide to us that may be used to identify you, such as your full name, physical address, email address, or phone number. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we do not collect Personal Information through this Web site unless you voluntarily submit it. Personal Information will be collected when you fill out a “contact us” form and/or when you otherwise voluntarily submit or provide Personal Information to us. We use Personal Information to provide the services and information you have requested and for administrative and analytical purposes. For example, unless otherwise prohibited by law, the Personal Information may be used to contact you (by telephone, regular mail, email, facsimile or other means) to answer your questions or respond to your comments, to send you information about our products and services, to provide emails, newsletters and other communications, to conduct market research, to ensure compliance with our policies and applicable laws and regulations, and to market our products and services. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, we may also sell, rent or lease your Personal Information to third parties for marketing and promotional purposes.
Information We Automatically Collect
Like many Web sites, we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies to collect certain Information automatically whenever you visit this Web site. Cookies are files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. If you choose to disable cookies, you may be unable to use certain features of this Web site.
Information we collect through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies may include your IP address, location of your computer (but not your street address), browser information, operating system type, and dates and times you accessed the Web site. We may also collect information regarding traffic patterns, how you came to our Web site, and site usage. This information is used for analysis and for online marketing.
With both cookies and other tracking technologies, the information we collect does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. We do not generally link the information we collect through the use of cookies and tracking technologies to Personal Information you submit. However, we reserve the right to use information collected in this manner to identify a Web site visitor if we reasonably believe it is necessary or advisable to enforce the policies of this Web site, to protect us or our clients, to prevent fraud, deception, or illegal activity, or to protect this Web site or its visitors.
Is information collected from children?
This Web site is not intended for use by children. If you are under the age of 18, you should not use this Web site and should not submit any information of any kind to us.
With whom do you share information?
We engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include, but are not limited to, hosting and maintenance of our Web site, data storage and recovery, maintaining mailing lists, Web site evaluation, data analysis, data cleansing, and marketing assistance. We may provide information regarding you, including Personal Information, to these third parties. We may also share Personal Information you provide to us to with insurance and financial service providers in order to provide you with information about the availability and pricing of products and services.
We may share non-Personal Information with others from time to time. Examples of such non-Personal Information include the number of users who visited this Web site during a specific time period. This information is shared in an aggregate form.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you, including Personal Information, in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party.
We may also share information, including Personal Information, with third parties as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
In addition, we, or those with whom we have shared information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may release Personal Information and/or non-Personal Information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary or advisable to protect the rights, property or safety of us or our clients, our Web Site visitors, or others.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not share Personal Information with any third party to the extent prohibited by applicable law or regulation.
What do you do to protect Personal Information?
We use various security measures, including a firewall, to protect Personal Information we collect through this Web site. However, no data transmission or information system can be guaranteed to be secure. We do not warrant the security of any Personal Information you submit to us and all such transmissions are at your own risk.
How can I correct Personal Information?
You can correct and update certain Personal Information you have provided to us by contacting us at the phone number listed on this website
What happens when I link from or to another Web site?
This Web site may contain links to other Web sites operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through these other Web sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave this Web site and read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that you visit.
If you have accessed this Web site through a link from another Web site, this Web site may include a frame. The information you provide to us through these framed Web pages is collected by us and this Privacy Policy governs our use of such information.
How will I be informed about changes to this Privacy Policy?
Our Web site will continue to evolve to bring you new features and services and to implement technological advances. As a result, we may change this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. Revised versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on this Web site, together with an updated effective date. In some cases, we may also send an email notifying users of the changes. You should check this Web site regularly to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred. By continuing to use this Web site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
Site Policies
Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
Ask Us A Question
Name
Phone
Email
Question or Message
Ask Question
Contact Us
Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
Hedding Corporation 800.743.6911
3623 Morrie Drive, #201, San Jose, CA 95127
© Copyright 2019 Hedding Corporation. All rights reserved.
Insurance Websites powered by AgentMethods.