http://www.continuityforum.org/content/page/privacy-policy
Continuity Forum
building Business Continuity & Resilience
Search this site:
HOME
News & PR
Articles
Climate
Cyber
Advice
Security
Standards
Video
JOBS
/
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
in Privacy Policy
The Continuity Forum is committed to providing you with excellent service for all of our products and services. Because we respect your right to privacy, we have developed this Privacy Statement to inform you about our privacy practices for the entire Continuity Forum Website.
This Privacy Statement is not applicable to any of our other privacy practices, including, without limitation, data collected from our various research programmes or our materials that may be hosted on partner sites on behalf of the Continuity Forum, unless this Privacy Statement is listed on that site.
In keeping with Privacy Program Best Practice, this Privacy Statement will inform you of:
What personal information our site gathers about you
How we use and with whom we share the personal information we gather
Your ability to opt-out of future notifications
What security procedures we have in place to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration
How you can correct or update your personal information
Questions regarding this Privacy Statement should be directed to webmaster@continuityforum.org. Please specify "Privacy Statement" in the subject line of your e-mail. You may also call us at 44 208 993 1599. If you do not receive a reply from us or if you believe that your inquiry has not been satisfactorily resolved, please contact us at complaint@continuityforum.org . The policy covers only information that is collected through this Web site, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this Web site or from other sites to which we may have provided links to.
Overview
Privacy is of great concern to most users of the Internet, and is a critical part of an enjoyable and satisfactory user experience. We at the Continuity Forum are acutely aware of and sensitive to the privacy concerns of our subscribers and other visitors to our Web site. Whether you are a customer of our various products and services or a visitor to our site, we assure you that we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. If you are booking for a Continuity Forum event or registering with the site as a member, you may be asked to provide certain personal information.
Please note, however, that we are asking for this information for the limited purposes of  providing the services that may be part of your service and authenticating your identity in order to properly protect both you and the Continuity Forum . You should be assured that we do not provide or sell personal information about our customers or site visitors to vendors that are not involved in the provision of the Continuity Forums events and other services.
We strive to provide our visitors, members and subscribers with the highest level of privacy possible, and therefore require that our Affiliates offer no less protection than that offered in this Privacy Statement. In addition, each of our partners must meet the data protection requirements of their relevant national laws. Please note that our site contains links to other sites. The Continuity Forum though is not responsible for the privacy practices, privacy statements, or content regarding these other sites.
Personal Information
There are two ways in which you may explicitly and intentionally provide us with and consent to our collection of certain personal information:
E-mail Request for Information or Registrations for Guides or Seminars - We use links throughout our site to provide you with the opportunity to contact us via e-mail to ask questions, request information and materials, register or sign up for guides or seminars, or provide comments and suggestions. You may also be offered the opportunity to us contact you personally to provide additional information about our products or services. To do so, we may request additional personal information from you, such as your name and telephone number, to help us satisfy your request.
Enrolment - If you choose to enrol for one of our events or otherwise access some services, we may request certain information from you. Depending on the type of product or service that you request, you may be asked to provide different personal information. For certain products and services, we may require your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, bank account information, IP address, and/or social security number. Other products and services may require different or supplemental information from you in order to apply. For a detailed listing of the type of personal information requested for our various products, please refer to the enrolment page for the particular product or service.
Under no circumstances do we collect any personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, or sex life.
Statistical Information About Your Visit
When you visit our site, our computers may automatically collect statistics about your visit. This information does not identify you personally, but rather identifies information about a visit to our site. We may monitor statistics such as how many people visit our site, the user's IP address, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors come and which browsers people use. We use these statistics about your visit for aggregation purposes only. These statistics are used to help us improve the performance of our Web site.
Use of Cookies
We only use "cookies" as described in this Section. A "cookie" is a piece of information that our Web site sends to your browser, which then stores this information on your system. If a cookie is used, our Web site will be able to "remember" information about you and your preferences either until you exit your current browser window (if the cookie is temporary) or until you disable or delete the cookie. Many users prefer to use cookies in order to help them navigate a Web site as seamlessly as possible. You should be aware that cookies contain no more information than you volunteer, and they are not able to "invade" your hard drive and return to the sender personal or other information from your computer.
Our uses of "cookies" are limited to the following specific situations. The first situation is with respect to temporary cookies. There are two instances in which we use temporary cookies. First, if you are accessing our services through one of our online applications our Web server may automatically send your browser a temporary cookie, which is used to help your browser navigate our site. The only information contained in these temporary cookies is a direction value that lets our software determine which page to show when you hit the back button in your browser. This bit of information is erased when you close your current browser window. If you come to our site from one of our business partners, our Web server may also send your browser a temporary cookie that reflects an "origination code" for that business partner. We use this information for statistical and marketing purposes.
Second, if you are using a Continuity Forum membership to log into an access-controlled section of our site, we set a temporary session cookie to establish that you have been authenticated. The information contained in these cookies consists of random data that is used by the server to authenticate the browser requests to the server for that particular session. It does not include any type of personally identifiable information. This bit of information is erased when you close your current browser window. If you choose not to accept a temporary cookie, you will not be able to navigate in these online applications or access any of the restricted areas of the website.
The second situation in which we may use cookies is with respect to permanent cookies. This type of cookie remains on your system, although you can always delete or disable it through your browser preferences. There are two instances in which we use a permanent cookie. First, when you visit our Web site and request documentation or a response from us. When you are filling out a form you may be given the option of having our Web site deliver a cookie to your local hard drive. You might choose to receive this type of cookie in order to save time in filling out forms and/or revisiting our Web site. We only send this type of cookie to your browser when you have clicked on the box labeled "Please pre-fill these forms for me in the future" or "Please remember my profile information" when submitting information or communicating with us. The second instance where we use a permanent cookie is where we track traffic patterns on our site. Analysis of the collected information by our tracking technologies allows us to improve our web site and the user experience. In both instances of a persistent cookie, if you choose not to accept the cookie, you will still be able to use our Web site. Even if you choose to receive this type of cookie, you can always set your browser to notify you when you receive any cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it in each situation in which one is sent.
Bulletin Boards, Chat Rooms and Forums
If you use the forum or comments linked to this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there may be able to be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. The Continuity Forum is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. You are also responsible for using these forums in a manner consistent with the Rules of Engagement or other terms and conditions set forth on the relevant forum site.
How We Use and With Whom We Share the Personal Information We Gather
We assure you that the personal information we gather from you is used by us only as explained below:
Sending you responses and updates
We generally respond to any e-mail questions, requests for product or service information, and other inquiries that we receive. We may also retain this correspondence to improve our products, services, and Web site, and for other disclosed purposes. Frequently we retain contact information so that we can send individuals updates or other important information about our services and products. Occasionally these updates or other important information may be sent out by third parties service agents on our behalf. Please be assured that any third party who contacts you in this capacity has executed a confidentiality agreement with us that contains a provision ensuring the privacy and security of any transferred information and limits the third party's use of the shared information to sending updates or providing services on our behalf.
Facilitating the support, renewal, and purchase of our products and services
We may use the information you submit to contact you to discuss the support, renewal, and purchase of our products and services.
Validating your identity (if you are applying for certain types of  membership)
Certain types of membership may require that we compare some of the information in your application to information contained in a third-party database or with some other third party source. We do this in order to authenticate your identity and other attributes, and also to prevent identity theft. We have confidentiality agreements in place with these third-party databases restricting the disclosure of your information. In certain limited situations, we have contracts in place permitting the third-party database to disclose the information to its subcontractors or affiliates, but only for authenticating your identity and only in accordance with confidentiality agreements.
Disclosure by Law and Protection of the Continuity Forum and Others
If we are required by law to disclose certain information to Government agencies or national or international government or law enforcement authorities, we will do so.  We will also disclose information to third parties as necessary in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, the Continuity Forum may share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud, or enforce or apply Continuity Forum  agreements.
Follow @ContinuityForum
Articles
Recognising threat - the importance of pre-incident surveillance
What about Resilience?
Climate adaptation measures and our BCM approach - a user perspective
Cyber | There's a good time coming...
Why only grown-ups should be allowed to use computers.
Industry news and press releases
BSI Organizational Resilience standard - BS 65000 to be revised & updated | find out more
National Occupation Standards for Business Continuity - your feedback needed
Webcast "Introducing the Climate Adaptation Programme"
more
Jobs & Contracts
JOBS AVAILABLE
JOBS NEEDED
CONTRACTS
Find out more
About Us
How to Register
Media and Journalists
Links
Advertising
RESOURCES
SECURITY & CT
Don't be the weak link
SUPPLY CHAIN CONTINUITY
Hosting services provided by:
Privacy Policy               About us               Contact us              Terms & Conditions                                                                                                                 Copyright 1999-2014