https://www.andandandcreative.com/terms-conditions
&&&
Work
News
Info
Shop
&&& Creative Ltd
Millmead Business Centre, Millmead Road, London, N17 9QU
engage@andandand.co.uk
+44 (0)20 7739 2135
andandandcreative.com
Terms & Conditions
GENERAL
Welcome to our Website at www.andandandcreative.com. The Website is provided by &&& Limited, a company registered under number 4971465 in England and Wales and whose registered office is at LB Group London, Number One, Vicarage Lane, Stratford, London, E15 4HF (“&&&”, “us”, “we” or “our” for short) “You” and “Your” means you as the user of our Website.
&&& Limited is a Graphic Design agency
ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT
These terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) govern your use of the Website and the supply of all services and information via the Website. By accessing the Website, You agree to these Terms and Conditions. If You do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, You should not use the Website. You should read all the Terms and Conditions prior to using the Website. You should also print out a copy of these Terms and Conditions for future reference.
These Terms and Conditions, together with the Cookies Policy shall be collectively referred to as the “Agreement”. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between You and us. If You are uncertain about any of its terms, email engage@andandandcreative.com or write to us at the address Unit 78, Millmead Business Centre, Millmead Road, London, N17 9QU and we will respond to Your query as soon as possible.
ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE
Access to our Website is dependent upon availability of the worldwide web and we accept no responsibility for Your inability to access our site arising out of circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
Commentary and other materials posted on our Website are not intended as advice and should not be relied upon. To the fullest extent permissible by law, we disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information and all terms, representations that might otherwise be implied in this Agreement are hereby excluded.
LINKING TO OUR WEBSITE
You may link to our home page, provided You do so in a way that is fair and legal and which does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not link to our Website in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. Our Website must not be framed on any other site. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
LIMITED LICENCE
Subject to the terms of this Agreement, we grant You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited right to access, view, and print out one copy of this Website and all data, information, software graphics, images, text, posts and other content on the Website, (“Materials”) on a single device.
You may only view, print out and use the Website and the Materials for Your own personal, non-commercial use. We expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in and to the Website and the Materials and Your use of the Website and Materials is subject to the following restrictions. You must not (a) remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Materials; (b) modify the Materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose; (c) transfer the Materials to any other person; (d) reproduce, modify, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast, frame, communicate to the public or circulate to any third party or exploit this Website and/or the Materials in any way; without our prior written consent. (e) use any Materials from the Website in any manner that may infringe any copyright, intellectual property right, proprietary right, or property right of us or any third parties.
SUBMITTING MATERIAL FOR OUR WEBSITE
Whenever you to send, submit material for use on our Website.
Any material you submit for our Website will be considered non-confidential and you grant us the right to display, copy, distribute, use, store and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our Website constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right (but not the obligation) at our sole discretion to refuse, delete or remove any material if, in our opinion, such material does not comply with the content standards.
ACCEPTABLE USE
You warrant and undertake that all content submitted by you to our Website, including, but not limited to your name, all other names, postings, messages, text, files, images, photographs, video, sounds likenesses, graphics, logos, marks, and all other information shall not:
Infringe trademarks, copyrights, and rights of privacy, publicity or intellectual property rights of any other person.
Contain any malicious code such as viruses, trojan horses or other harmful or material or programs; or. violate any applicable law, statute or regulation. Be inaccurate where it states facts or disingenuous where it states opinions;
Contain any content that is abusive or racially, culturally, or ethnically offensive, libellous, defamatory, indecent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, sexually explicit, harmful, harassing, intimidating, hateful, objectionable, fraudulent, discriminatory, or which may or may appear to, impersonate any third party, does not infringe any other person’s rights (for example, You should own all the rights in Your Content i.e. it should be original and may not include any music soundtrack or any copyright protected work (the rights in which are owned by a third party) as part of Your Content which you submit, unless You have obtained all necessary consents and licences to do so);
does not violate any law, rule or regulation in any way.
You shall indemnify, compensate and reimburse us, and any of our agents and representatives against any claim received, or damages suffered, by us resulting from submission of Your Content.
TRADE MARKS
We expressly reserve all rights in and to the domain name www.andandandcreative.com, the trading name, “&&& Creative” and all other related service marks, trading names or other trade marks relating to our products and services. Other trade marks, products and company names mentioned on the Website may be trademarks of their respective owners or licensors and the rights in such marks are expressly reserved to the respective owners or licensors.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND CONTENT
The Website and the Materials may contain links to third party websites. If You decide to visit any third party site, You do so at Your own risk. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites. Links do not imply that we or this Website is affiliated or associated such sites. Third party content may appear on the Website or may be accessible via links from the Website. We are not responsible for and assume no liability for such content.
EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS
To the fullest extent permissible by law, we exclude and disclaim terms and conditions, and representations that might otherwise be implied by law in relation to this Website, the Materials and/or all services supplied by us in connection with this Website.
We shall not be liable under this Agreement for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
The materials on this Website may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Materials. Any reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement, or other information shall be at your sole risk. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to correct any errors or omissions in any portion of the Website and to make any changes to the features, functionality or content of the Website at any time. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content on the Website.
We do not represent or warrant that the Website will be error-free, free of viruses or owner harmful components, or that defects will be corrected.
We will not be in breach of this Agreement nor be liable for any failure or delay in performance of our obligations under this Agreement, arising from or attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond our reasonable control.
In such circumstances, Your corresponding obligations will be suspended to the same extend as ours and we will use all reasonable endeavours to carry out our obligations under this Agreement in any way that is reasonably practicable and to resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably possible.
OUR LIABILITY
Nothing in this Agreement shall exclude our liability for: a) anything else that cannot be excluded or limited by us under English law (b) fraudulent misrepresentation; and/or
Our aggregate liability to you in connection with any claim arising out of or relating to the Website, the Materials and the services provided in connection with the Website or otherwise shall be limited to the amount paid by You in relation to that claim.
You shall compensate and hold us and our partners, affiliated companies, agents, officers, directors, employees harmless against all liabilities, losses, claims and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, incurred by the same in connection and/or arising out of You breach of the terms of this Agreement.
LEGAL COMPLIANCE AND APPLICABLE LAW
You shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in England and Wales in connection with Your use of the Website and the Materials that appear on it.
The laws of England and Wales shall apply to this Agreement and this Agreement shall be interpreted under English law Any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Should any part of this Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that anything in or associated with the Website is in conflict or inconsistent with this Agreement, this Agreement shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. Our rights under this Agreement shall survive any termination of this Agreement. Thank you for your time and visiting our Website.
Design Antics News Letter
Our design antics newsletter is aimed at inspiring creative minds. Subscribers will be sent the occasion email about our latest initiatives, design work, talks and the occasional poster or t-shirt.
Inline with the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) during the signup phase we request your consent to send you these emails.
Subscribers can change their mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by contacting us at engage@andandandcreative.com. We will treat your information with respect.
We use MailChimp as our marketing automation platform. By clicking the confirmation link above you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms
Updated 18 May 2018
Updated 18/5/2018 - &&& Creative
Services
Creative Direction
Designed to bring content to life
Brand Identity
Crafted to resonate with your audience
Website Design
Delivering intuitive user experiences
Clients
Office for Metropolitan Architecture
Off-White™
Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago
Dirty Soup Ltd
Vodafone
Hawkins\Brown
"&&& have designed our website & portfolio: Delivering a clear and forward looking design. They have been hugely helpful in defining our communication and brand strategies at large. Great professionalism go hand-in-hand with great creativity."
Alessandra Cianchetta, Architect, Urban Design, RIBA, Partner AWP Office for territorial reconfiguration
Work
Data archiving, where every bit matters
Brand Identity					- Arkivum Ltd
Hand-made to digital book covers designed for Verso Books
Creative Direction					- Verso Books
A digital vision for Trinity Mirror the National Newspaper Group
Website Design					- Trinity Mirror plc
See More
1 July 2014 12:47 pm
Our website uses cookies, please read our Privacy Policy.
If you continue to use our website we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our site.
I Agree