http://www.nciinc.com/legal/
CompanyOfferingsAI SolutionsCareersNews
Employee Login
Login Legal & Privacy PolicyCode of EthicsMessage from Our President and CEOTo our employees, directors, customers and business partners:As a leading provider of enterprise solutions and services to U.S. defense, intelligence, health and civilian government agencies, NCI is committed to achieving the highest moral, ethical and legal standards in conducting our business. NCI’s executive management team fosters a business climate built on a framework of ethical behavior. The cornerstone of this framework is this Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (“Code”), which guides us by providing the standards and procedures for us to follow and applies to NCI, Inc., including all of its subsidiary companies (collectively, “NCI” or the “Company”).NCI’s continued success in executing our business strategy depends on each of us adhering to this Code every day and without exception. This provides the appropriate environment from which to serve our employees, directors, customers, business partners and the communities in which we live and work. NCI’s excellent reputation is a direct result of our tradition of customer satisfaction, superior work environment and the technical excellence of our employees — all fundamental contributors to our success. Our ability to compete successfully greatly depends upon you and your understanding and support of our Code.Thank you for your cooperation. Paul A. Dillahay, President and CEOLegalThe NCI site and all materials herein constitute NCI and/or third-party intellectual property and are protected by United States laws, as well as international laws and treaties. Unless explicitly provided otherwise, nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting any license or right to anyone under any patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property rights of NCI or any third party.Privacy PolicyYour privacy and the privacy of all users of nciinc.com is of the highest priority. This privacy statement explains what information we gather from you, how it may be used by us and how it is protected.Information we collectNCI does not directly solicit information from Web site visitors. We will not knowingly collect or use personal identifying information from children younger than 13 without parental consent.If you apply for a job at NCI, we request information about you. This information is used for employment consideration only. Unless you request otherwise, we will keep the information for future consideration.Use of cookiesWe also collect information through the use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data, or data files, which are sent by a web site to your web browser and are stored on your computer. They are used to understand general traffic patterns on nciinc.com. The information stored in the cookie is only used for statistical tracking purposes and not for individual identification. In no way does NCI relate personal information to these traffic pattern statistics.This privacy policy applies only to nciinc.com. You should be aware that through links you may be directed to other sites that we do not control. NCI has no control over the privacy policies or practices of these other sites, and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of web sites to which we link, list, rank or identify by means of a search. NCI takes no responsibility for the products, services, policies or actions of third parties or the content of third party web sites. We encourage you to be aware when you are leaving our site and to read the privacy policies of each web site you visit.Links to other websitesThis privacy policy applies only to https://www.nciinc.com. You should be aware that through links you may be directed to other sites that we do not control. NCI has no control over the privacy policies or practices of these other sites, and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites to which we link, list, rank or identify by means of a search. NCI takes no responsibility for the products, services, policies or actions of third parties, or the content of third party websites. We encourage you to be aware when you are leaving our site and to read the privacy policies of each website you visit.Link here for NCI 508 Compliant Statement.