https://www.communitywestbank.com/privacy.php
Skip to main content
For Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan clients, click here for resources to help you complete your loan forgiveness application.
Privacy
Privacy Notice
What does Community West Bank do with your personal information?
Learn More about our Privacy Notice »
Notice at Collection
We are committed to maintaining the security of the personal information of our customers.
Learn More about Notice at Collection »
Notice and Policy of the California Consumer Privacy Act
The information we collect about you, how it may be shared and your rights connected with the information.
Learn More about the California Consumer Privacy Act »
Request to Know
To obtain the specific information we have collected about you.
Request to Know Form »
Request to Delete
You may request deletion of specific information we have collected about you.
Request to Delete Form »
Online Privacy Policy
As a customer of Community West Bank, we believe it is our responsibility to safeguard your privacy when you visit our website or online interfaces.
Learn More about our Online Privacy Policy »
Social Media Community Guidelines
We welcome your participation as a means of sharing your own experiences, suggesting
improvements, and joining the conversation. To keep our community focused, we have set some guidelines.
Learn More about Social Media Community Guidelines »
Online Education Center
ID Theft Prevention for Business
FDIC
Identity Theft Prevention
Recent Articles
If You Connect, Protect It!
November 6th, 2020
We are connected to cyberspace more than ever before in history. The COVID-19 pandemic forced us into working from home, distanced learning, and so many other aspects of our lives are online. Read More »
10 Things You Can Do to Avoid Fraud
November 2nd, 2020
If you spot a fraud scam, report it – your report to the FTC and local law enforcement will help investigate scams and bring criminals to justice. Read More »
Cybersecurity Awareness: Credential Stuffing
October 29th, 2020
Learn what steps you should take to allow you to breathe a little easier and keep you in better control of your online identity. Read More »
Protect Your Personal Information
October 20th, 2020
Let’s consider ways you and your family should protect key personal information. Read More »