http://www.grobecpa.com/privacy
37 Kessel Court Suite 205,Madison, WI 53711
adminMD@grobecpa.com
(608) 210-1200
Subscribe
Subscribe to our newsletter
For Free
Submit
Client Login
Pay Now
Toggle navigation
Home
about
Firm Profile
Our Office
Blog
Our Services
services for individuals
Estate planning
business services
Small Business Accounting
Payroll
QuickBooks Services
Part-Time CFO Services
Audits - Reviews - Compilations
Cash Flow Management
Bank Financing
Business Valuation
Strategic Business Planning
Succession Planning
New Business Formation
Non-Profit Organizations
Internal Controls
tax services
Tax Preparation
Tax planning
Tax Problems
QuickBooks Services
Why Quickbooks
Buy QuickBooks and Save
QuickTuneup
QuickBooks Setup
QuickBooks Training
QuickAnswers
QuickBooks Tips
newsletter
This Month's Newsletter
Previous Newsletters
Today's News and Weather
tax center
Tax Rates
Today's News and Weather
IRS Tax Forms and Publications
State Tax Forms
Record Retention Guide
resources
guides
Business Strategies
Frequently Asked Questions
Investment Strategies
Life Events
Tax Strategies for Individuals
Tax Strategies for Business Owners
Tax Calculators
Client Portal
Internet Links
News and Weather
Contact
Subscribe Client Login
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Our Services
Newsletter
Tax Center
Resources
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Here is our Privacy Policy required by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications, tax organizers, worksheets and other documents;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others;
Information we receive from a consumer-reporting agency.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone, except as permitted by law.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those members of our firm who need to know that information to provide services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Online information is stored on secure servers located in CPA Website Solutions SOC 1 certified data centers.
If you have any questions about this policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Online Payment Terms and Conditions.
1. All payments of Grobe & Associates CPAs, LLC accepts the following cards:
American Express
MasterCard
Visa
2. When you complete the online payment form, funds will be deducted from your credit card in US currency.
3. Due to the way transaction are processed by the external banking sties, there may be delays of 1-3 days in updating your payment in Grobe & Associates CPAs, LLC records.
4. Payments are debited to Grobe & Associates CPAs, LLC.
5. Credit card payments are secure:
Payments will be processed directly by (eSelect).
Credit card numbers are protected with a high level of encryption when transmitted over the internet.
Grobe & Associates CPAs, LLC does not have access to your credit card details.
6. Confirmation:
If successful, (eSelect) will confirm that your payment was completes.
If unsuccessful, (eSelect) will advise that your payment has failes. Grobe & Associates CPAs, LLC will not be advised why a payment has failed, therefore, you should contact your credit card provider for details.
If your payment fails, please use one of the other payment methods described on your invoice.
7. All information you provide on the credit card payment facility forms will be handled in accordance with (eSelect) privacy statement.
8. Grobe & Associates CPAs, LLC Terms and Conditions for online credit card payments are subject to change at any time. Each transaction shall be subject to the specific Terms and Conditions that were in place at the time of the transaction.
9. No Refund for client service.