https://www.bobmartin.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
What is your privacy policy?
By continuing to browse our site, you consent to our placing cookies on your computer (unless you have chosen to disable them via your browser).
This Privacy Policy explains how Bob Martin (‘We/Us/Our’) collect, store and use your personal data when you browse and use bobmartin.co.uk (the ‘Website’), and when you provide us with your personal data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Website you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy, you must not use the Website. Bob Martin UK is owned by Pets Choice Ltd and is a company registered in England and Wales (registration number 2181268) with registered office at Pets Choice Ltd, Brentwood House, Lower Philips Road, Whitebirk Industrial Estate, Blackburn, BB1 5UD, United Kingdom and is a registered data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. We only collect, store and process your personal data in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
What information might be held about me?
Information that you have provided to us including but not limited to when you:
submit rate and reviews
enter competitions, prize draws or promotions which we are promoting
sign up to marketing/newsletters by email
Information you provide our partners and when you report a problem with the website.
If you contact us for any reason, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Information we collect using cookies stored on your device. Please see the section on cookies for more information and how to manage them.
Your IP address
Details of your visits to the website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data and the resources, advertisements and linked sites that you access.
Information we request and hold includes but is not limited to the following:
Your name, age, date of birth, sex
Pet name, breed and birth date
Phone and fax numbers
Email addresses
Usernames and passwords
Browsing and shopping activities
Your customer queries
We, or third party data processors who act on our behalf, may use the personal data you provide us in the following manner:
To provide you with the requested goods and/or services including but not limited to processing and fulfilling your order and administering promotions such as competitions and prize draws.
To monitor and improve the services and the Website
To manage your marketing preferences
To verify your identity
Market research purposes
To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements;
In the detection and prevention of fraud or other crimes.
To assist with any of your customer queries
For research, analysis, risk management, legal, accounting, administrative, testing, monitoring and for our business operations.
Unless you have not consented to, we may use your personal data in the following manner:
To provide you with tailored/behavioural advertising through the use of cookies on the Website. This means that we have your agreement to store information about the products you have viewed or purchased so that we are able to make the adverts you see more relevant to you. In the event that you do not want to receive tailored advertising, or do not wish for any of your information to be processed through the use of cookies, please refer to the section on Cookies.
We may disclose personal data we collect to third parties in the following manner:
We may pass your personal data to other companies to support our business operations, and or audit purposes.
We may disclose your personal data where it is necessary to comply with any applicable law or an order of a governmental or law enforcement body.
We may pass on non-personal aggregated information about website usage to reputable organisations for research or analysis purposes only.
We may disclose your personal information to any member of the Pets Choice Ltd Group of Companies, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your information to any successors of our business for them to use for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, and/or as part of any business or asset sale carried out.
E-mail Marketing
You may opt out from any email marketing by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Phishing
Phishing is a method used by fraudsters to deceive someone into giving sensitive information. Most of the time phishing will take the form of emails, which purport to be from well-known companies and ask recipients to send their private information. This information is then used for identity theft and fraud.
Bob Martin will only ask you to send personal details by email if it is responding to a query you have sent it online and these details are needed to answer your query properly. Bob Martin will never ask you to send any personal details by email unless you have contacted Bob Martin first. If you have not contacted Bob Martin, please ignore any email claiming to be from Bob Martin which asks for personal details, and let us know about it.
Cookie Policy for Bob Martin
This is the Cookie Policy for Bob Martin is available from www.bobmartin.co.uk
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookies
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookies
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookies
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Bob Martin UK, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. This Cookies Policy was created with the help of the Cookies Policy Template Generator and the Terms and Conditions Template.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Phone: 0344 748 0108
Email: info@bobmartin.co.uk
Got a Question?We're here to helpContact Us
Finder
My pet is a...
DogCat
I am looking for...
I am looking for…How to get rid of fleas/ticksHow to prevent fleas/ticksHow to get rid of wormsAdvice on my dog's healthI am looking for…How to get rid of fleas/ticksHow to prevent fleas/ticksHow to get rid of wormsCat litter & accessoriesAdvice on my cat's health
Go