http://www.westerncase.com/privacy-policy/
Your privacy is very important to us. This privacy policy of Western
Case (westerncase.com) describes the information we gather, how we share
that information and what we do to protect your information. Use of the
site indicates agreement with this privacy policy.
What Information We Gather
Information we automatically collect via industry standard web log files
includes the URL from which you visited, the page you are visiting,
your computer browser information and your IP address. As a prospective
buyer using offerings on our site (such as our Request for Quotes
service) to receive information from or about sellers, you are required
to provide additional information so Website Design Resource can deliver
these services to you. This includes contact information, basic
demographic information, and your purchasing requirements. The
information collected varies according to the different purchasing
categories and can be viewed by visiting the different forms located
throughout our site. We may also ask you for feedback about our service,
which is collected and stored to allow us to continually improve our
offerings.
Some of the materials included on this site, including advertising, may
be served by third parties. These third parties, in the course of
serving such materials, may collect information regarding your use of
this site and how you respond to e-mail communications, using methods
that may include automatic data collection, and may use this information
in order to present advertisements or other content that may be of
interest to you on both this site and other web sites. Collection, use,
disclosure and security of information collected by third parties are
subject to the privacy policies of those third parties.
How Do We Use Your Information
Website Design Resource uses the information we gather to put buyers and
sellers into contact with one another, to provide other features and
functionality of this site, to improve your experience on our site
through analysis and communication, for other purposes described in this
policy, and for purposes disclosed to you when you provide information.
To Facilitate Transactions. Buyers or vendors will receive emails and
other communications from us to fulfill or facilitate the purpose for
which the information was provided or a request to use a service on this
site. You cannot opt out of emails that are necessary to provide our
services. By using Website Design Resource’s services offered on this
site, you agree that we may use your personal information to contact you
and deliver information to you related to those services.
Analysis. In our ongoing effort to improve the content and services we
offer, we continually analyze the information we receive to identify
trends and patterns in user behavior. Your personal information, when
used in such a manner, is aggregated with others to amass enough data
for such analysis and is not personally identifiable.
Testimonials and Feedback. We sincerely appreciate the feedback we
receive from our users. Your feedback, both positive and negative, is
forwarded to the appropriate departments at Website Design Resource as
necessary so we can continue to monitor and improve the service we
provide. We may also share testimonials in our marketing literature but
will do so without including personally identifiable information unless
we have expressly received your permission to do so.
Newsletters. Website Design Resource offers valuable content through
email newsletters for both buyers and vendors. If you no longer wish to
receive any newsletter, we encourage you to opt out of these
communications as provided in the email.
Email Services. Website Design Resource may offer services such as
“Tell a Friend” that allow visitors to notify other people via e-mail
about its services. When an email address is provided for these
communications, it is not used by us for any purpose other than to
forward the requested information.
How We Share Your Information With Others
Our customer information is an important part of our business. As a
result, we only disclose this information as described in this section.
Our sharing of information to outside parties is described below.
Prospective Buyers. To facilitate our business of matching buyers and
vendors, prospective buyers using our services will be provided
information about vendors relevant to the buyer’s request or inquiry
using such services. This includes supplier contact information, company
background information and, where appropriate, ratings or reviews.
Vendors. Similarly, vendors whose products or services are relevant
to a prospective buyer’s request, and/or marketers, resellers and other
service providers performing marketing, fulfillment and/or similar
services on behalf of such vendors with respect to the prospective
buyer’s request, may be provided with that prospective buyer’s
information. We contractually limit use of the buyer’s information
(including all forms of contact information submitted) by the seller to
communicating with the buyer, or permitting its marketers, resellers or
other service providers to communicate with the buyer, about their
desired purchase. In addition, vendors may receive information about
buyers in a manner that does not disclose personally identifiable
information. Examples include data that are aggregated across a group of
buyers or feedback that is provided without attribution to a specific
person or company.
Agents. From time to time, we may use the services of third-party
companies to help facilitate our business activities. These include bill
collection services, affiliate or incentive program providers, customer
service organizations, e-mail and postal mail brokers, and marketing
service providers. These companies are subject to confidentiality
agreements with us and are prohibited from using the information we
provide for any reason except to perform the functions that Website
Design Resource has outlined for them.
Legal Requests. Website Design Resource is interested in protecting
its members and the community at large. We will release account and
other personal information to legal authorities when we believe it is
appropriate to comply with the law, rules or regulations or to protect
persons or property. In addition, Website Design Resource may choose to
release information about you to relevant parties in relation to
investigations of fraud, piracy or other unlawful activity.
Information Security
Your information is stored on servers that are protected against
unauthorized access through the use of safeguards such as “firewalls,”
encryption and Secure Socket Layers. We utilize many security techniques
to protect your personal information. However, it is impossible to
guarantee a perfect security system.
Legal Disclaimer
Although we have attempted to address the various privacy-related issues
you are likely to encounter, we cannot ensure that all of your private
communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in
ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy. Therefore,
although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we
do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal
information or private communications will always remain private from
unauthorized access.
Also, Website Design Resource contains links to other sites. Please
be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these
other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and
every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This
privacy policy applies to information collected by Website Design
Resource alone.
Notification of Change
We may amend this privacy policy for minor changes at any time by
posting the amended terms on the Site. All minor amended terms shall be
effective upon posting. If we make material changes to this policy, we
will notify you by email or by posting a prominent notice for 30 days
prior to the change taking effect.
Want a FREE CASE? Get a quote today?
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Company :
Phone Number
Have a question?:
Recent Posts
How to Choose the Right Blow Molding Manufacturer
Benefits of Blow Molded Plastic Cases with Western Case
Western Case Premiere Resource for Quality Blow Molded Cases
Will Blow Molding Work For My Part?
What Hard Plastic Carrying Cases Can Protect Equipment?