https://www.hawker-electronics.co.uk/privacy
Level control & indication in liquids and powders
Home
Products
Applications
Know How
Resources
About
Contact Us
Conductivity Products
Utrasonic Products
Capacitance Products
Pressure Products
Control Products
Home >
Privacy
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We will not email you in the future unless you have given us your consent.
The information we collect will only be used by Hawker Electronics. Every time we email you we will give you the chance to refuse any such emails in the future.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
your name
address
email address
This information is collected when you enter your name, address and/or email address on the site. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
We will endeavour to keep the information we hold about you up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us at the email address provided below. If there are any inaccuracies please let us know and we will correct it promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.
We may use technology such as a "cookie" to monitor users of this site such as which areas of the site you use most or least often and how often you use the website. A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user, it is not linked to any of your personal information on our site. It may be possible for you to modify your browser to prevent this happening and you may still be able to use our site.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us at info@hawker-electronics.co.uk
Please select one
900 Dual Trip Amplifier
920 Auto Sequencer for two pumps
990 Signal Conditioner
AC Plus.
A complete level controller & starter assembly
AC1 & AC1/P Controller for wall & panel mounting
AC5/6 Controller for 2 pumps duty/standby or duty/assist. Auto sequence option /AS
Alarum.
Electrode Holder & combined electronics for Alarm
Auto Pump Priming System, APP-C & APP-P
Borehole Electrode E4 and E5
Bubbler
Building Services Alarm
Building Services Alarm
Controller with cable monitoring
DC1/P and DC1 Controller for 10 to 27 volt DC operation
E13A Multi-Electrode Holder
E14 Multi-Electrode Holder
E23 Multi-Electrode Holder
E23P Pressure tight Multi Electrode Holder
Electrode Brackets
Flexicap FCP
Flexicap FCP/4-20
Flexicap FXL3
Floats
Heavy Duty HPE8
Heavy Duty HPE8/P
HPTX
Light Duty HPE7
Light Duty HPE7/P
Light Duty HPE7/Pa
Magicap LS1
Magicap LS8
Magiflex System MP & UC1
Medium Duty E22
Miniature E15
MiniSonda Ultrasonic transmitter
Model DM224
P4 Plug in Level Controller for Panel Mounting
P8/IS Intrinsically Safe Conductivity Level Controller
PM1 phase monitor controller
Power Supply Unit PS2
Pressure Transducers & Transmitters
Sondaloop
UC1/P
Featured Products
P8/IS Intrinsically Safe Conductivity Level Controller
ATEX and IECEx certified (to Zone 0) DIN...
MiniSonda Ultrasonic transmitter
MiniSonda ultrasonic transmitter
This...
990 Signal Conditioner
Signal Instrument. Internal simulator in...
Flexicap FXL3
Flexilevel 3 controller/Indicator c/w 5 ...
Auto Pump Priming System, APP-C & APP-P
APP-C & APP-P automatic smart pump primi...
Controller with cable monitoring
SCFA2 Single Channel Flood Alarm
...
© 2020 Hawker Electronics | Hawker Electronics Limited, 57 The Avenue, Rubery Industrial Estate, Birmingham, B45 9AL | tel: 0121 4538911 | terms & conditions | privacy
website by Hughes Media