https://www.icwgroup.com/about/legal-notice/
Corporate Offices
San Diego, CA
Follow Us
Home » About ICW Group » Legal Notice & Privacy Policy
Legal Notice
Details and statements contained in this website, www.icwgroup.com, are provided solely for informational purposes and are not intended to be a solicitation or an offer to sell any insurance product or service. The information provided is not a complete description of such products or services. All coverages are subject to the terms, conditions and exclusions of the actual policy issued.
Please contact an independent insurance agent or broker who represents ICW Group to discuss specific coverage details and your insurance needs. Not all policies or coverages are available in every state.
Off-site URL linking
Any links or URL addresses to other web sites not controlled by ICW Group are provided as a convenience only; ICW Group does not author, monitor or control these independent sites. Therefore, we do not approve, endorse or certify any information or content of those sites or of their advertisers. ICW Group is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any external web site.
Trademark use
The trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on the website are owned by Insurance Company of the West and may not be used without permission.
Privacy Policy
Acknowledgments
At ICW Group, we value you as a customer. We take your personal privacy seriously.
We do not sell your personal information, so there is no need to “opt out.”
We only share personal information to give you the insurance services you seek.
We may use your information to tell you about ICW Group products.
We may use your information as permitted by law.
Anyone who sees your information must keep it private.
We do not share your medical information unless we need to verify insurance coverage benefits or as allowed by law.
Information we collect
In providing our products to you, we collect information about you. We may share this data for business and legal reasons. We may collect the following personal information:
Your name
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Social security number
Credit card
Other personal information
Most of the data we collect about you comes from you, your application, your agent, or broker.
We get data from your transactions with us. For example, the insurance you purchase, your account balances and your payment history.
We also get data from consumer reports. This includes claim history reports, motor vehicle reports or credit reports.
Information we share
ICW Group only shares your personal information as allowed by law.
We may share your information with:
Affiliates for regulatory reasons.
Insurance agents or brokers.
Brokers, agents or other insurers to respond to your application for commercial business insurance.
Reinsurance companies or claims administrators.
Insurance regulators or law enforcement officials.
Lienholders, assignees, lessors, or other persons having a beneficial or legal interest in the policy.
Others to prevent fraud, respond to a subpoena or search warrant.
Companies that provide motor vehicle reports, credit reports or claims history.
Auto repair shops, medical providers or others providing services covered by your policy.
Contractors, service providers, and other third parties who require such information to support our business.
For commercial business we may share your applications with brokers, agents or other insurers to respond to your application for insurance.
Affiliated companies
ICW Group reserves the right to share your nonpublic financial information with its affiliates for marketing purposes without getting your prior written consent. The law does not restrict these disclosures. ICW Group affiliates include Insurance Company of the West, Explorer Insurance Company, Explorer American Insurance Company and VerTerra Insurance Company.
Practices to protect confidentiality and security
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your information. We only share your information with employees and service providers who need to see it. Their use of your information is limited by law and written agreements, where appropriate. Payments made online are protected using at least 128 bit SSL encryption.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our website. Any transmission of information is at your own risk.
How to correct personally identifiable information
To change personally identifiable information you will need to sign into your Online Payment account. After signing in you can access your personal profile through “My Profile,” and select “Edit.” You can then edit the fields as necessary. You may also send correction requests to your agent or broker.
Corrections will be completed within 30 business days of the request. If a change cannot be made we will send you a notice explaining why the correction will not be completed. You have the right to file a statement telling us what you think is correct and the reasons why you disagree with our refusal.
How to request recorded personally identifiable information
You may send a written request to your agent or broker asking for a copy of any recorded personal information. The request must describe the recorded personal information you are requesting. If we can reasonably locate and retrieve the recorded personal information it will be provided. We may not be able to provide information if it relates to investigations, claims, litigation or related matters. We may charge a reasonable fee to cover the costs in providing this record.
Cookies & web beacons
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at one of our sites. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
“Web beacons” or clear .gifs are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We may use web beacons on this site from time to time for this and other purposes.
Tracking
ICW Group may use common tracking technologies like browser cookies or analytical tools to enhance your overall customer experience. We may also collect non-personally identifiable demographic information (such as city/state location) about the visitors to our site. Beyond aggregate information regarding number of site visits, we do not track visitors to our sites. We do not have the necessary technology to respond to Web browser “do not track” signals or other, comparable mechanisms.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.
Collection of information by third-party sites
Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Visiting our service from outside the United States
The website is controlled and operated from the United States and is not intended to subject ICW Group to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country, or territory other than the United States.
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have offices or in which our third party service providers reside.
IF YOU ARE VISITING OUR SERVICE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE BE AWARE THAT YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO, STORED, AND PROCESSED IN THE UNITED STATES WHERE OUR SERVERS ARE LOCATED AND OUR CENTRAL DATABASE IS OPERATED. BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND AND CONSENT THAT YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO OUR FACILITIES AND THOSE THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM WE SHARE IT AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
By utilizing these services, you agree to have and abide by an appropriate Privacy Policy and to comply with all applicable laws, policies, and regulations relating to the collection of information that you provide to us.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement from time to time.
You may also request a copy by contacting your underwriter.
Last updated on January 1, 2020
State specific privacy policies
Privacy Policy for California Residents
Privacy Policy for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in our privacy policy and applies solely to those who reside in the State of California (referred to as, “consumers” or “you”). This notice serves to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act and other California privacy laws.
Personal information we collect
Within the last twelve (12) months, in the course of business, ICW Group has collected information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. This information is referred to as “Personal Information” and is categorized in the chart below.
Please note, personal information for the purposes of this privacy policy does not include that which is lawfully made public, deidentified, aggregated or the following:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. California or Federal Protected Classifications
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Yes
D. Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric Information
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other Electronic Network Activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation Data
Physical location or movements.
Yes
H. Sensory Data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Yes
I. Professional or employment-related information
Employment records
Yes
J. Non-Public Education information defined by FERPA.
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Yes
K. Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
Aggregated and/or Non-Personal Information – We may use and share non-personal, de-identified, pseudonymous, or aggregated information we collect under any of the above circumstances.
We may also share it with other third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our site and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see.
We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources.
We also may share aggregated, non-personal information, or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes.
Sources we collect from
We collect the personal information above from the following category of sources, either directly or indirectly:
Directly
Policy Applications
Insurance Claims
Correspondences
Transactions
Website
Indirectly
Agents or Brokers
Credit Bureaus
Other Insurance Companies
Government Agencies
Third Parties
Use of personal information
We use the personal information we collect about you for the following business purposes:
As permitted by law.
To inform you of and provide services and products to you that you request from us.
To fulfill the reason for which the personal information was provided.
To present our website and contents to you.
To notify you about changes to our website, policies, products or services.
Fraud detection and prevention.
Sale of personal information
In the preceding twelve (12) months ICW Group has not sold personal information.
Disclosure of personal information
ICW Group may share your personal information with third parties for a business purpose. In the past 12 months, ICW Group has shared the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Category C: California Protected Classifications
Category D: Commercial Information
Category F: Internet or other Electronic Network Activity
Category G: Geolocation Data
Category H: Sensory Data
Category I: Professional or employment-related information
Category K: Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above.
In the past 12 months, ICW Group has shared personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Affiliates for regulatory reasons.
Insurance agents or brokers.
Brokers, agents or other insurers to respond to your application for commercial business insurance.
Reinsurance companies or claims administrators.
Insurance regulators or law enforcement officials.
Lienholders, assignees, lessors, or other persons having a beneficial or legal interest in the policy.
Others to prevent fraud, respond to a subpoena or search warrant.
Companies that provide motor vehicle reports, credit reports or claims history.
Auto repair shops, medical providers or others providing services covered by your policy.
Contractors, service providers, and other third parties who require such information to support our business.
For commercial business we may share your applications with brokers, agents or other insurers to respond to your application for insurance.
Privacy rights for California residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) grants residents of the State of California specific rights in regards to the collection of their personal information. ICW Group may deny a request based on applicable exceptions under the law.
Right to know
The right to request a disclosure of the personal information we’ve collected about you within the preceding twelve (12) months, specifically:
The categories of personal information collected about you.
The category of sources your personal information was collected from.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting categories of personal information.
The categories of third parties your personal information was disclosed to.
The categories of personal information that was sold or disclosed, if any, for a business purpose.
The specific pieces of personal information collected about you.
Right to data portability
The right to request delivery of personal information we’ve collected about you in the preceding twelve (12) months.
Right to delete
The right to request the deletion of personal information we’ve collected about you from our records and the records of third parties we have shared the personal information with. If you elect to delete your data, we will remove all personally identifiable information relating to you from our records, unless otherwise permitted or required by applicable law.
However, we may retain deidentified, pseudonymized or aggregated copies of non-identifiable data sets for analytics purposes.
Non-discrimination
The right to be free from discrimination for exercising your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
ICW Group does not discriminate against California residents for exercising their rights under the CCPA by:
Denying you goods or services.
Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
How to exercise privacy rights
To exercise CCPA rights under this privacy policy, California Residents should submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 866.442.9477 Monday to Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PST
Submitting a request at icwgroup.com/ccpa
Submitting verifiable consumer requests
The verifiable consumer request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
To verify a consumer request, consumers will be asked to provide:
Consumer Contact Information
Authorized Agent Contact Information (if applicable)
Consumer’s Relationship with ICW Group (e.g. Policyholder, Claimant, Other, etc.).
Matching pieces of personal information maintained by the company in a signed declaration.
Written permission for an authorized agent to act on your behalf.
In response to requests, consumers will be asked to confirm more than one data point of personal information maintained by ICW Group to verify their identity. We cannot provide personal information to consumers if we cannot verify your identity or authorization to make the request.
Authorized agents
With the exception of a parent or guardian of a minor or authorized agents with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, consumers will be required to verify their own identity directly with the Company and provide written permission for an authorized agent to act on their behalf.
Frequency of requests
As permitted by law, ICW Group will respond to no more than two requests within a 12-month period.
Response timing and format
ICW Group will respond within forty-five (45) days of receipt of a verifiable consumer request. If additional time is needed to complete a request you will be notified in writing of an additional forty-five (45) day extension for a total of ninety (90) days. If we are unable to fulfill a request you will be notified in writing.
Costs
ICW Group will not charge a fee for responding or processing your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded, in which case a reasonable fee may be charged or the request may be refused. Consumers will be notified in advance of any costs related to their requests.
Contact us
For questions or comments about this privacy policy, please contact us at dataprivacy@icwgroup.com.
Changes to our Privacy Policy Notice
We may update this privacy statement from time to time.
For your convenience, a copy is available to print.
Effective: January 1, 2020.
Last updated on January 15, 2020.
About ICW Group
Contact ICW Group
Media Center
Awards
Company Overview
Executive Leadership Team
Image Library
Terms & Conditions of Use
News
Our Insurance Companies
Our Insurance Products
Mission & Values
Philanthropy
Suppliers
Legal Notice & Privacy Policy
Menu
Search for:
HomeAbout ICW GroupContact ICW GroupCareers at ICW GroupMake a PaymentWorkers’ Compensation
Claim Services for Workers’ CompensationCustomer TestimonialsMake a PaymentmyResourcePayroll ReportingPolicyholder CenterPrevent FraudSafety & Risk Management Services Back
Earthquake Insurance
Business InterruptionsClaim FAQsClaim Services for Earthquake InsurancePost CatastropheMake a PaymentReference Glossary Back
Explorer Auto Insurance
Claim Services for Explorer Auto InsuranceMake a Payment Back
Surety Services
Claim Services for SuretyMake a Payment Back
Agent & Broker Zone
Agent LoginBecome AppointedEarthquake Insurance: AgentsExplorer Auto Insurance: AgentsMake a PaymentSurety Services: AgentsWorkers’ Compensation Back
× Close Panel