http://www.astdesign.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies-policy
a|s|t marketing, design & consulting - Privacy & Cookies Policy
Home
Services:
Marketing Proposals
Web Design
Digital Marketing
Creative Design
About a|s|t
Case Studies
Blog
Contact a|s|t
T: 01424 813412
Home
Services:
Marketing Proposals
Web Design
Digital Marketing
Creative Design
About a|s|t
Case Studies
Blog
Contact a|s|t
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
a|s|t marketing, design and consulting takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes how and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. We may update this policy from time to time and shall indicate on the web site when changes have been made.
The Information we collect
The information we collect is clearly set out on the web page on which we collect it. See for example our contact page. In addition, we may collect your IP address and use cookies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them.
Why we collect it
We collect information about you so that we can personalise your use of the site, assist your use of the site and improve the site generally.
Who we disclose it to
In certain circumstances we may need to disclose information about you if you breach this privacy policy or if you breach the Terms and Conditions. We may also disclose or access your account if required to do so by law or by any Governmental body.
Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us and certain sections of the site may encrypt data using SSL or a comparable standard. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. As a result, whilst we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Accessing and updating your personal information
We will always let you have a copy of personal information we have about you, should you request it. You can get further information on how to do this by using our contact page.
Questions
If you have any questions or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please use our contact page. We will endeavour to respond to you promptly.
Cookies Policy
We use cookies on our website. By using our website you agree to this Policy and you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
About Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
There are two main kinds of cookies: “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies only last for the duration of users using the website and are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies outlast user sessions and remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on this Website
We use Session Cookies and Persistent Cookies on this website.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
to recognise your computer when you visit our website;
to improve the website’s usability;
to administer this website.
Generally, we use cookies to help us administer this website, to improve the website’s usability. We may also use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on-line.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Third Party Cookies
When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
Third party cookies may be used for the following purposes:
to track your browser across multiple websites;
to build a profile of your web surfing;
to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
In addition, we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information. Google's privacy policy is available at www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies.
This website cookies policy is based on a free document supplied by The Legal Stop Limited through its website www.thelegalstop.co.uk.
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
+44 (0)1424 813412
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies Policy