http://www.insureone.com/terms-of-use
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Your use of this website is expressly conditioned on your
acceptance of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any part of the
Terms of Use, you must not use this website. You must be at least 18 years of
age to use this website. By using this website, and by agreeing to these Terms
of Use, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
License to use website
Except where otherwise indicated, all materials contained in
this website are the copyrighted property of INSUREONE INSURANCE SERVICES AMERICA, LLC. (herein
after “INSURE ONE”), its affiliated
companies and/or third-party licensors. The INSURE ONE logo, all other service marks, and the names of various
products and services described within are service marks of INSURE ONE or its affiliates.
Except as expressly provided herein, you shall not use
any portion of this website, or any other intellectual property of INSURE ONE (including, but not limited
to INSURE ONE service marks), on any
other website, in the source code of any other website, or in any other printed
or electronic materials. Except as expressly provided herein, you shall not
modify, publish, reproduce, republish, create derivative works, copy, upload,
post, transmit, distribute, or otherwise use any of this website’s content or
frame this website within any other website without our prior written
permission. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to
create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database
or directory, without prior written permission from INSURE ONE, is prohibited.
You must not: Republish material from this website
(including republication on another website); Sell, rent or sub-license
material from the website; Show any material from the website in public;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a
commercial purpose; Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
Redistribute material from this.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or
may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or
accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal,
fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent
or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host,
transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or
is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke
logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data
collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data
extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without INSURE ONE’s express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send
unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use this website for any
purposes related to marketing without INSURE
ONE ’s express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. INSURE ONE reserves the right to
restrict access to certain areas of this website, or indeed this entire
website, at INSURE ONE ’s
discretion.
If INSURE ONE
provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted
areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the
user ID and password are kept confidential. In this event, INSURE ONE may disable your user ID and password in INSURE ONE ’s sole discretion without
notice or explanation.
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means
material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video
material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for
whatever purpose. User content excludes all information required for insurance
quotes specifically determined in INSURE
ONE’s Privacy Policy.
You grant to INSURE
ONE a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use,
reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any
existing or future media. You also grant to INSURE ONE the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to
bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must
not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving
rise to legal action whether against you or INSURE ONE or a third party (in each case under any applicable
law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that
is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings
or other similar complaint.
INSURE ONE
reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or
stored on INSURE ONE’s servers, or
hosted or published upon this website.
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any
representations or warranties, express or implied. INSURE ONE makes no representations or warranties in relation to
this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing
paragraph, INSURE ONE does not
warrant that: this website will be constantly available, or available at all;
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading;
or the products and services advertised on this website are available at all
times.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to
constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal,
financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
INSUREONE
INSURANCE SERVICES AMERICA, LLC.
By using this website you understand that INSUREONE INSURANCE SERVICES AMERICA, LLC.
is a licensed insurance agency licensed in California and other states. All
products and services advertised or referenced in this website are subject to
availability from insurance carriers not related to INSURE ONE, and rules and regulations of the different states where
INSURE ONE is licensed.
Limitations of liability
INSURE ONE
will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts
or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in
connection with, this website for any indirect, special or consequential loss;
or for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated
savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or
goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data. These limitations of
liability apply even if INSURE ONE
has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Disclaimer of warranty
The content and materials in this site are provided
“as is” and without representations or warranties of any kind, either
express or implied. To the fullest extent permitted by law, INSURE ONE expressly disclaims all
warranties, express or implied, with respect to this site including, but not
limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose and non-infringement. INSURE ONE
does not warrant or represent that the functions or operation of this site will
be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this
site, its servers or any e-mail sent from INSURE
ONE are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit
any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and
nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit INSURE ONE’s liability in respect of any: death or personal injury
caused by INSURE ONE’s negligence;
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of INSURE ONE or matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for INSURE ONE to exclude or limit, or to
attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and
limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable If
you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is
found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the
enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify INSURE
ONE and undertake to keep INSURE ONE
indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses
(including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by INSURE ONE
to a third party in settlement of a
claim or dispute on the advice of INSURE
ONE’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by INSURE ONE  arising out of
any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising
out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and
conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to INSURE
ONE’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these
terms and conditions in any way, INSURE
ONE may take such action as INSURE
ONE deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your
access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking
computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your
internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website
and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Third-party sites
This website contains links to other Internet website (“Third-party
Sites”) that are not maintained by INSURE
ONE. These links are provided solely for your convenience. INSURE ONE makes no warranties or
representations about the content of, any products or services offered by, or
the intellectual property compliance of, such Third-party Sites. We recommend
that you take the time to read the privacy policies and user agreements of
these sites.
Submitted ideas policy
When you submit ideas or materials to INSURE ONE (“Submissions”),
such as for marketing, advertising, promotions, contests, products, services,
devices, processes, trademarks, logos, artwork, music, photos, or videos, you
grant to INSURE ONE a perpetual, irrevocable,
world-wide, royalty-free right and license to use, modify, publish, disclose,
or exploit the Submission at INSURE ONE‘s
discretion.
Updates
INSURE ONE may
revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and
conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the
publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check
this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
INSURE ONE may
transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with INSURE ONE’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and
conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent. You may not
transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations
under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is
determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or
unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful
and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it
were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the
provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement / enforceability
These terms and conditions constitute the entire
agreement between you and INSURE ONE
in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements
in respect of your use of this website.
Should any provision of these Terms of Use be held
invalid, unlawful or for any reason unenforceable, then the invalid, unlawful
or unenforceable provision shall be severable from the remaining provisions.
Such invalid, unlawful or unenforceable provision shall not affect the validity
or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Privacy policy
Please review our Privacy Policy which also governs your visit to the website. The Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.www.insureone.com/privacy-policy/.
Law and jurisdiction
Use of this website shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to
any principles of conflicts of laws. Any dispute concerning this site shall be
subject to the exclusive venue of a court of competent jurisdiction in Los
Angeles, California.
Last Updated: January 2, 2018
Contact Us
Call for a Quote
Start a Quote
Get a Quick Quote
Type Of Insurance
AutoHomeownersCommercial/BusinessLifeEmployee Benefits
Zip Code
Start My Quote