http://www.adweld.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyHome Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Adlington Welding Supplies Limited (“Adlington Welding Supplies Ltd”/ “us”/ “we”/ “our”) adheres to the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and protects your individual privacy, and your rights to know any detail held.This policy is effective from 25th May 2018.Consent With your consent, initially, and annually updated, we will collate information on:Name and company nameContact information, including: email addressDemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsOther information relevant to our personal and business dealings on which we have your authority to retain What we do with the information we gather We require this information in order to simply contact you and provide an understanding of your demands and needs.In addition we will forward additional information which we feel may be relevant to you, or your business, which follows the consent as provided. SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Controlling your personal informationWe don’t pass any of your information on to any third party without prior consent.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.You may request details of all personal information which we hold about you which will be, as regulation stipulates, provided within 30 days of request.If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to our registered office address:Adlington Welding Supplies Limited, North Street Highfield Ind Est Chorley Lancashire PR7 1QDEmail: If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect, or incomplete, please write to us at the above address, or email us, as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
×Dive straight into the feedback!Login below and you can start commenting using your own user instantly