http://www.guitarhoo.com/privacy-policy
Guitarhoo.com Privacy Policy
Guitarhoo.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for this site: Guitarhoo.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
IP Logging
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Cookies
Guitarhoo.com may use “cookie” technology to enhance users’ online experience by making it easier for them to navigate through our pages or to make a feature work better. We do not extract information about individual users or their computers during this process.
Statistical Tracking
This website gathers broad statistics from its viewers computers such as, which browsers and operating systems are being used by the user. We use this information for analyzing the effectiveness of our website with respect to nagivation, design and overall interest by our viewers. No personally identifiable information is collected or shared by Guitarhoo.com.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Linked Content
This website contains links to other sites. Guitarhoo.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Advertisers, Sponsors and Webmasters
We require information from our advertisers and sponsors, including name, company name, billing address, email address and telephone number, so that we may properly set up and maintain their accounts, to ensure prompt response in the event of a broken link or banner, and to ensure validity of the account. We may, from time to time, send mail for quality control purposes or to ensure that we are fulfilling our responsibilities to the advertiser or sponsor with regard to the services offered.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
We hope you enjoy your visit with Guitarhoo!
Back to Guitarhoo! Home
Search
Search for:
Connect with Us
Copyright © 2002 - 2020 | Guitarhoo!