http://www.iba-worldwide.com/privacy-policy
IBA Proton Therapy | Privacy policy
Skip to main content
News & Media
Careers
Contact
Search
IBA
IBA group
Investor Relations
About IBA
Proton Therapy
Dosimetry
Radiopharma Solutions
Industrial & Sterilization Solutions
Toggle navigation
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
There are portions of this Web site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request. The information collected from you may include your name, address, telephone, fax number, or e-mail address.Use of Collected InformationDomain name information that we collect is not used to personally identify you and instead is aimed to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure the use of our site and to improve its content.When other information is collected from you, such as your name and e-mail address, we usally use it to respond to your inquiry or to process your request (such as to receive electronic announcement and communications. We may share the personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to provide services for us. These companies - our vendors - are contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide. We do not share, sell, or lease personal information about you to any third-parties for their marketing use. We will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud).If you register with one of IBA’s business units online, they may use this information to provide you with custom information about IBA’s offerings in support of your business needs.Use of Collected InformationIBA's Web site may contain links to other sites. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed by other sites.Security of Collected InformationWe maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. We restrict access to information about you to those IBA people who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request.Access to Collected InformationYou may review and update the information that you provide to us through this Web site by contacting us as described below.Contacting IBAIf you have any questions about this privacy policy, please use the Contact page on the Website. We welcome your questions and suggestions about our privacy policy.
IBA group
Proton therapy
Why proton therapy?
Medical facts
Our solutions
Why IBA?
Other solutions
Dosimetry
RadioPharma Solutions
Industrial & Sterilization
The IBA Group
Activities
Sustainability
Investor relations
Publications & reports
Governance
Legal informations
Contact Us
Career
News & Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Youtube
© IBA Worldwide 2020
Disclaimer
Privacy policy
Code of conduct
Dealing code
Made with
by MostWanted