http://www.panthersecurity.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Press enter to begin your search
Panther Security System Limited – Privacy Policy
Panther Security Systems Ltd treats the privacy of its customers and others with care and respect, and we take appropriate measures to safeguard their personal data (*). This notice explains how we collect, use, protect and share personal data.
This privacy policy sets out how Panther Security Systems Ltd uses and protects any information that you (the Customer) give to us. Panther Security Systems Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when you connect with us (via telephone, on-site survey, website, in-person or via E-Newsletter etc), then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy periodically by updating this statement. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What We May Collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including your residential address, your business address, telephone numbers and email address
The name and contact details of key-holders who act on your behalf
Other information relevant to customer surveys, installations, contracts and/or offers
Why We May Collect Your Data
To enable us to provide the service you have enquired about, subsequently contracted to accept or to enable us to contact you to provide assistance in managing your security system.
What We Do With The Information We Collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping/administration
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may use the information to provide Third Party external services relating to your security system such as response to activations bu the police, fire or rescue services as well as NSI (National Security Inspectorate) for the purposes of certification. The information practices of such other services are governed by their Third Party privacy statements. However, we are requesting these third parties to sign an agreement to protect our data and to only use it for the purposes intended.
Disclosure Of The Information
We will never share your personal data with any Third Party that intends to use it for their own purposes. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to a Third Party unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may disclose your personal information to a Third Party for the following reasons:
External services relating to your security system such as response to activations by the police, fire or rescue services as well as NSI (National Security Inspectorate) for the purposes of certification.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Panther Security Systems Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a Third Party, in which case personal data held by it about customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If are are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce our apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of Panther Security Systems Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is stored on your computer and allows websites to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (a ‘persistent cookie’). Cookies allow websites to, among other things, remember if you have logged in or not, remember your preferences and tailor your experience of the website.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to meet our customer’s needs and expectations. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and the data is not personally-identifiable.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you wish to share with us and the data provided by your browser.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer; however, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the functionality of a website.
To find out more about cookies, including how to control and disable them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. These include password protected computer screens, locked cabinets for hard copy documentation in our main filling system, intruder alarm and CCTV.
Links To Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Rights
At your request, you have the right to:
Access your personal information that we hold. We aim to provide this within two weeks of your written request. Note, we may require you to provide personal ID evidence.
Have your personal information rectified if there is an error.
Have your personal information erased should we no longer have a contractual relationship for service or maintenance.
Opt-out from receiving our communications.
If you choose to exercise any of your rights above, please send the details of what you require to Panther Security Systems Ltd, Unit 10, Peartree Centre, Colchester, Essex, CO3 0JN.
Controlling Your Personal Information
Your personal data will be removed 12 months after non renewal of any existing Maintenance Agreement or sooner should you make a specific request in writing. Any dead records (exceeding 12 months after non renewal) held prior to the GDPR date of the 28/5/2018 will also be destroyed/deleted. It is important to note that there are statutory requirements in place for all companies to retain some financial data for 6 years.
You may request details of your personal information, which we hold under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you believe that your personal data has been compromised, or you wish to raise a complaint, please write to us at the address above where we will investigate with the aim of providing an initial response to you within 5 working days.
If you are not satisfied with the way we deal with any complaint in relation to the use of your personal information you may be able to refer your complain to the relevant data protection regulator which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane Wilmslow, SK9 5AF, 0303 1231113 or at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/.
[*]Personal data means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, telephone number and email address.
MenuHome
About
Careers
Contact Us
Contact Us Phone: 01206 803559
Email: info@panthersecurity.co.uk
Finding Panther
Copyright Panther Security 2020. Developed by Forefront Digital.View our Privacy Policy.
Home
TBTMS
About Us
Who are Panther?
Customers and Scope
Meet the Team
Partnerships
Careers
Alarms
Domestic Alarm Systems
Commercial Alarm Systems
CCTV
Commercial CCTV
Domestic CCTV
School CCTV
Access Control
Service & Maintenance
Support/Videos
How-To Videos
Manuals & User Guides
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact
Contact Us
Book a Survey
Email
Call