http://www.dhtnet.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This statement discloses the online privacy practices for Diversified Heat Transfer (DHT) website (http://www.dhtnet.com) and describes our online information collection, use and storage practices. This policy applies only to information we collect online at this website, and not to any other information collection we may conduct at other DHT websites or offline. Please be sure to read this policy before using www.dhtnet.com, or submitting information to us. Our privacy practices may change from time to time, so please check this area periodically for corresponding updates to our policy.
What Information DHT Collects From You, How It Collects It, And Why
As with most websites, DHT tracks information in two ways. There is voluntary information that we request, and information that we track passively.
We (or our agents) actively solicit information from you in several ways, including, for example during sweepstakes registrations. We also solicit information from you at our contact page, where you can sign up for our mailing list to receive information about our products and services. In general, we collect e-mail address, street address, and telephone numbers, as well as certain demographic information that will help us provide you with better products. The information requested is necessary for us to process your specific request. We will indicate if any information requested is optional. If you decide not to provide us with the required information, we will be unable to process your request.
In order to properly maintain our site, we (like all sites on the Internet) passively track navigational information through, for example, use of cookies and by assigning Internet tags. These passive information tracking mechanisms are used to create log files, in which we record IP addresses, browser types, referring and exit pages, platform type, and other non-personally identifiable information that is useful for administering our website.
How DHT Uses Your Information
We use the information you provide to respond to your request (for example to enter you in a sweepstakes), to notify you about new features, products or services, to notify you of upcoming contests or sweepstakes, to customize your experience on our site, to improve our features, products and services, to send you surveys or questionnaires, and for other business purposes.
We use the information we collect from you passively during your visit to create better products and services, analyze trends, and to administer our site. For example, we use this information to determine which areas of our site are more popular, to determine fluctuation of visitor numbers from week to week, to diagnose problems with our server, and to improve your Web experience by determining the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site.
What Choices You Have About the Information You Have Provided To DHT
We strive to provide you with as many choices and as much control as possible regarding the personal information you have provided to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
You may also send us an e-mail message at dht@dhtnet.com, to request access to, to correct, or to delete any personal information that you have provided us. To protect your privacy, we will only respond to e-mail messages sent from the e-mail account you originally provided to us when purchasing product or registering for a sweepstakes. Should you elect to have your information deleted, we will also delete your user account.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us may also opt-out of receiving these communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in the e-mail they receive or by sending an e-mail to dht@dhtnet.com.
If you do not wish for us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of this site may not be accessible or function properly.
You should review this privacy policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use this site. Remember, by using any part of this site, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this privacy policy, your continued use of this site (following the posting of the revised policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised privacy policy.
How DHT Protects Your Information
DHT takes its responsibility to protect your personal information seriously. In addition to technical measures such as firewalls and SSL encryption when transferring your data, we have also implemented procedural protection measures to protect your privacy.
How You Can Contact DHT
Any questions or issues can always be addressed to DHT at: 439 Main Road, Rte. 202, Towaco, NJ 07082; or send an e-mail to dht@dhtnet.com.
NEWS
October 20, 2020
Latest Install: (2) STP Water Heaters at a mixed-use commercial building in the Bronx, NY.
View All News
SUPPORT
DHT Company Profile
Sales Order Terms and Conditions
Limited Warranty
REQUEST A QUOTE
Select the type of quote you need.
RESIDENTIAL
COMMERCIAL
INDUSTRIAL