https://www.gardco.com/aboutus.cfm#policies
Abrasion
Adhesion
Application
Color/Gloss
Density
Dispersion
Drum Handling
Drying Time/Gelation
Film Flaws
Film Thickness
Hardness
Impact & Flexibility
Lab Apparatus
Measuring Instruments
Moisture/Air/Temp.
Optical Instruments
pH & Conductivity
Publications
Surface Profile
Surface Tension
Viscosity
CONTACT
|
HISTORY
|
FAQ's
|
RETURNS
|
PRIVACY
|
WARRANTY
Contact Information
Phone Numbers:
Telephone: (954) 946-9454
Fax: (954) 946-9309
Mailing Address:
Paul N. Gardner Company
316 N.E. 1st Street
Pompano Beach, FL 33060-6608
Hours of Operation:
8:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M. by phone.
9:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. for on-site sales, unless by appointment.
Eastern Standard Time (Greenwich Mean Time -5)
Monday - Friday, except Holidays
Emails:
Sales/Quotes: ESales.BYK.PaulNGardner@altana.com
International Sales: ExportSales.BYK.PaulNGardner@altana.com
Repair Services: Service.BYK.PaulNGardner@altana.com
Advertising/Marketing: Sherri Thompson
Customer Service: Cheryl Wilson
Feedback/Suggestions:
Do you have any questions or comments about our services, website
or products? We would appreciate your input. Feedback helps us
better serve you. Click Here to email us.
Employment Opportunity:
Are you
interested in an employment opportunity with The Paul N. Gardner Company? You can email our Human Resources Generalist Beth.Tennant@altana.com. Please attach
a copy of your resume.
Directions:
Take I-95 to Atlantic Boulevard, proceed east. At the 2nd light past Dixie Highway turn left, then make first right. Our building is two blocks ahead on the right side of the street, at the corner of N.E. 4th Avenue and N.E. 1st Street.
Company History
The Paul N. Gardner Company, Inc. (GARDCO) has its origin with the alliance of pioneer paint chemist Dr. Henry Alfred Gardner, Sr., Director of the Institute of Paint and Varnish Research in Washington, D.C. and his son Paul Norris Gardner in 1935 and the subsequent incorporation of the Henry A. Gardner Laboratory in Bethesda, Maryland. After his father retired Paul was named President and later Board Chairman until 1964, when he decided to retire. Maintaining contact with the industry, Paul formed the Paul N. Gardner Company, Inc., for the distribution and import and export of scientific instruments and laboratory equipment. A short time later he relocated the business to Pompano Beach, Florida. After his passing in 1995, Paul N. Gardner, Jr. assumed the Presidency of GARDCO, and his sister, Sandra Gardner Bride, later joined the company as the Vice President.
On July 1, 2019 the Paul N. Gardner Company became a part of the Altana family, as we were acquired by the Byk-Gardner / Altana Group.
Many of the GARDCO employees have been with the company for 20-30 years, and share the same principals of Appreciation, Openness, Empowerment, and Trust that are a major part of Altana’s vision. We are excited to be a part of such a successful global corporation that shares the same core values and industry standards that has made the Gardner name synonymous with quality for physical testing equipment.
We are confident that our combined strengths will provide new and innovative solutions to improve quality testing worldwide.
FAQ's
Do you have any other locations/ distributors?
No. We sell direct from Pompano Beach Florida.
Are all of the products you carry on your website?
Yes. However we offer a mulitude of other products not listed. If there is something you cannot find please call us at (954) 946-9454. You can also email us at gardner@gardco.com.
I can't find the item I am looking for on your website, what should I do?
Give us a call at
(954) 946-9454. You can also email us at gardner@gardco.com and one of our sales representatives will be glad to help you find exactly what you need.
What is the relationship between Gardco and the Paul N. Gardner Company?
The Paul N. Gardner Company, Inc. is our official company name.
is our trade name.
How can I find a specific manufacturers product?
Visit our Suppliers Page to see a list of the manufacturers we distribute for. You can call us at
(954) 946-9454, or email us at gardner@gardco.com with any questions you may have about whose items we currently carry.
How is the weather down there in Florida?
Surprisingly we get this question a lot, here is our local weather.
How do I place an order?
Please see our How To Order page.
Is your Secure Payment Form a Shopping Cart?
No. The Secure Payment Form is for people who have been quoted on an item and want to purchase it by credit card online.
Can I still place an order if I have not received a quotation first?
Yes. If you have called for current pricing and want to place an order by credit card online you can use the Secure Payment Form. Please give a part number and a detailed description of the item you want to purchase.
How can I apply for credit?
You can do this simply by clicking on the Credit Application link and completing and faxing back the form.
Return Policy
All returns are subject to a 20% restocking charge plus shipping and handling fees unless the following applies:
The product is in its original packaging and has not been opened.
The buyer notifies Paul N. Gardner Company within 15 days that the wrong item(s) were ordered.
The product is returned within 30 days of invoice date and in like new condition.
There is an exception request approved in writing with the appropriate signature.
There is a manufacturer defect or recall.
There is a Paul N. Gardner Company shipping error.
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for gardco.com
Information Collection and Use
The Paul N. Gardner Company Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. The Paul N. Gardner Company Inc. collects information from our users at several different points on our website. We will not contact, mention or allude to any information from customer to customer.
Secure Order Form
We request information from the user on our Secure Order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Rapid Response Forms
We request information from the user on our
request form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address). This information is used to supply our product information to the customer. If we have trouble processing this request, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL (Secure Socket Layer). While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. To learn more about SSL, click here.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Warranty/Disclaimer
General Disclaimer
Although Paul N. Gardner Company, Inc. has attempted to provide accurate information on the website, the Paul N. Gardner Company, Inc. assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. The Paul N. Gardner Company, Inc. may change the programs or products mentioned at any time without notice. Mention of non-Gardco products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. The prices on the website are subject to change and are for domestic shipments within the US, Canada, and Mexico only. Export orders require quotations. Shipping and taxes are not included.
ALL INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.
Warranty
The Paul N. Gardner Company, Inc. warrants to the original buyer that the equipment, except that which is manufactured and warranted by others, shall be free of defects in workmanship or materials, providing that the seller's obligation under this warranty shall consist exclusively of repairing or replacing, free of charge, F.O.B., at its place of business, any item received prepaid at its place of business within ninety (90) days from the date of the item’s delivery to the buyer and determined by the Paul N. Gardner Company upon inspection to be defective. This warranty is nullified if there has not been proper maintenance of the equipment, if it has been damaged by the buyer or if it has been used for any purpose other than that intended. No other warranty, expressed or implied, as to description, quality, fitness for a particular purpose or any other matter is given. Under no circumstances shall the Paul N. Gardner Company be liable for loss of profits or any other direct or indirect cost, expenses, losses or damages arising or reported to have arisen out of the use of the equipment.
Equipment, machinery or supplies sold by the Paul N. Gardner Company but not proprietary thereto are warranted only to the extent that such equipment, machinery or supplies are warranted by the original manufacturer to the Paul N. Gardner Company.
Product specifications, instructions for use or any other product information contained herein or in related individual product leaflets, whether developed by the Paul N. Gardner Company or furnished by others, is believed to be accurate and is furnished for the education and ultimate benefit of the buyer but rights are reserved to change such specifications, instructions or information, without prior notice, if warranted by receipt of new product data. However, no warranty is expressed or implied regarding the accuracy of any of these presentations, the results to be obtained from the use thereof, or that any such use of information or the product will not infringe any patent or copyright or other such documents. The products and related information herein contained are furnished upon the condition that the person receiving or using it shall determine to his or her own satisfaction the suitability thereof for his particular purposes.
HAVE QUESTIONS?
954.946.9454
PREFER TO EMAIL?
gardner@gardco.com
FIND PRODUCTS
LEARN MORE
ORDERING INFO
ABOUT US
By Category
Email Registry
How to Order
Contact Info
By Industry
Trade Shows
Request
Quote
History
New Products
Test Lab Info
Order Form
FAQ's
Monthly Product
Articles/Links
Sales & Clearance
Policies
© 2020 Paul N. Gardner, a BYK Instruments Company | Contact | Policies