https://www.reithoffershows.com/privacy/
Privacy & Legal
Privacy Notice
Your privacy and security are our highest priority.Reithoffer Shows Inc. collects only the personal information necessary to provide enhanced services to our visitors. Personal data in our possession is maintained and used in ways that respect individual privacy. Reithoffer Shows Inc. educates employees about the importance of protecting personal information and consumer privacy, and only authorized employees have access to personal information.
Depending on the situation, we may collect the following information about visitors to our Web site:
the domain name, but not the e-mail address
the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail
aggregate information about which pages consumers access or visit
information volunteered by the consumer
This information is used only to improve the scope and content of the state services on the Internet.
Information Sharing
Reithoffer Shows Inc. will not provide, rent or sell personal information to third parties for marketing programs or any other purpose. State law restricts the use of personally identifiable information for commercial purposes.
General Use Restrictions
Reithoffer Shows Inc. holds all rights, titles, and interests in and to the materials on this site, which are the copyrighted work of Reithoffer Shows Inc. Reithoffer Shows Inc. grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use and display the materials only for purposes associated with your interaction with this Reithoffer Shows Inc. website. Except as stated herein, you have no right to copy, download, display, perform, reproduce, distribute, modify, edit, alter or enhance any of the materials in any manner. This limited license terminates automatically, without notice to you, if you breach any of these Terms. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. You have no right, title or interest (and no copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right) in or to the site or any materials and you agree not to frame mirror the site, any material contained on or accessible from this site on any other server or Internet-based device without the advanced written authorization of Reithoffer Shows Inc.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Reithoffer Shows Inc. does not warrant the accuracy or timeliness of the materials provided on this site. Reithoffer Shows Inc. has no liability for any errors or omissions in the materials, whether provided by Reithoffer Shows Inc. or third parties. Furthermore, the availability of products on this site may change without notice to you at any time in Reithoffer Shows Inc. sole discretion. This site is provided to you without any warranty. Reithoffer Shows Inc., for itself and any other third party providing materials, services, or content to this website, make no representations or warranties in connection with the site including, but not limited to, the quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of any material information, product, or service contained on the site. All conditions, representations and warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of third-party rights, are hereby disclaimed. Reithoffer Shows Inc. will not be liable to you or any third party for any damages of any kind including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages arising from or connected with the site including but not limited to, your use of this site or your inability to use the site, even if Reithoffer Shows Inc. has previously been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Trademarks
The Reithoffer Shows Inc. logo and all other products or services denoted with ® are trademarks, service marks or registered trademarks of Reithoffer Shows Inc. or other affiliated third parties. Use of such trademarks and service marks in connection with any product or service that is not a Reithoffer Shows Inc. product or service, or that of an affiliated third party, is prohibited. Links to Third Party sites or Links to other sites on the World Wide Web that are not under the control of or maintained by the Reithoffer Shows Inc. do not constitute an endorsement by Reithoffer Shows Inc. of any such sites. You acknowledge that Reithoffer Shows Inc. is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and you agree that Reithoffer Shows Inc. is not responsible for the content or links displayed on such sites.
Local Laws
Except where otherwise explicitly stated, all marketing or promotional materials found on this site are solely directed to individuals, companies or other entities located in the United States. If you use this site from outside the United States of America, you are entirely responsible for compliance with applicable local laws including, but not limited to, the export and import regulations.
Applicable Law
Any action related to these Terms will be governed by the law of the State of Florida, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of Florida, for the resolution of all disputes arising from or related to these Terms and/or your use of the site.
Unauthorized Activities
Submissions and unauthorized use of any materials contained on this site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, certain communications statutes and regulations and other applicable laws and regulations. You alone are responsible for your actions. As such, you shall indemnify and hold Reithoffer Shows Inc. and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and business partners harmless from and against any and all costs, damages, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred in relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand from a third party that your use of the site violates any applicable law or regulation, or the rights of any third party.
Terms of Use
Revisions: Reithoffer Shows Inc. may revise these Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting. Your continued use of the site after such modifications have been made will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms.
Contact Information
If you have questions or need further information about Reithoffer Shows Inc. legal statement, please e-mail contact@reithoffershows.com
What are you waiting for? Contact us: Booking
Employment
Contact Us
Download
Reithoffer Shows Mobile Application
This app available for android and apple phones.
Blue Unit:
Call Us: 813-422-0074
Orange Unit:
Call Us: 561-346-9662
© 2020 Reithoffer Shows Inc. All rights reserved.