https://www.bestweld.com/legal-notice/
Belled End SP-119 1996/2003/2010
Couplings
Elbows
Long Radius 45
Street Long Radius 45
Long Radius 90
Street Long Radius 90
Short Radius 90
Street Short Radius 90
Pipe Caps
Reducers
Concentric Reducer
Street Concentric Reducer
Eccentric Reducer
Tee
Reducing Tee
Straight Tee
Straight Thermowell Tee
Angle Thermowell Tee
Buttweld Class 200
Tee
Reducing Tee
Straight Tee
180 Return Bend
Pipe Cap
Elbows
Long Radius 45
Long Radius 90
Short Radius 90
Reducers
Concentric Reducer
Eccentric Reducer
Sleeve
Long Tangent & Ex. Long Tangent
L.T. Elbow
Reducers
L.T. Eccentric Reducer
L.T. Concentric Reducer
Tee
L.T. Reducing Tee
L.T. Straight Tee
Extra Long Tangent
Deck Drains & Other Product Categories
Specifications & Configurations
Navy & Maritime Deck Drains
Pharmaceutical Quality
Brewery Quality
Socket Weld Unions
Flanges
Insert Flanges
Spin Flanges
Repair Coupling
Products
Mission
Industries
Contact Us
Legal Notice
Bestweld’s Privacy Policy and Legal Notice.
Bestweld reserves the right to change it’s Legal Notice and/or it’s Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to it’s users. By using this site, users agree to Bestweld’s Legal Notice and Privacy Policy.
LEGAL NOTICE: Any images or information found on this site may not be republished, reproduced, redistributed or transmitted in any form without the prior written permission of the company. All images found on this site are either owned by Bestweld, are stock photos licensed to Bestweld, or are part of the public domain and are property of their respective owners.
Bestweld Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, to the information found on it’s website. Bestweld Inc. makes reasonable efforts to insure the information on its website is correct but cannot guarantee its accuracy. Users of Bestweld’s website use it at their own risk. Bestweld is not directly or indirectly liable for any damages and/or claims that may arise from the use of this website. Bestweld can not guarantee the safety or security of links to outside websites.
**United States Navy Photos are used on this site.**
Please Note: The use of United States forces (Navy, Coast Guard, Army, Air Force) imagery does not imply or constitute the endorsement of Bestweld, Bestweld’s products and/or views in any way by the United States (and any of it’s branches, including but not limited to: The United States Navy, Coast Guard, Army, and Air Force.)**
Photo credits: All stock photos are from 123RF.com and comply with the terms and conditions set forth in the digital media extended licensing agreement.
USCG Photo Credit: Petty Officer 2nd Class Patrick Kelley through the Defense Visual Information Distribution Service. The ships haul number and the letters “U.S.” have been removed along with distortion of the USCG seal in compliance with the Department of Defense’s Principles of Information for Visual Information.
U.S. Navy Photos: All U.S. Navy photos were provided through Navy.mil and comply with the Deparment of Defense’s Instruction 5410.20.
Publicity/Privacy Rights: pictures posted by Bestweld Inc., do not waive any publicity or privacy rights of any individuals portrayed.
Privacy Policy: Bestweld will not share personal information collected from users within this web site except when Bestweld is required by law, is complying with a request from local, state, or federal law enforcement officials, is responding to a judicial (or similar) proceeding and/or order, is investigating violation(s) (or suspected violation) of any law, ruling, or directive, is investigating fraud, persecution, threats of physical violence and/or intimidation, is investigating violation(s) of Bestweld’s Terms & Conditions, Legal Notice and/or Privacy Policy, is investigating any behavior that Bestweld views as improper. Bestweld may also transfer your personal information and data in the event of a transfer of Bestweld’s assets to any successor and/or third party. Bestweld takes reasonable precautions to protect the information it collects from loss or misuse but can not guarantee its security upon an error in transmission and/or as a result of acts committed by third parties that are not permitted by Bestweld. We reserve the right to track site usage information. Additionally, Bestweld may store some information (cookies) on your computer to personalize your experience at the web site.
Please contact our Support Team with any questions or concerns about Bestweld’s Privacy Policy or Legal Notice, we’ll be happy to help.
Contact Bestweld’s Support Team through our contact form here and choose: “I have a question or concern about your Privacy Policy or Legal Notice”
Homepage
Where Quality is Tradition Since 1981 Contact Bestweld
High pressure.
High temperature.
Severe corrosion applications.
40 Robinson Street
Pottstown, PA 19464
Tel: (610) 718 - 9700
Fax: (610) 718 - 9800
2020 © Bestweld, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright
Legal Notice
Terms & Conditions