http://www.weldwell.co.nz/detail/privacy
30 Mar 2020 Special COVID-19 Announcements - Click for the latest×
Home/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information that is Gathered from Visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
How information is Used
The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
Disclaimer
Acceptance of our Terms
By visiting the Weldwell website, viewing, accessing or otherwise using any of the services or information created, collected, compiled or submitted to Weldwell, you agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions of Service. If you do not want to be bound by our Terms your only option is not to visit, view or otherwise use the services of Weldwell. You understand, agree and acknowledge that these Terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and Weldwell and that your use of Weldwell shall indicate your conclusive acceptance of this agreement.
Provision of Services
You agree and acknowledge that Weldwell is entitled to modify, improve or discontinue any of its services at its sole discretion and without notice to you even if it may result in you being prevented from accessing any information contained in it. Furthermore, you agree and acknowledge that Weldwell is entitled to provide services to you through subsidiaries or affiliated entities.
Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that Weldwell may contain proprietary and confidential information including trademarks, service marks and patents protected by intellectual property laws and international intellectual property treaties. Weldwell authorises you to view and make a single copy of portions of its content for offline, personal, non-commercial use. Our content may not be sold, reproduced, or distributed without our written permission. Any third-party trademarks, service marks and logos are the property of their respective owners. Any further rights not specifically granted herein are reserved.
Submitted Content
When you submit content to Weldwell you simultaneously grant Weldwell an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free license to publish, display, modify, distribute and syndicate your content worldwide. You confirm and warrant that you have the required authority to grant the above license to Weldwell.
Termination of Agreement
The Terms of this agreement will continue to apply in perpetuity until terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason. Terms that are to continue in perpetuity shall be unaffected by the termination of this agreement.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand and agree that your use of Weldwell is entirely at your own risk and that our services are provided "As Is" and "As Available". Weldwell does not make any express or implied warranties, endorsements or representations whatsoever as to the operation of the Weldwell website, information, content, materials, or products. This shall include, but not be limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and warranties that access to or use of the service will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in the service will be corrected.
Limitation of Liability
You understand and agree that Weldwell and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall in no event be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages. This shall include, but not be limited to damages for loss of profits, business interruption, business reputation or goodwill, loss of programs or information or other intangible loss arising out of the use of or the inability to use the service, or information, or any permanent or temporary cessation of such service or access to information, or the deletion or corruption of any content or information, or the failure to store any content or information. The above limitation shall apply whether or not Weldwell has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of such damages. In jurisdictions where the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages is not allowed the liability of Weldwell is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
External Content
Weldwell may include hyperlinks to third-party content, advertising or websites. You acknowledge and agree that Weldwell is not responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products or resource available from such resources or websites.
Jurisdiction
You expressly understand and agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the country, state, province or territory determined solely by Weldwell to resolve any legal matter arising from this agreement or related to your use of Weldwell. If the court of law having jurisdiction, rules that any provision of the agreement is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms and the remaining Terms will continue to be valid.
Entire Agreement
You understand and agree that the above Terms constitute the entire general agreement between you and Weldwell. You may be subject to additional Terms and conditions when you use, purchase or access other services, affiliate services or third-party content or material.
Changes to the Terms
Weldwell reserves the right to modify these Terms from time to time at our sole discretion and without any notice. Changes to our Terms become effective on the date they are posted and your continued use of Weldwell after any changes to Terms will signify your agreement to be bound by them.
Connect with us
Subscribe to updates
Find us on:
How can we help?
Email
Speak to a Specialist
© 2020 Weldwell New Zealand. All rights reserved.
Close