http://www.coverall.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Coverall North America, Inc., recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy and security of visitors to the www.coverall.com website (“Site”) and any personal information provided to us or collected by us during visits to our Site. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we collect and/or use information submitted to us by visitors to our Site.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information from you upon request during your visit on our Site. You may be asked to enter personal information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address and/or phone number, via contact form, questions and/or inquiries, online surveys, feedback and other information you submit to us on our Site. You may visit our website anonymously or opt out of receiving targeted ads served by advertising companies, or control the targeted ads you receive and how your data is used.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the personal information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us better respond to your interests.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on your information and feedback.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to customer service requests and support needs.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Interest-Based Advertising:
By visiting the Coverall website, third parties (such as AdRoll, Google Adwords, remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising, and DoubleClick) may place third-party tracking cookies and/or tracking pixels on your browser. Cookies are small data files placed and stored on your device or in your browser for the purpose of operating and personalizing the Site and may be used to track how you use our Site for the purpose of targeting ads to you on other websites.
Ad Delivery and Reporting:
These third parties, in the course of serving advertising and other such materials, may collect information regarding your use of Coverall.com using methods that may include automatic data collection, and may use this information to present advertisements or other content that may be of interest to you on Coverall.com and other websites. Collection, use, disclosure and security of information collected by third parties are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties.
Google Analytics Advertising features:
We use a specific cookie to facilitate the use of Google Analytics to track and analyze the pages of the Site you visit. We do this to better understand how you use our Site and help improve the online experience for visitors. Google Analytics cookies do not provide us with personal information.
Opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Opt out of Interest-Based Advertising:
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or third parties. If you would like to learn more about opting out of interest-based advertising, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/.
Children’s Online Privacy:
Our Site, products and services are not intended for use, nor does our Site collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Your Consent:
Use of this site is considered consent to the terms of the Policy.
Changes to the Policy:
We reserve the right to make changes to the Policy. Any changes will be evident by updating the modification date below.
The Policy was last modified on 01/19/2016.
If you have any questions about the Policy, please contact our Legal Department:
Coverall North America, Inc.
350 SW 12th Ave
Deerfield Beach, FL 33442
(800) 537-3371