http://www.gadsby.co.uk/82/cookie-policy
Trade OnlyNo minimum orderFree delivery over Â£150Next day delivery
Information
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Definitions
Cookie
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Necessary / Essential Cookie
These cookies enable the core functionality of the Gadsby Ltd website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Analytical Cookies
Analytical Cookies help us improve our website or the development projects that are hosted or powered by us by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Other Non Essential Cookies
From time to time third party tools will be placed on our website or those of our clients at their expressed permission. Details of these cookies will always be declared in the policy below however these cookies will be for non-essential purposes such as those set by multimedia platforms Youtube, Vimeo, to track usage or additional marketing tools that allow the delivery of our service via automation such as MailChimp or PipeDrive.
Cookies
Cookies have been under regulation since 2011 and currently form part of the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations (PECR). It is required under this regulation and that of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that Gadsby Ltd transparently display and list all cookies in use, their reason for use and the data they store in an easy to read format and provide the functionality or instruction to allow visitors to consent or remove consent for their use.
Cookies in use on the Gadsby Ltd website (www.gadsby.co.uk)
Cookie
Name
Purpose
PHP Session ID
PHPSESSID
Essential Preserves user session state across multiple page requests
Analytics (Google)
_utm.gif
_utma
_utmb
_utmt
_utmz
ads/user-lists/#
IDE
r/collect
test_cookie
Analytical ?Google Analytics
collects a unique ID against our
visitors storing information on the
pages they visit, how long they
spend there, the devices they
operate and how they interact with
the website. Additionally this will store the results of any adwords
base campaign that we run to
measure statistics such as
success.
JSESSIONID (New Relic)
nr-data.net
Essential - Preserves users across multiple page requests, Unique identifier stored by our server monitoring software allowing us to track page load times and application failures that occur on page.
HotJar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out opt-out link.
Consent
As part of the usage of this website we have placed the above cookies on your device to help make this website better. You can use the advice below to change your cookie settings otherwise we’ll assume that you agree with our use of policy.
Withdrawing consent
Gadsby have committed to adding in a control centre within our website that allows you to pick which groups and cookies you approve for use with the website, Until then most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Our website uses cookies to help us provide you with the best experience we can. To learn more about how we use these cookies, please see our Cookie Policy. You can manage your preferences via your browser at anytime.
Cookie Settings
Analytical
ActiveInactive
Non-essential
ActiveInactive
Accept and close
i