http://www.acumen.com/privacy-shield
The Culture Quick-Start Program
Workshop Calendar
United States
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Finland
France
Germany
Hungary
India
New Zealand
Romania
Serbia
South Korea
Switzerland
The Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States
Contact Us
Menu
Change Solutions
Organization Development
Assessments
Leadership & Management Development
Assessments
Simulations
Group & Team Development
Assessments
Team-Building Simulations
Individual Development
Assessments
Culture Challenges
Pandemic (Crisis Management)
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Merger Integration
Culture and Climate Change
Full Product List
Working With Us
Coaching & Consulting
Global Change Circle™
Why Work With Us?
Accreditation
Becoming Accredited
Accreditation Workshops
Culture Workshop
Impact Workshop
Styles Workshop
Workshop Calendar
About Us
The Circumplex
Integrated Diagnostic System
How Culture Works
Our History
Our People
Careers
Our Partners
Locations
Contact Us
Resources
Case Studies & White Papers
News & Events
Videos
Webinars
Research & Publications
Books
Ultimate Culture Conference
Blogs
Constructive Culture Blog
Culture University Blog
Shop
View Cart
My Account
All Products
Survival Simulation Series
Business Simulation Series
Challenge Simulation Series
Safety Simulation Series
Observer's Guides
Books
Home/ Change Solutions/ Leadership & Management Development/ Assessments/ ACUMEN Leadership WorkStyles
Leaders/Managers Menu
› Leaders/Managers Overview
› Diagnostic Tools
› Leadership/Impact
› Management/Impact
› Life Styles Inventory
› Management Effectiveness Profile System
› Accreditation
ACUMEN® Leadership WorkStyles™
Research and development by The Acumen Development Team on the basis of research by Peter D. Gratzinger, Ph.D. and Robert A. Cooke, Ph.D.
The ACUMEN Leadership WorkStyles (LWS) assessment is a 360 degree feedback and development tool that helps leaders strengthen their thinking and behavioral styles that promote effectiveness while moderating limitations that prevent them from realizing their potential.
Building on the Life Styles Inventory™ (LSI), LWS focuses on combinations of the 12 Circumplex styles and the way they interact to provide leadership feedback on strengths and counterproductive tendencies. It provides those in charge with a highly personalized narrative report on the implications of their styles for task accomplishment and teamwork, as well as suggestions for improving communication and project leadership.
The Benefits
LWS helps executives, managers, and leaders who would like to develop and grow to realize their full potential. It’s particularly useful for:
providing insights into personal leadership styles
showing how those styles combine to shape their leadership performance
developing leaders’ capacity to monitor and modify their behavior
offering feedback to leaders to help them develop into positions of greater responsibilities
improve teamwork and leadership abilities to enhance organizational effectiveness
The ACUMEN LWS assessment can be facilitated by individuals accredited in its use, or a Human Synergistics consultant can work with you to build a custom development program for your organization or the organizations you support. Contact us to talk to an expert.
How it works
LWS gathers feedback on each leader via two components:
The LWS Self-Description Inventory is completed by each participant and measures
his or her own perception of the thinking and behavioral styles that impact a manager’s ability to lead.
The LWS Description-by-Others Inventory is completed by individuals with whom the leader works to provide insight into how others view the leader’s effectiveness.
Results are presented in a detailed report that draws from a large database of leader behavior and describes the effectiveness of the leader’s own behavioral patterns. The report includes a visual profile to graphically illustrate the leader’s behavior along such styles as Self-Actualizing, Approval, and Competitive.
The LWS surveys are available online on as well as in hard copy format.
Complementary tools
LWS can be combined with the Coach — Co-Achieving team exercise to teach leaders how to apply Achievement-oriented thinking to effectively coach others and improve performance.
Make LWS part of your drive for change
LWS is best applied by people who’ve been trained to use it. We offer two options:
A trained and experienced Human Synergistics consultant can help you use LWS and develop truly effective and influential leaders. Simply contact us to find a consultant who’s right for you.
You can ‘do it yourself’ by arranging LWS accreditation for one or more of your team members. This will ensure they have the skills to administer LWS and implement meaningful leadership-development strategies. To get started, register for an upcoming accreditation workshop.
If you would like to know more about the ACUMEN LSW assessment, or any of our wide range of offerings, get in touch and we will be happy to assist you.
Contact us
Leaders/Managers
› Leaders/Managers Overview
› Assessments
› Leadership/Impact®
› Management/Impact®
› Life Styles Inventory™
› Management Effectiveness Profile System™
› ACUMEN® Leadership WorkStyles™
› Simulations
› Coach – Co-Achieving
› Accreditation
› Coaching & Consulting
› Leadership Team Effectiveness Program
Workshop
The next virtual Styles Workshop is coming up. Click here to reserve your spot now!
Research
LWS Research
Downloads
Download Product Information Sheet - PDF, 304 KB
Download LWS Methods and Validity Report - PDF, 708 KB
Change Solutions
Language Availability
Learn more
Change Solutions
Language Availability
Our assessments and simulations are available in more than 30 languages for use across the globe.
Change Solutions
Organizations
Learn more
Change Solutions
Organizations
Build a culture that inspires innovation, better customer service, and sustainable performance.
Individuals
Assessments
Groups & Teams
Assessments
Simulations
Leaders & Managers
Assessments
Organizations
Assessments
Consulting
Accreditation
Get in Touch
Our friendly, knowledgeable team is available to answer your questions.
800.622.7584 (US Only)
847.590.0995
Contact Us
Get the Latest News
Sign up to receive the latest on all things culture and leadership.
Subscribe
Connect
Workshop Calendar
Accredited Login
Case Studies
Contact Us
© 2019 Human Synergistics International. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield
Returns & Conditions