http://www.spraytanning.com.au/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home
Shop
Toggle Shop sublinks
Tanning Shop
Tanning Solutions
Toggle Tanning Solutions sublinks
Black Magic Original
Green Base Vibe
Vibe Violet Base
Argan Violet Base
Brown Base
Chocolate Base
Caramel Base
Super Natural
2 Hour Rapid Tans
4 - 6 Hour Classic Tans
8 Hour Classic Tans
Spray Tan Samples
Hand Sanitizer
Competition Tanning
Toggle Competition Tanning sublinks
Muscle tan
Buy Competition Tanning
How to Comp Tan
Gallery
Muscle Tan Testimonials
Spray Tan Additives
Equipment
Toggle Equipment sublinks
Spray Tanning Machines
Spray Tanning Kits
Extraction Units
Spray Tanning Tents
Spray Guns, Filters and Parts
Factory seconds
Black Magic Tan Online Training
Start a Spray Tan Business
Contact
Log in
Create account
Search again
Black Magic values their relationship with you and all other users of this website. We recognize that you may be concerned about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personally identifiable information that we may collect when you use the Web Site. Accordingly, we have implemented this Privacy Policy to inform you of the information that we collect from you, how we collect this information, and what we do with it after we collect it. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: info@spraytanning.com.au
Black Magic’s Commitment to Online Security
Your personal information is treated with the greatest of care. Sensitive payment information such as credit card details are never stored on the Internet with our system. Once you type your information, it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our order processing system. We employ the latest in encryption technology in all areas of the site which require you to provide payment information. This is done to protect you from unauthorized use of the information you are sending to our server. This website is registered with site identification authorities to enable your browser to confirm our security identity before any transmission is sent. With this technology, the identity of this site is automatically confirmed behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any sensitive information requested to complete an online order and ensures that your data reaches your intended target or your browser notifies you that the potential receiving site looks suspicious and should be avoided.
Physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. The Black Magic website encrypts sensitive information wherever Black Magic requests it. Black Magic employs a third party to monitor the security of our web servers to alert us to any weaknesses before hackers find them.  Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Email Subscription
All our marketing emails contain a link to unsubscribe. You will not receive marketing emails from us again if you choose to unsubscribe. In order to make our emails more relevant and useful to you, our servers may receive a confirmation when you open email from us.
Being Included In And Removed From Our Marketing Emails, Including Newsletters
You will be included in our email mailing list (which include special offers, competitions, new product arrival alerts and other communications related to our services or the products we offer) if you subscribe to our newsletters or if you make a purchase from us or if you have requested that we notify you of an items expected arrival and we expect to receive other items that are similar or complementary. You will not be included in any of our mailing lists if you communicate with us for any other reasons. Every marketing email we send has an unsubscribe option, which will always be clear and easy to locate, and will also include your email address that is subscribed. You may unsubscribe from any mailing list whenever you wish and you will be immediately removed as per your request. You also have the option of emailing info@spraytanning.com.au and a member of our Customer Service Team will unsubscribe you if you provide them with the email address that is subscribed.
Blog
If you use the blog application on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Black Magic is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@spraytanning.com.au . In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Personal Information That Black Magic May Collect Online
In order to make a purchase on the Site or to create a Black Magic account online, Black Magic collects personal contact information online such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers and personal billing/financial information such as credit card information and billing address. Black Magic may also collect business information from sole proprietorships that apply for membership and for program participation, some of which could constitute personal information, as well as personal information from individuals acting solely in their business capacity.
Access To Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may request that your web site account be deactivated by emailing our Customer Service team at info@spraytanning.com.au or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@spraytanning.com.au . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.