http://www.ronfordbaker.co.uk/privacy-policy/
The website at www.ronfordbaker.co.uk (“the Website”) is operated by Ronford-Baker, a company limited by guarantee which is registered in England with a registered address at Unit 5, Kingley Park, Station Road, Kings Langley, Hertfordshire, WD4 8GW England (“we” or “us”). Your company Ltd will be what’s known as the ‘controller’ of the personal data you provide to us.
Data that We Collect
We only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special types of information or location-based information. This does, however, include the following information when you send an e-mail to us, purchase from us or contact us through the Website: your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, how you heard about us and the particular details of your enquiry. We use this information to respond to your enquiry/purchase a product, to send you information about us or the Website and if you have any queries.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our website you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Interest-Based Online Advertising and Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics a 3rd party audience data such as age, gender, and interests to better understand the behaviour of our customers and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on our ads, which helps track and manage the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.This uses Cookies to analyze user activity in order to improve the Website. We store analytics data for 4 years.
We also use Google Analytics for remarketing,
You can opt out of this by using the following tool provided by Google – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ or http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Why we need your data
We need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with the product you purchased in line with this overall contract. We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to provide and oversee this service to you.
What we do with your data
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff and Chaplin Multimedia (Design Agency) in the UK however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the European Union. No other 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so.
How long we keep your data
We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed. Your information we use for marketing purposes will be kept with us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
What we would also like to do with your data
We would, however, like to use your name and email address to inform you of future offers and similar products. This information is not shared with 3rd parties and you can unsubscribe at any time via email or website. If you would prefer not to receive particular information, please inform us of this by sending an email to info@ronfordbaker.co.uk.
What are your rights
If at any point you believe the information we process is incorrect you can request to see this information and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we handled your personal data, you can contact us to have the matter investigated. Email info@ronfordbaker.co.uk
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk
Changes
Any material changes to the way in which we use your data will be described in future versions of this privacy policy. Each time you enter the Website, you agree that the privacy policy current at that time shall apply to all information which we hold about you.
Consent
By using the Website, you consent to our use of your information as set out in this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy.
by