https://www.indeed.com/legal/ccpa-dns
Skip to main contentIndeed HomeFind jobsCompany ReviewsFind salariesUpload your resumeSign inEmployers / Post JobSkip to main contentIndeed HomeSign inFind jobsCompany ReviewsFind salariesEmployersChange countryHelp Center
California’s new “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” right and what it means for California residents who use Indeed
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) aims to provide California residents a host of new rights, among them the ability to prevent companies from “selling” their personal information.
“Selling” data and what it means
A common understanding of “selling” information is that it involves a company taking information it has learned about you and exchanging that information with an unrelated third party for money, who will then use that data for a new purpose that you did not intend. Indeed never does this with your information.
We use our users’ information in order to help people get jobs. However, the CCPA has a much broader definition of “sell” than this. Indeed strives to live up to the law, and your wishes, as it relates to this right.
What Indeed does that may fall under this definition
This list is not meant to be exclusive but shows examples of what our products do.  We say “may” fall under the definition of “selling” data because the CCPA is new and these issues are not yet resolved.
We display your public resume to employers and recruiters.
We recommend your public resume to employers and recruiters.
We allow third-party cookies to help employers measure job listing performance and to optimize our online advertising.
We share data with our affiliates as described in our Privacy Center (https://hrtechprivacy.com).
What Indeed does not do
We don’t sell data to data brokers.
We don’t exchange information about you with a third party for money.
Reasons Indeed “sells” or “transfers” your data
Each reason below is inherent in our mission to help you find jobs. For example, when we show a public resume to an employer, it is because a person looking for a job has made their resume public in order to show themself to an employer.
Showing public resumes to employers is how we help people who have made their resume public get jobs.
Allowing employers to measure job listing performance helps drive more jobs to the people who want those jobs.
Sharing data with our Indeed affiliates allows people looking for jobs to access more job listings and employers, and for employers to access more people looking for jobs, as well as providing improved security for our users.
Opting out of data “selling”
A request to not “sell” or “transfer” your information to an employer prohibits us from providing our services to you. In order to opt out, you can request that we delete your account and personal data.
Ways to opt out
Request to have your data deleted through this personal data request form
Call our designated toll-free telephone number for CCPA requests: 800-616-6535.
By submitting this request, you are declaring that you are a California resident taking advantage of your rights under CCPA. Once your data is deleted, Indeed will be unable to transfer it.
Frequently asked questions
Why am I being asked to delete data and my account?
How we transfer data is integral to our core products and services that help job seekers find great jobs, and employers find great candidates. At this time, we are not able to provide our core products and services without these transfers. However, you can still use Indeed to find and apply to jobs to the extent that you wish.
Can I still use Indeed after deleting my account?
If you submit the request to opt out and delete your account, you will still be able to access all of the services we offer on our site that do not require us to collect and transfer your email address. You may always register a new account or sign up to receive job alerts, but you will be required to use a different email address.
Is it possible these practices will change?
Indeed is carefully watching the State of California and its Attorney General for any new interpretations of the CCPA. If we feel it is proper to transfer the user data as our products are designed to do, we will revisit this issue. Our mission remains to help you get jobs in the manner that you wish.