http://www.cfss.com/privacy-policy
About
Who We Are
What We Believe
Our Approach
Executive Leadership
Services
Events
Careers
Locations
Crisis Support
Contact
Privacy PolicyProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the cfss.com and Child & Family Support Services, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Child & Family Support Services, Inc. include cfss.com and CFSS. The CFSS website (CFSS.com) is a Social Services/ Mental Health Services site, containing information, services and products relating to mental health, social services, and other human services. CFSS.com provides information about human services, interpersonal relationships, and a variety of other mental health topics. By using the CFSS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.Collection of your Personal InformationCFSS may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, email and/or phone number. If you purchase CFSS’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. CFSS may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your age, gender, household income and Eligibility for Federal or State Entitlement Programs. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by CFSS. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the CFSS website.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through CFSS’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.CFSS encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from CFSS so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. CFSS is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the CFSS website.Use of your Personal InformationCFSS collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.CFSS may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from CFSS and its affiliates. CFSS may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.CFSS does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.CFSS may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. CFSS may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CFSS, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.CFSS may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within CFSS, in order to determine what CFSS services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within CFSS to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.CFSS will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on CFSS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CFSS; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of CFSS, or the public.Use of CookiesThe CFSS website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize CFSS pages, or register with CFSS site or services, a cookie helps CFSS to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same CFSS website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the CFSS features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the CFSS services or websites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationTo secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, CFSS uses the following:When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.Children Under AGE ThirteenCFSS collects personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. CFSS collects this information for the following reason(s): We offer behavioral health services for the entire family, including children. Parents or guardians may choose to provide information about their minor children when seeking a consultation, enrolling in or inquiring about services..If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. If you are a parent and you have questions regarding our data collection practices, please contact us using the information provided at the end of this Statement of Privacy.Opt-Out & UnsubscribeWe respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from CFSS by contacting us here:– Web page: cfss.com– Online: Via our Contact page– Phone: 480-635-9944Changes to this StatementCFSS will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. CFSS encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how CFSS is protecting your information.Contact InformationCFSS welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that CFSS has not adhered to this Statement, please contact CFSS at:Child & Family Support Services, Inc.10439 S. 51st Street, Suite 100Phoenix, Arizona 85044Online: Via our Contact pageTelephone number:480-635-9944Effective as of August 03, 2016Last updated November 10, 2017