http://www.spoonexhibits.com/privacy-policy
EXPAND
Pre-Event MarketingAssociation MarketingExhibit ProgramsEvent ProgramsPost-Event Marketing
Step # 1
Introduce your brand, participation and objectives for the upcoming event.
Create early interest and buzz
Employ destination strategies for your exhibits & events
Develop focused touch points for re-enforcement
Identify target VIP event participants
read more
Step # 2
Promote your brand, expand exposure and leverage target audience attention.
Utilize on-site media and press
Promote market expertise through speakers
Take advantage of sponsorships with your  integrated theme
Apply for awards
read more
Step # 3
Create a dynamic environment that attendees will want to visit.
Employ multi-tier branding
Execute the promise
Conduct business
Display products and messages creatively
Engage attendees and identify your VIP’s for event participation
read more
Step # 4
Experience the value from executing a fully integrated event.
Extend the promise and execute the theme
Create a private space with the integrated marketing messages
Turn conversations into relationships
Leverage high touch point conversations into future meetings
Deliver a non-threatening environment
read more
Step # 5
Extend the success and measure the results.
Execute pre-employed integrated marketing techniques that extend the connection
Deliver results that last
Measure successes and expand opportunities
Build future integrated program personality
read more
Close
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 2/3/2012
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.spoonevents.com
1260 Research Forest Drive
Macedon, New York 14502
United States
info@spoonevents.com
585-442-1740