http://www.ccnow.com/terms-of-sale
Home/
CCNow Terms of Sale
VERSION DATE: January 1, 2013
1. TERMS OF SALE
1.1 SCOPE & APPLICATION
THESE TERMS OF SALE ("TERMS") APPLY TO ALL OFFERS, SALES AND PURCHASES OF PRODUCTS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, HARDWARE AND/OR SOFTWARE) ("PRODUCTS") OR SERVICES ("SERVICES") WHICH ARE SOLD THROUGH THE WEBSITE ON WHICH WE POST THESE CONDITIONS ("SITE") BY: (A) US, CCNOW (REFERENCES TO "US", "WE" OR "OUR" BEING CONSTRUED ACCORDINGLY) THE SELLER, TO (B) YOU, THE PURCHASER (REFERENCES TO "YOU" OR "YOUR" BEING CONSTRUED ACCORDINGLY).
1.2 REFUND POLICY AND CANCELLATION POLICY
ALL PURCHASES ARE FINAL, NON-CANCELABLE AND NON-REFUNDABLE, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE RETURNS POLICY.
2. OFFER, ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE
2.1 Any prices, quotations and descriptions made or referred to on this Site are subject to availability, do not constitute an offer and may be withdrawn or revised at any time prior to our express acceptance of your order (as described below).
2.2 While we make every effort to ensure that items appearing on the Site are available, we cannot guarantee that all items are in stock or immediately available when you submit your order. We may reject your order (without liability) if we are unable to process or fulfill it. If this is the case, we will refund any prior payment that you have made for that item.
2.3 An order submitted by you constitutes an offer by you to us to purchase Products or Services on these Terms and is subject to our subsequent acceptance.
2.4 Prior to such acceptance, an automatic e-mail acknowledgement of your order may be generated. Please note that any such automatic acknowledgement does not constitute a formal acceptance of your order.
2.5 Our acceptance of your order takes effect and the contract concluded at the point where such offer is expressly accepted by us dispatching your order/commencing Services and accepting your credit card or other payment ("Acceptance").
2.6 We may keep records of orders received, acknowledgements, acceptances and other contract records for a reasonable period after Acceptance. We may be able to provide you with copies on written request; however you must make sure you print a copy of all such documents and these Terms for your own records.
3. YOUR REPRESENTATIONS
3.1 You represent that information provided by you when placing your order is up-to-date materially accurate and is sufficient for us to fulfill your order.
3.2 You are responsible for maintaining and promptly updating your account information with us for accuracy and completeness and keeping such information (and any passwords given to you for the purposes of accessing the Site and/or purchasing Products) secure against unauthorized access.
3.3 Unless agreed otherwise or required by applicable law, any warranties provided in relation to Products or Services only extend to you on the understanding that you are a user and not a reseller of those Products or Services.
3.4 No warranty, commitment or any other obligation should ever be assumed by you on our behalf or on behalf of a Product manufacturer, licensor or supplier without our express prior written consent.
4. PRICE AND TERMS OF PAYMENT
(NOTE: WE CANNOT CONFIRM PRICES PRIOR TO ACCEPTANCE OF YOUR ORDER)
4.1 Prices payable for Products or Services are those in effect at the time of dispatch or delivery, unless otherwise expressly agreed. Prices may be indicated on the Site or an order acknowledgement but the authoritative price in the event of any discrepancy, is the price that is notified to you on our Acceptance.
4.2 We have the right at any time prior to our Acceptance to withdraw any discount and/or to revise prices to take into account increases in costs including (without limitation) costs of any materials, carriage, labor or the increase or imposition of any tax, duty or other levy and any variation in exchange rates. We also reserve the right to notify you of any mistakes in Product descriptions or errors in pricing prior to product dispatch. In such event if you choose to continue with fulfillment of the order, you acknowledge that the Product or Service will be provided in accordance with such revised description or corrected price.
4.3 The places that we deliver to are listed on the Site ("Territory"). Unless otherwise specified, prices quoted are
4.3.1 exclusive of the costs of shipping or carriage to the agreed place of delivery within the Territory (charges for which are stated on the Site); and
4.3.2 exclusive of VAT and any other tax or duty which (where applicable) must be added to the price payable; You agree to pay for taxes, shipping or carriage of Products as such costs are specified by us on the Site when you submit your purchase order.
4.4 Payment shall be made prior to delivery and by such methods as are indicated on the Site (and not by any other means unless we have given our prior agreement).
4.5 Except as expressly provided elsewhere in these Terms or the Site, payment may be taken in full notwithstanding any claim for short delivery or defects.
4.6 We will charge credit or debit cards on dispatch of the Product or commencement of Services. We reserve the right to verify credit or debit card payments prior to Acceptance.
4.7 Where the payment is invoiced, each invoice shall be due on and made in full within thirty (30) days of the date of relevant invoice. If at any time you fail to pay any amount due on the relevant due date, we may by notice declare all invoiced amounts unpaid at that date to be immediately due and payable.
Certain card issuing banks may charge you an "International Service Fee" regardless of whether or not a currency conversion is involved. This will appear on your card statement as a separate line item, such as "INTL Service Fee", "International Transaction Fee", "International Service Fee",
"Foreign Transaction Fee", "Foreign Merchant Fee",
"Foreign Transaction Charge", "Cross-border Assessment", or "International Service Assessment".
It is important to note that even if CCNow made the charge in the currency of your country and card account (such as USD) your issuing bank may still charge you this fee. This additional charge is NOT made by CCNow or its acquiring banks, but is made entirely at the discretion of your card issuing bank.
4.8 No counterclaim or set-off may be deducted from any payment due without our written consent. We may also take action against you for the price of Products at any time after payment has become due even though property in those Products may not yet have passed to you.
4.9 Any extension of credit allowed to you may be changed or withdrawn at any time. Interest shall be chargeable on overdue amounts accruing on a daily basis at the maximum amount permitted under applicable law from the due date for payment until our receipt of the full amount (whether before or after judgment). You shall indemnify us on demand against any out of pocket expenses incurred in relation to recovery of any overdue amounts.
5. TERMINATION
5.1 If you commit an act of bankruptcy or enter into a deed of arrangement with creditors or a court order for winding-up is made against you or you take or suffer any similar action in consequence of debt or we have cause to believe that you are unable to pay your debts as they fall due; or you fail to pay any amount by the due date or breach any of these Terms then, without prejudice to any of our other rights, we may:-
5.1.1 stop any Products in transit; and/or
5.1.2 suspend further Product deliveries; and/or
5.1.3 stop or suspend provision of Services; and/or
5.1.4 by written notice to terminate your order and all or any other contracts between us and you.
6. DELIVERY AND RISK
6.1 Delivery timescales/dates specified on the Site, in any order acknowledgement, acceptance or elsewhere are estimates only. While we endeavor to meet such timescales or dates, we do not undertake to dispatch Products and/or commence Services by a particular date or dates and shall not be liable to you in respect of delays or failure to do so.
6.2 Delivery shall be to a valid address within the Territory submitted by you and subject to Acceptance ("Delivery Address"). You must check the Delivery Address on any acknowledgement or acceptance we provide and notify us without delay of errors or omissions. We reserve the right to charge you for any extra costs arising from changes you make to the Delivery Address after you submit an order.
6.3 If you refuse or fail to take delivery of Products provided in accordance with these Terms, any risk of loss or damage to the Products shall nonetheless pass and without prejudice to any other rights or remedies we have:-
6.3.1 We shall be entitled to immediate payment in full for the Products or Services delivered and either to effect delivery by whatever means we consider appropriate or to store Products at your risk;
6.3.2 You shall be liable pay on demand all costs of Product storage and any additional costs incurred as a result of such refusal or failure to take delivery;
6.3.3 We shall be entitled 30 days after the agreed date for delivery to dispose of Products in such manner as we determine and may set off any proceeds of sale against any sums due from you.
6.4 Except to the extent required as a result of any mandatory rights you have as a consumer under applicable law, you shall not be entitled to reject the Products in whole or in part by reason of short delivery and shall pay in full notwithstanding short delivery or non-delivery unless you notify us in writing of any claim within 7 days of the latest of the date of receipt of the relevant invoice or delivery whereupon you shall pay for the quantity actually delivered.
6.5 Where we deliver Products by installments, each installment constitutes a separate contract and any defect in any one or more installments shall not entitle you to repudiate the contract as a whole nor to cancel any subsequent installment.
6.6 Save as otherwise provided in these Terms, risk of loss of or damage to the Products passes to you on delivery or when placed in your possession or that of any carrier or transport provided by you, whichever shall occur first.
7. REJECTION, DAMAGE OR LOSS IN TRANSIT
7.1 Except as set out above or under any applicable Returns Policy and subject to any rights you have under applicable law that cannot be excluded or limited by these Terms:
7.1.1 we shall not be liable and you shall not be entitled to reject Products or Services, except for:
(a) damage to or loss of Products or any part thereof in transit (where the Products are carried by our own transport or by a carrier on our behalf) where notified to us within 5 working days of receipt of the Products;
(b) defects in Products (not being defects caused by any act, neglect or default on your part) notified in writing to us within 30 days of receipt of the Products.
(c) defective performance of Services (not being defects caused by any act, neglect or default on your part) where notified in writing to us within 5 days of such defect becoming apparent.
7.1.2 we shall not be liable for any damage or losses arising from defective installation of the Products; from the use of the Products in connection with other defective, unsuitable or defectively installed equipment; your negligence; improper use or use in any manner inconsistent with the manufacturer's specifications; or instructions.
7.1.3 where these is a shortage or failure to deliver, or any defect in or damage to a Product or Service, we may at our option:
(a) (in the case of Product shortage or non-delivery) make good any such shortage or non-delivery and/or
(b) in the case of failure to perform or defective performance of a Service, make good such failure or defective performance; and/or
(c) in the case of damage or any defect(s) in the Product and in accordance with any applicable Returns Policy:
(i) Replace or repair the Product upon you returning the Product; or;
(ii) Refund the price paid in respect of any Products found to be damaged or defective.
8. SOFTWARE
8.1 Where any Product supplied is or includes software ("Software"), this Software is licensed by us or by the relevant licensor/owner subject to the relevant end-user license agreement or other license terms included with Software ("License Terms") and/or the Product. In addition:
8.1.1 Such Software may not be copied, adapted, translated, made available, distributed, varied, modified, disassembled, decompiled, reverse engineered or combined with any other software, save to the extent that (i) this is permitted in the License Terms, or (ii) applicable law expressly mandates such a right which cannot legally be excluded by contract.
8.1.2 Save to the extent provided for in any applicable License Terms, your rights of return and/or to a refund under these Conditions and any applicable Returns Policy do not apply in the event that you open the Software shrink-wrap and/or break the license seal and/or use the Software.
8.1.3 Except to the extent expressly provided by us in writing or under relevant License Terms, Software is provided 'as is' without any warranties, terms or conditions as to quality, fitness for purpose, performance or correspondence with description and we do not offer any warranties or guarantees in relation to Software installation, configuration or error/defect correction. You are advised to refer to any License Terms with regards to determining your rights against a manufacturer, licensor or supplier of the Software.
9. LIABILITY LIMITATION
9.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT LEGALLY PERMITTED, WHETHER OR NOT WE WERE AWARE OR ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE LIMITED REMEDIES PROVIDED HEREIN FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE (1) OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY (WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY) SHALL IN NO CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEED THE COST OF THE PRODUCTS YOU ORDERED AND THAT ARE MOST CLOSELY RELATED TO YOUR DAMAGES AND (2) WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FORSPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, OR COST OF COVER.
10. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS
10.1 You shall indemnify us against any and all liabilities, claims and costs incurred by or made against us as a direct or indirect result of us performing Services or carrying out any work on or to the Products where this has been done to your (or your representative's) specific requirements or specifications causing an infringement or alleged infringement of any proprietary rights of any third party.
10.2 To the fullest extent permitted by law and save where expressly set out in any License Terms or elsewhere, we shall have no liability to you in the event of the Products or Services infringing or being alleged to infringe the proprietary rights of any third party. In the event that the Products are or may be the subject of patent, copyright, database right, registered design, trade mark or other rights of any third party, you should refer to the relevant terms of the Product manufacturer and/or licensor/owner. We shall be obliged to transfer to you only such right or title as we have.
11. WARRANTY "AS IS" IN GENERAL - WITHOUT REGARD TO SEPARATE WARRANTY STATEMENTS PACKAGED BY THE MANUFACTURER WITH THE PRODUCTS
11.1 All Product specifications, illustrations, drawings, particulars, dimensions, performance data and other information on the Site or made available by us are intended to represent no more than a general illustration of the Products and do not constitute a warranty or representation by us that the Products will conform with the same. You must refer to the manufacturer's specifications or warranty documentation to determine your rights and remedies in this regard.
11.2 You will have the benefit of the manufacturer's, licensor's or supplier's warranty with the Products supplied and should refer to the relevant documentation supplied with the Product in this regard. (If applicable, a Returns Policy may also set out procedures applicable to repairs or replacement of defective Products delivered.)
11.3 Your rights of repair or replacement of any Products or any part or parts thereof which are found to be defective will (except where agreed otherwise) be negated or rendered void where:
11.3.1 Products have been repaired or altered by persons other than the manufacturer, us or any authorized dealer; and/or
11.3.2 defective Product or Products have not been returned together with full details in writing of the alleged defects within 30 days from the date on which such Products were delivered; and/or
11.3.3 defects are due (wholly or partially) to mistreatment, improper use or storage or maintenance or installation, or failure to observe any manufacturers' instructions or other directions issued or made available by us in connection with the delivered Products.
11.4 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED OTHERWISE IN THIS SECTION 11, WE MAKE NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AND WE DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THESE TERMS STATE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES.
12. CONSENTS, CUSTOMS DUTIES & EXPORT
12.1 If any license or consent of any government or other authority is required for the acquisition, carriage or use of the Products by you, you shall obtain such license or consent at your own expense and if necessary produce evidence to us on demand. Failure so to do shall not entitle you to withhold or delay payment of the price. Any additional expenses or charges incurred by us resulting from such failure shall be met by you.
12.2 Products licensed or sold to you under these Terms may be subject to export control laws and regulations in the Territory or other relevant jurisdiction where you take delivery or use them. You shall be responsible for complying with those laws and will not do anything to breach them.
12.3 Items entering the European Economic Area (EEA) from outside over a certain value may be subject to customs charges (e.g. where costs are in excess of your personal import allowance). You may be subject to customs charges, import duties and taxes, levied when the Product reaches your specified destination. Any such additional charges for customs clearance or import duties or taxes must be met by you, since we have no control over what these charges are. You should contact the local customs office in the relevant jurisdiction for further information on customs policies or duties.
13. NOTICES
13.1 Any notice or other communications in relation to our contract may be given by sending the same by hand delivery, pre-paid post, fax or e-mail to the latest address and contact that one party has notified in writing to the other. This will also be the address for service of legal proceedings in the manner prescribed by law. Except as set out above in relation to cancellation of consumer orders, such notices or communications (where properly addressed) shall be considered received:
13.1.1 In relation to hand delivery, on the date of delivery at the relevant address (or, if this is not a working date, the first working date thereafter);
13.1.2 If posted, 5 working days after the date of posting;
13.1.3 If by fax, on the date of the transmission as evidenced by a successful transmission contact report (or, if this is not a working date, the first working date thereafter).
13.1.4 If sent by email, on the earliest of (i) the email being acknowledged by the recipient as received; (ii) receipt by the sender of an automated message indicating successful delivery or the email having been opened; or (iii) the expiry of 48 hours after transmission, provided that the sender has not received notification of unsuccessful transmission.
14. PERSONAL INFORMATION AND YOUR PRIVACY
14.1 We will observe applicable data protection laws and will not use information that does or can be used to personally identify you ("Personal Data") you other than as set out in our Privacy Statement ("Privacy Statement"). By submitting your Personal Data in relation to your order, you consent to such Personal Data being processed to fulfill your order and in accordance with such Privacy Statement.
14.2 In relation to security of orders that you place with us:
14.2.1 Our secure-server software encrypts all your Personal Data including credit or debit card number and name and address. This means that the characters that you enter are converted into pieces of code that are then securely transmitted over the Internet. Cardholder information is stored encrypted on hardened servers according to industry security standards, and especially the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
15. GENERAL
15.1 You shall not assign, transfer, charge or make over or purport to assign transfer charge to make over your rights under these Terms.
15.2 We shall not be liable to you nor held in breach of contract for any loss or damage which may be suffered as a direct or indirect result of us being prevented, hindered or delayed in the performance by reason of any circumstances beyond our reasonable control including (but not limited to) any act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, government action, explosion, fire, flood, storm, accident, strike, lock-out, trade dispute or labor disturbance, breakdown of plant or machinery, interruption in the supply of power or materials and in such event we may elect to cancel your order and refund any payments made.
15.3 You acknowledge that these Terms supersede and cancel all previous contracts, agreements and working arrangements whether oral or written, express or implied, between us. These Terms prevail over any other terms or conditions contained in or referred to elsewhere or implied by trade, custom or course of dealing. Any purported terms or conditions to the contrary are hereby excluded to the fullest extent legally permitted. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, we reserve the right to modify these Terms upon prior written notice to you with effect for the future - subject to your right to reject, by way of written notice, our modifications to these Terms with respect to any orders for which Acceptance, but not yet fulfillment, has occurred.
These Terms may NOT be altered, supplemented, or amended by you including by the addition of supplementary document(s) without our consent. Any attempt by you to alter, supplement or amend this document will be rendered null and void, unless such changes are otherwise agreed to in a separate and explicit written agreement signed by both you and CCNow.
15.4 No relaxation, forbearance, delay or indulgence by either you or us in enforcing any of these Terms or the granting of time by either party to the other shall prejudice or restrict such rights and powers.
15.5 No waiver of any term or condition of these Terms shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by us. The waiver of any breach of any Term shall not be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach or condition.
15.6 If for any reason we determine or a court of competent jurisdiction finds that any provision or portion of these Terms to be illegal, unenforceable, or invalid under applicable law in a particular jurisdiction:
15.6.1 these Terms will not be affected in other jurisdictions to the extent that such determination or finding has no application; and
15.6.2 in the relevant jurisdiction, the remainder of these Terms (to the fullest extent permitted by law) will continue in full force and effect.
16. GOVERNING LAW
16.1 The construction validity and performance of these Terms shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Iceland, without reference to its conflicts of laws principles. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to this Site, these Terms, or the Services of CCNow shall be filed exclusively in the courts of the Republic of Iceland, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
You agree that in addition to your obligations under these Terms it is the cardholder's responsibility to ensure that they are permitted by the laws and regulations of their local jurisdiction to purchase the Products from CCNow, including but not limited to requirements that you have reached a certain minimum age to be permitted to purchase the Products.
Your purchase is subject to the terms of Icelandic Act No 46/2000 on Door-to-Door Sales and Distance Contracts (incorporating the relevant provisions of Directive 97/7/EC).
Snorrason Holdings ehf DBA CCNow
Hafnartorg
620 Dalvik
Iceland.
Registered Number: 570305-0180
(Icelandic Enterprise Registrar)
Snorrason Holdings Establishment
Kirchstrasse 6
Postfach 761
FL-9494 Schaan
Liechtenstein.
Already bought something online from CCNow?
Order lookupfind your order now
Start selling today
No monthly fee
Sign up
Accept orders with