https://www.mellon.com/social-media-policy
Navigation
Skip to Content
Social Media Policy
Home
Social Media Policy
We use a number of unaffiliated social media sites, including Twitter and LinkedIn to share product and service information, thought leadership material, news, events and career information. A list of these accounts can be found below. Social Media pages are typically public and can show up in search engines like Google, Yahoo and Bing. Because our social media sites are public and anyone with an account can engage with us, we cannot be responsible for views expressed other than our own. We reserve the right to prohibit posting on our social media pages, as well as the right to delete or edit any posted content or material for any reason and without notice. Any posting on these pages is subject to our policies of usage, as we may change them from time to time. We prohibit postings about securities products, investment recommendations, investment product performance and client testimonials. In addition, we prohibit the posting of offensive, derogatory, inflammatory or illegal comments and statements. We reserve the right to block or remove objectionable content and users if possible, in our sole discretion and without notice. Any delay in removing or failure to remove an objectionable posting should not be deemed an endorsement or approval of the posting, and does not preclude us from taking other steps to address objectionable content, particularly where a social media website restricts us from removing content or blocking users. If a follower forwards our posts and adds comments, such comments are the view and responsibility of the follower, and we expressly disclaim any responsibility over such communication. These social media websites are established and hosted by third parties, and are governed by their separate website policies, including privacy policies and terms of usage. We are not responsible for their terms of use or privacy policies, or any other third party websites that may be linked to or by their pages. You use these sites at your own risk. Interacting with Mellon on Social Media Sites Never disclose any financial or personal information on any social media site or other website. Mellon will never ask you for your Social Security number, account information, passwords, PINs or other personally identifiable information via social media or email. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of the social media sites we utilize. Please review their policies. In addition, we do not endorse clicking on links posted by other social media users, as these links may pose risks to your computer or take you to inappropriate sites. If you are a Mellon client with specific questions about an account or investment, please contact your relationship manager directly. If you have any concerns or complaints about our social media websites, you may submit them using our online form. Links to Third-Party Sites and Mentions We may occasionally mention a user, tweet, re-tweet or repost links to third-party sites when we think you may find that information useful. However, this does not constitute an endorsement of the individual, site, product or company. See also "Links to Other Websites" above. Our Social Media Sites Twitter Page @MellonInvests – https://twitter.com/melloninvests LinkedIn Company Page Mellon – https://www.linkedin.com/company/mellon-investments When accessing any third-party/external sites that may be linked above, you will leave the Mellon website. These sites are not controlled or endorsed by Mellon, and Mellon is not responsible for the contents, operation or security of these sites.
Important Notice close
You are being redirected to an external site. Mellon cannot be held responsible for the content of third party sites. Do you wish to proceed?
Yes No