http://www.dlrgroup.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
DLR Group is committed to honoring and protecting your privacy while at the same time providing you with a first rate on-line experience. As an important part of respecting your privacy, we believe that you have the right to know what information is collected by this Web site, how such information may be used, and what security measures are taken to protect your information.
Collection and Use of Information
When you visit our Web site, request information and/or contact us via e-mail, certain information is or may be collected. Among the types of information that may be collected are the following: domain names of visitors to our site; if you contact us, your name, address, e-mail address and month/date of birth; "navigational information" regarding the traffic patterns of our Web site, including the number of visits to a particular page and user-specific information on which pages a guest visits, average length of time spent on the site and similar site usage data; and any information that you may choose to submit in connection with any e-mail messages, on-site surveys, registry programs, contests and the like. We use this information in order to analyze, manage and improve our Web site so that we may continually strive to provide you with the best experience that we possibly can. Information on traffic patterns and the number of page visits and the like helps us to further develop and improve our site layout to better meet your needs. Of course, we also use information such as your name, e-mail address and birthday to contact you, respond to your inquiries and send you information. We may use such information to notify you of services, special offers, new products and other services that we believe may be of interest to you, or to notify you of important new changes in our Web site. Finally, we use collected information to help us diagnose problems with our server or other technical issues relating to the performance of the Web site.
Children and Privacy
Our Web site does not target and is not intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or send them requests for personal information.
Security
DLR Group makes every effort to protect the security of your personal information. Our Web site is hosted on secure servers. Any information collected by us is stored in private files behind a firewall designed to protect your information by denying unauthorized access by outside users.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of data that a web site can send to your browser and may then be stored on your hard drive. We use cookies in connection with certain features on our Web site, although we note that our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information such as your name. We may also use them to help provide you with customized or tailored information or services. You can set your web browser so that you will always be notified when you receive a cookie.
Third Party Sites
Our Web site may from time to time contain links to other sites. We do not share your personal information with these Web sites and are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Providing Third Party Information
We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. We may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to DLR Group or to others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it.
When you visit this Website or view one of our e-mails, we may use pixel tags (also called "clear" gifs), tracking links and/or similar technology to note some of the pages you visit on our Website and personalize your experience. We may also use pixel tags to determine what types of e-mail your browser supports. We may use the information collected through pixel tags, tracking links and similar technology in combination with your personally identifiable information.
We may use the information you provide in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone   We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
Company Contact Information:
DLR Group
6457 Frances Street Suite 200
Omaha, NE 68106
www.dlrgroup.com
1-866-DLR-8600
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Zip Code
Company
*
Job Title
Which topic(s) interests you most?
Culture+Performing Arts
Energy+Engineering
Healthcare
Higher Education
Hospitality
Justice +Civic
K-12 Education
Mixed-Use
Sports
Workplace