http://www.a1trophies.com/t-termsandconditions.aspx
Skip to Main Content
Login
View Cart (0)
View Wishlist (0)
Toggle navigation
Menu
Trophies & Awards
A1 Bargains
Charity Gifts
Hunts County Cricket Bats
Name Plates & Badges
Personalised Gifts
Store Policies
Our A1 Trophies Terms and Conditions and Privacy Statement
Prices & Delivery
All prices, colours and offers are subject to availability and may change without notice.
Postage and Packing is charged at various bands please Click Delivery for pricing. If any changes to charges regarding your delivery you will be advised via email or telephone.
All orders are shipped by Royal Mail or by courier service. Where possible, we will notify you when dispatch of goods has commenced and provide an expected delivery date. Delivery is normally within 5 - 10 working days subject to Stock Availability. Please quote delivery date requested by if urgent in the comments box when you reach the checkout stage of your order. For out of stock items, delivery dates are given as best estimates.
International delivery can only be confirmed over the telephone and will be charged at the current rate at the time of ordering. Shipping prices displayed on our website are a guideline only. These prices are subject to change without prior notice. On placement of your order and subsequent telephone call, one of our representatives will advise of exact cost of shipping and forward an email to you.
Payment
Goods ordered will be charged at the price on the day of order indicated on the web site and by the online ordering system.
UK orders may be made by credit / debit card or bank transfer. We accept Visa, MasterCard and other major cards as well as Corporate cards, Card transactions are made through a secure server using a minimum of SSL/128-bit encryption.
Overseas orders and overseas internet orders can only be confirmed if the delivery address is within the UK, or by special arrangements and will only be classed as a sale once confirmation has been given over the telephone by a member of A1 Trophies, payment will be made in UK sterling for all orders.
Special Offers
All special offers are subject to availability. Please enquire at time of ordering.
Liability, Warranty, Returns & Breakages
All product descriptions and photographs are for illustration purposes and are designed to give an accurate representation of the product, but products may occasionally vary from this representation and we reserve the right to amend, improve or withdraw products / specifications at any time and without notice.
Breakages must be reported on receipt of goods (within 48hrs), replacements will be arranged, Returns must be sent back to A1 Trophies if requested and a full refund will only be given on receipt of returned goods.
All customised/personalised items can only be returned for a refund if deemed to be faulty as once personalised can not be reused.
If you require special instructions for engraving etc, please make sure the field special instruction box in the checkout section is completed or you can email us directly with your order number and special instructions.
Cookies
Please click here to see our Cookie Policy. This is included as a Store Policy.
Privacy Policy
Please click here to see our Privacy Policy. This is included as a Store Policy.
© 2019 A1 Trophies.com
Still have questions? Please click here to Contact Us.
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
£0.00
Close
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty.
Total:
£0.00
Close
Move all to Cart
Loading...