http://www.aami.com.au/privacy/cookie-and-data-policy.html
Your browser version is no longer supported, so you may experience issues while using this site. Please upgrade to a current browser to enjoy the best experience.
Home
Privacy
Cookie & Data Policy
Cookie & Data Policy
The Suncorp group of companies ("we") collects and uses data related to your online activity using cookies and other related technologies. This policy provides information about how and why we do this, and how you can choose to remain anonymous. You can read more information on the Suncorp Group Privacy Policy.
How do we track your online activity?
There are various technologies that allow tracking of online activity.
The most commonly used technology is cookies. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which your computer or mobile device creates when you visit a website. When you return to the website, the site can read these text files, and recognise your device, helping to enable site features and functionality.
Other related technologies collect data from your browsing session by requesting an image from a server, known as a ‘pixel’ or ‘beacon’. As part of the request, information about your browsing session is passed through – allowing the technology to collect and store the information.
Cookies and related technologies are useful in many ways. They:
provide us with information on how our site is being used,
help us to tailor marketing message to your interests, both on and off our sites,
let you navigate between pages more quickly and securely,
help detect and defend against fraud,
recognise you when you return to websites and remember your preferences,
assist us with product and service research, development and business strategy, and
generally improve your browsing experience.
When do we place cookies?
We place cookies (and other similar technologies) on your device when you visit our sites or other third party sites we advertise on. This helps us provide the best possible browsing experience for you. Other sites will also place cookies on your device, and may allow us to access their cookie data, for example when we partner with them for advertising purposes.
What types of cookies do we use?
There are different types of cookies:
Session-based cookies
These cookies store temporary information and are usually deleted when you close your browser.
and
Persistent cookies
These cookies are stored in your browser for a set amount of time and stay on your computer after you close your browser. They usually contain information you may want to keep from session to session (e.g. your location or username).
First party cookies
These are ‘our’ cookies – the ones that we set up on your device
and
Third party cookies
Other websites or servers set these cookies up on our behalf, or allow us to access their cookies for activities such as tailored advertising, or tracking our ads’ performance on other websites.
... with different functions:
Authentication
Security
Basic Functionality
Sometimes called “necessary cookies”, these cookies are needed for our sites to work properly. Without these cookies, core site services, such as accessing secure areas, can’t be provided. Some of these cookies even help us to detect fraud and keep the sites secure. These cookies don’t gather information about you and are not used for marketing or remember where you’ve been online.
Site Performance
These cookies collect information about how our sites are performing. For example, they tell us which content is popular, which pages create errors, or how people are moving around our sites. The information they collect is anonymous, and is used to help us improve how the sites works.
Preferences
These functional cookies are all about the choices you make both on our sites and our advertising partners’ sites. They store information about your choices (such as your user name, language or the region you’re in) and tailor your internet experience to provide relevant features and content for you, such as localised information or news. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you’ve made to text size, font and other customisable content.
Without these cookies, our website won’t remember any choices you’ve previously made, or personalise your browsing experience.
Advertising, Marketing and Analytics
These cookies help us tailor our marketing information online. They do things like limit the number of times you see an ad, as well as help us to measure the performance of our advertising – if you don’t like what you see, we want to know it. On the other hand, if you are interested in a particular topic, we want to help you get the best information we have.
These cookies help us deliver ads that are more relevant both on our sites and our advertising partners’ sites. They remember that you have visited a particular website, and this information may be shared between us and other organisations, such as advertising partners. They also help us get a better understanding of you, your needs, your behaviours and how you interact with us so we can engage in product and service research, development and business strategy.
How are tracking technologies used for advertising/marketing purposes?
Cookies and other ad technology help us personalise your online experience more effectively. By recognising where you’ve been and what you’ve been looking at online, they allow us to better tailor advertising and offers both on our websites and our advertising partners’ sites to be more relevant to you.
Often, this tailoring is just done based on a device’s anonymous browsing history – we don’t actually know who you are. But sometimes, if you identify yourself on a device (eg. by logging on to a customer hub or following a link in an email we’ve sent you) we may connect this tracked data to information we have about you to make your internet experience more relevant and deepen our understanding of you. If you don’t want this to happen, you can exercise your choice in a few ways:
to stop all tailoring of advertising based on tracked information (anonymous and personal), you can delete or block cookies as explained below. This will allow you to remain anonymous online; or
if you don’t want us to use information we know about you as an identified individual for marketing, you can opt out of marketing (follow the prompts in personalised ads, or refer to the relevant brand’s privacy page online for contact options). Please note though, opting out of marketing means you won’t get served online ads because of what we know about you, but you may still get similar ads based on your anonymous browsing history and untargeted ads.
What if I don’t want to be tracked online?
By changing your browser settings, you can control how cookies are used on your computer or device. Usually, you can do this by opening the menu in the browser, and choose settings, options or privacy (it depends on which browser you’re using). From there, you can tailor how your device stores cookies. Options may include deleting all or some cookies, not accepting any cookies or being notified when cookies are being used. For example, if you are using Google Chrome browser, you can choose to browse “incognito” which will only allow session-based cookies.
You can delete existing cookies on your device and block new cookies if you don’t want your online activity to be tracked and remembered. Perhaps you share a device and previous online activity is by someone else so not relevant for you, or maybe you don’t want to be recognised online or served interest-based advertising. Without cookies, we can’t recognise you across visits. Image-related technologies can be blocked by disabling javascript, but this would interfere with your ability to use websites that rely on javascript.
Please remember:
some cookies are essential for protecting financial and personal information;
your experience on our site may be limited if you decide to delete or block certain cookies;
if you delete all your cookies, you will have to update your preferences with us again;
if you use a different device, computer or browser you will have to tell us your preferences again; and
unless you block cookies entirely, new cookies will continue to be placed on your browser as you interact online, so you will need to check and delete cookies each time you go online.
We don’t mind what you do with your cookies – we’ll do our best to give you the best experience we can, whatever you choose.
PRODUCTS
Car Insurance
Home & Property
Life & Income Protection
Business Insurance
Health Insurance
Travel Insurance
ACCOUNT
My Account Login
Renew Policy
Pay Excess
Other payments
Claims
Policy Documents
RESOURCES
AAMI App
AAMI Informed blog
AAMI Lucky Club
AAMI Customer Rewards
AAMI Skilled Drivers
Help Centre
ABOUT US
Contact AAMI
Our Awards
About AAMI
Supporting the Community
Careers
Login
Sitemap
Online Terms & Privacy
Code of Practice
General Advice
Cookie and Data Policy
Identify Scams
Dispute Resolution
COOKIE AND DATA POLICY
We use cookies and other related technologies to improve and tailor your website experience. See our Cookie and Data Policy. This policy provides information about how AAMI collects and uses data related to your online activity, and how you can choose to remain anonymous.
AAI LIMITED TRADING AS AAMI
AAMI Home Building and Home Contents Insurance, Landlord Insurance, Strata Insurance, Car Insurance, Motorcycle Insurance, NSW and SA CTP Insurance, ACT MAI Insurance, Caravan Insurance, Business Insurance and Travel Insurance are issued by AAI Limited ABN 48 005 297 807 AFSL 230859 (AAI) trading as AAMI. Registered Office, Level 28, 266 George St, Brisbane QLD 4000.
Information provided is general advice only and has been prepared without taking into account any person's particular objectives, financial situation or needs. Read the relevant Product Disclosure Statement or Policy Document available at www.aami.com.au and consider whether it's appropriate for you before making any decisions about whether to buy or continue to hold a product.
AAMI PET INSURANCE
Pet Insurance is issued by The Hollard Insurance Company Pty Ltd (ACN 090 584 473; AFSL 241436) (Hollard); distributed by Pet Insurance Pty Ltd (ACN 607 160 930; AR 1234944) (PIPL) and PIPL's authorised distribution partners (including Platform Ventures Pty Ltd (ABN 626 745 177; AR 001266101) (Ventures) under the AAMI brand); and administered by PetSure (Australia) Pty Ltd (ACN 075 949 923; AFSL 420183) (PetSure). PIPL and Ventures are authorised representatives of PetSure. PIPL and PIPL's authorised distribution partners (including Ventures) will receive a commission which is a percentage of the premium paid to Hollard and PetSure may receive a portion of the underwriting profit, if any - ask PetSure for more details.
Close
AAMI HEALTH INSURANCE
AAMI Health Insurance is issued by nib health funds limited ABN 83 000 124 381 (nib), a registered private health insurer, and is marketed by Platform CoVentures Pty Ltd ABN 82 626 829 623 (PC), a Suncorp Group company. PC is an authorised agent of nib and receives commission from nib.
AAMI LIFE INSURANCE
AAMI Life Insurance products, other than in some circumstances the Redundancy Benefit, are provided by either Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited ABN 87 073 979 530, AFSL 229880 (Asteron) or by TAL Life Limited ABN 70 050 109 450 AFSL 237848 (TAL Life) which is part of the TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia Pty Limited ABN 97 150 070 483 group of companies (TAL). Both Asteron and TAL Life are part of the TAL Dai-ichi Life Australia Pty Limited ABN 97 150 070 483 group of companies (TAL). TAL companies are not part of the Suncorp Group. TAL companies use the AAMI brand (brand of the Suncorp network) under licence. Redundancy Benefit issued on or before 31st March 2020 was offered by AAI Limited ABN 48 005 297 807, AFSL 230859 (AAI) trading as AAMI which is part of the Suncorp Group. New Redundancy Benefit policies and renewals offered from 1st April 2020 will be issued by Asteron Life & Superannuation Limited, ABN 87 073 979 530, AFSL 229880 (Asteron). The different entities of TAL and the Suncorp Group of companies are not responsible for, or liable in respect of, products and services provided by the other. Any advice on this page in connection with the Life products is general in nature and is provided by Platform Ventures Pty Ltd ABN 35 626 745 177 AFS Representative Number 001266101 (PV). PV is part of the Suncorp Group and an authorised representative of TAL Direct Pty Limited ABN 39 084 666 017, AFSL 243260 (TAL Direct). General advice does not take into account your individual needs, objectives or financial situation. Before you decide to buy or to continue to hold a Life Products you must read the relevant Product Disclosure Statement.