https://www.3i.com/investor-relations/debt-investors/outline-of-funding-policy/
3i Group Investor centre
For US regulatory reasons, US Residents are not to enter this part of the website, without the express permission of 3i, and 3i is not offering any securities or services in the United States or to US Residents through this site. (The term "US Residents" is defined in the detailed terms and conditions set out on the right hand side).
I am not a US Resident (or I am, but I have 3i's express permission to use this site) and I accept the terms and conditions.
ACCEPT AND PROCEED
3i maintains a US Investors website where information contained has been provided solely for the purpose of meeting the company's regulatory obligations under the 12g3-2(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of the United States.
Visit the US Investor site
Terms and conditions
The terms and conditions set out below apply to your use of 3i's Websites. Please read them.
"3i" means 3i Group plc and any of its subsidiaries and related companies and references to the "3i Websites" are to any of 3i's websites including www.3i.com and www.3i-usinvestors.com (and any replacement URL of any such website) and also include, but are not limited to, the text, images, links, sounds, graphics and video sequences displayed in such websites (the "Materials").
By clicking and entering this section of the website you agree that you have read and accept these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, do not enter. The information in the 3i Websites is only for the attention of the residents of jurisdictions where it can be lawfully disseminated. It is your responsibility to be aware of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations for your country of residence.
No information contained in these pages should be taken as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the shares of 3i Group plc. Nothing on the 3i Websites or in the Materials constitutes or is intended to constitute financial or other advice and you should not act upon any information contained on the 3i Websites or in the Materials without first consulting a financial or other professional adviser.
Privacy policy
3i respects the privacy of every individual who visits the 3i Websites and is always careful to ensure that information disclosed to 3i in confidence is treated confidentially. Please see 3i's full privacy policy.
Limitation of liability
Nothing in these terms and conditions shall be taken to limit or exclude any liability which may not otherwise be limited or excluded under applicable law. Use of the 3i Websites and the Materials are at your sole risk. 3i will not be liable to any person for any direct, indirect, special or consequential, losses, damages or awards of any kind, howsoever caused, as a result of the use of or inability to use, or reliance on, the 3i Websites or any of the Materials. 3i excludes all warranties, conditions, terms, undertakings and representations (excepting fraudulent misrepresentation) of any kind, express or implied, statutory or otherwise in connection with the 3i Websites and the Materials to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Disclaimer
The Materials and the 3i Websites are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. 3i gives no warranties (express, implied or statutory) as to satisfactory quality or fitness for purpose of the Materials or that any of the Materials or the 3i Websites will be provided uninterrupted or free from errors or that any identified defect will be corrected. 3i has the right to suspend or withdraw the provision of all or any of the 3i Websites or the Material without prior notice at any time. Further, no warranty of any kind is given that the 3i Websites and the Materials are free from any virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, programme or macro. 3i does not warrant that the 3i Websites or the server(s) that make(s) them available are free of any virus or other harmful elements.
Reference in the 3i Websites and/or the Materials to any hypertext link, product, process or service does not imply 3i's support for, nor endorsement or recommendation of, the provider thereof or the product, process or service to which reference is made. The 3i websites may contain hypertext links to other websites, resources or other third parties. 3i is not responsible for the availability of, and accepts no liability in relation to, these external websites or their contents. 3i is not a sponsor, partner, promoter or publisher of any of such websites.
Copyright and trade marks
The Materials are the copyright of 3i and its third party licensors and may not be copied, distributed, uploaded, posted, republished, decompiled, disassembled, reverse-engineered or transmitted in any way without the prior, written consent of 3i. You may, however, download one copy of the Materials for your personal non-commercial use or non-commercial use within the organisation in which you work on condition that you do not delete or change any copyright, trade mark or other proprietary notice contained in the Materials nor alter the way in which they are presented. Modification or use other than as permitted above violates 3i's intellectual property rights in the Materials.
The trade marks, service marks and logo (the "Trade Marks") used and displayed on the 3i Websites are registered and unregistered Trade Marks of 3i and others. Nothing in these terms and conditions or on the 3i Websites should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any Trade Mark displayed on the 3i Websites. 3i enforces infringements of its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent permitted by the law.
Governing law
The agreement between 3i and you relating to your use and browsing of the 3i Websites is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. These terms and conditions may not be modified unless 3i agrees in writing.
Further information about 3i and the 3i Websites
3i Investments plc is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and have permission to conduct specific activities both in the UK and in a number of countries in Europe through the use of regulatory "passports". 3i Europe plc and 3i Nordic plc are also authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, in order to be able to carry out certain activities from the UK into other EEA States. 3i Corporation is an investment adviser regulated by the Securities Exchange Commission in the United States.
US Residents
Special rules are applicable when US Residents and other US persons access the 3i Websites. For US regulatory reasons, US Residents are not permitted to access certain parts of the 3i Websites unless they have express permission from 3i to do so (which may be granted by 3i in circumstances where such US Resident has given 3i certain undertakings).
3i is not offering any securities or services in the United States or to US residents through any 3i website. A "US Resident" includes any US person, as well as (i) any natural person who is only temporarily residing outside the United States, (ii) any account of a US person over which a non-US fiduciary has investment discretion or any entity, which, in either case, is being used to circumvent the registration requirements of the US Investment Company Act of 1940, and (iii) any employee benefit or pension plan that does not have as its participants or beneficiaries persons substantially all of whom are not US persons.
In addition, for these purposes, if an entity either has been formed or is operated for the purpose of investing in a particular security or obtaining a particular service, or facilitates individual investment decisions, none of the beneficiaries or other interest holders of such entity may be US Residents. Terms used in this paragraph (including the term "US person") have the meanings given to them in Regulation S under the US Securities Act of 1933.
Investor relations
Home
Investor relations
Debt investors
Outline of funding policy
Outline of funding policy
3i Group plc has accessed funding from banks and capital markets.
The Group operates a conservative balance sheet strategy and prudent approach to liquidity management.
The Group may raise debt or use other financing from time to time, to manage investment and realisation flows.
It has no appetite for gearing at the Group level but a tolerance to operate within a range of £500 million net cash to £500 million net debt, and operates a self-imposed £1bn gross limit.
All of the Group’s borrowings are repayable in one instalment on the respective maturity dates. None of the Group’s interest-bearing loans and borrowings are secured on the assets of the Group.
Useful links
Debt investors
Bonds and facilities
Credit ratings
For further information
Ian Cooper
Group Treasurer
Telephone
+44 (0) 20 7975 3177
Email
ian.cooper@3i.com
Back to top