http://www.countyalpacas.co.uk/privacy
Home
Privacy and Cookies
Privacy Policy & Cookie Information
We, County Alpacas, are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of anyone using our site and the confidentiality of any information that you provide us with. The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use any personal information that we may obtain from you.
Data Protection Act 1988 (‘the Act’)
We are registered under the Data Protection Act and comply with the Act in all our dealings with your personal data.
Use and collection of personal information
In general you can visit our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. If, however, you use our site you will need to register and you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computer or otherwise.
We may use information that you provide:
To register you with our website and to administer it.
For assessment and analysis, e.g. marketing, customer and product analysis, to enable us to review, develop and improve our services.
If you do not want us to use data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we might disclose your personal data to the prospective buyer or seller.
If we are under a legal duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with or meet any legal obligation.
Cookies
We collect information directly from you in a number of ways. One way is through our use of ‘cookies’. Most websites use cookies in order to make them work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. They help us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can develop and improve the design, layout, content and function of the site. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by websites that you visit. They save and retrieve pieces of information about your visit to the website – for example, how you entered the site, how you navigated through the site and what information and documentation was of interest to you. This means that when you go back to a website, it can give you tailored options based on the information it has stored about you on your last visit.
Some of our cookies are used to simply collect information about how visitors use our website and these types of cookies collect the information in an anonymous form.
Where there is a login process relating to buying products or services from us we also use cookies to store personal registration information so that you do not have to provide it to us again on subsequent visits.
The rules about cookies on websites have recently changed. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser. You can set your browser to reject or block cookies or to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. You can also delete any cookies that are already stored on your computer’s hard drive. However, please be aware that if you do delete and block all cookies from our website, parts of the site will not then work. This is because some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of our website to operate. Likewise, you may not be able to use some products and services on other websites without cookies.
To find out more about cookies, including seeing what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from our website, please leave this site immediately and then delete and block all cookies from this site. Alternatively, you may opt out of receiving information from us by e-mail, telephone, fax or post. Our phone number is 01422 834090 / 883346 or you can e-mail us on info@countyalpacas.co.uk
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
Cookies Set By Google Analytics : __utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz, __utmv
Lemonstand
This website uses the Lemonstand e-commerce content management system. Lemonstand uses the following cookies to allow you to add products to your basket and submit your order.
Cookies Set By Lemonstand: FWCSESSID, eCommerce
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will aim to inform you before collecting your data if we intend to use your data for such purposes or we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purpose. You can exercise your right to prevent this happening by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
General
You have the right to see personal data (as defined under the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee of £10. Any request should be sent to:
County Alpacas, Unit 4D, Top Land Country Business Park, Cragg Road, Mytholmroyd, Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire HX7 5RW.
If you have questions concerning our privacy policy, please use our contact us to discuss them.
Keep inthe know
Newslettersign up
Contactingcounty alpacas
For more information on any of our products, contact us
County Alpacas support Peruvian charity Amantani
© 2020 County Alpacas
Site Hosted by Jet Design and Marketing