http://www.flyjohn.com/legal.html#terms
Legal Notices for FlyJohn.com
This website is operated by John Thywissen, an FAA-certified flight instructor and commercial pilot in Texas, U.S.A.
Terms of Use
Content Use
All content (including, but not limited to, text, graphics, images, sounds, video, artwork and computer code) and arrangement of such content on this website is owned by John Thywissen.
The content of this website is protected by copyright and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights.
Except as expressly provided below, no part of this website’s content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted, or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer or other medium without John Thywissen’s express prior written consent.
You may use information purposely made available on this website only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose, provided that you (1) not remove or obscure any proprietary, license, or copyright notices, (2) do not post or redistribute the information, (3) do not incorporate the information in any other work, and (4) do not modify the information.
Unauthorized Access Prohibited
This website operates on private computers and networks.
Beyond the public portions of this website, these computers and networks are for use by explicitly authorized persons only.
You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of this website, or to any of these computers and networks.
You may not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of this website or its associated computers and networks.
You may not interfere with or attempt to interfere with the operation of the website or its associated computers and networks.
Affiliate Links
We earn commission fees on some purchases made via certain links from this website.
These commission fees do not affect the price you pay; they come out of the seller’s profit.
Privacy Notice
In this Privacy Notice, we describe our privacy policies and procedures and identify the purposes for which personal information is collected, used, retained, and disclosed.
Collection
For each web browser request to this website, we store industry-standard web server log data, namely: • Origin internet domain name or IP address • If logged in to this website, login ID • Time of request • Request method, URL, and HTTP version • Response status code • Size of response • Request “Referer” [sic] header field • Request “User-Agent” header field
Note the following about industry-standard web server log data:
If you use the same internet domain name or IP address over time, this may identify your requests as related.
Your internet domain name or IP address may used to infer your approximate location (usually roughly at the city level) and your internet service provider.
Your web browser may reveal the page that linked to this website (including search terms used) in the “Referer” header.
Your web browser may reveal the product name and version of the web browser in the “User-Agent” header.
Some pages may contain content served from third parties, namely, Amazon, Apple, or the U.S. National Weather Service.
See their privacy notices (Amazon, Apple, NWS) for details.
We do not use tracking technologies (such as cookies) in public portions of the website; however, the third parties mentioned above may do so for content they serve.
We do not attempt to track your usage over time or across other Web sites; however, the third parties mentioned above may do so on pages that contain content which they serve.
Consent
By browsing this website, like any site on the Web, you implicitly consent to the recording of server log data.
Use and Retention
We use server log data to verify the proper operation of our websites, computers, and networks.
We retain server log data indefinitely.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We do not disclose personal information to third parties, except as follows:
Information may be disclosed to government entities when required by law, warrants, subpoenas, or other governmental orders.
Activity records, data transiting or stored on this network or computer, personal information, and other data may be disclosed for security and law enforcement purposes.