https://www.advanceconsulting.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Company Overview
Mission
What We Do
Clients & Industries
Our People
Greg Baker
Mia Benedict
Molly McGinn
C. Harry Eggleton
Nancy Raymond
Randy Stuhler
Career Opportunities
Unlocking the Power of Energy
Learn How
Get Help Harnessing Energy
Getting Started Harnessing Energy
Services
Training
Consulting Skills
Consulting Skills Workshops
Workshop Customization Options
Blended Delivery Options
Consultant Development Programs
Interpersonal Business Skills
Coaching and Feedback
Organizational Teamwork
Business Communication
Selling and Negotiating
Consultant Development Programs
Consultant Development Programs
Consulting
Change Management
Change Management Toolset
Sales and Account Optimization
Customer Focus
Matrix Design and Implementation
Operational Governance
Coaching
Speaking
Books
Media Kit
Insights
Login
Contact
Privacy Policy
Updated November 5, 2018
Advance Consulting is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy, (Privacy Policy), applies to the Advance Consulting website and governs data collection and usage. By using the Advance Consulting website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Advance Consulting collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home and/or work address and/or telephone number. Advance Consulting also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Advance Consulting . This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used by Advance Consulting for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Advance Consulting website.
In the event that you contact us for customer support through the website, we may also request that you provide additional User Information relevant to the support requested by you. Users are under no obligation to provide such information. However, we cannot guarantee that we can provide customer support in the event that relevant information related to the use of our products or services is withheld. We may retain communications relating to customer support, and/or information drawn from such communications, for statistical and/or reference purposes.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Advance Consulting public message boards or forums, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Advance Consulting does not read your private online communications with others.
Advance Consulting encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Advance Consulting so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Advance Consulting is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Advance Consulting and Advance Consulting family of websites or the use of your information by such outside websites.
Use of Your Personal Information
Advance Consulting collects and uses your personal information to operate the Advance Consulting website and deliver the services you have requested. Advance Consulting may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Advance Consulting and its affiliates. Advance Consulting may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services.
Advance Consulting does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Advance Consulting may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Advance Consulting may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. Such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Advance Consulting , and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Advance Consulting does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Advance Consulting keeps track of the websites and pages you visit within Advance Consulting in order to determine what Advance Consulting services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Advance Consulting to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Advance Consulting websites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Advance Consulting or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Advance Consulting (including enforcing this agreement); and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Advance Consulting , or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Advance Consulting website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Advance Consulting pages, or register with Advance Consulting site or services, a cookie helps Advance Consulting to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Advance Consulting website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Advance Consulting features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Advance Consulting services or websites you visit.
If you provide Advance Consulting with user information, you have the following rights with respect to that information:
To review the user information that you have supplied to us
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us
To request that your user information not be used to contact you
To request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use
To request that your user information be deleted from our records and
To opt out of being solicited by this website or third parties
If you request that your user information be deleted from our records, there may be a brief delay in our processing that request, while verify that the request is valid and originates from you as opposed to an unauthorized third party. If you request that your information be deleted, we reserve the right to terminate and/or limit your access to the Advance Consulting website. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at info@advanceconsulting .com.
Security of Your Personal Information
No method of safeguarding information is 100% secure. Advance Consulting uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Advance Consulting secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to This Statement
Advance Consulting will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Advance Consulting encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Advance Consulting is protecting your information. When such a change is made, we will update the “Last Updated” date above.
Enforcement of this Privacy Statement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact us at info@advanceconsulting.com.
To Unsubscribe From Advance Consulting
You may unsubscribe from Advance Consulting marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the company’s emails. Additionally, you may unsubscribe by contacting Advance Consulting Support at 1-831-372-9444.
Contact Information
Advance Consulting welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Advance Consulting has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Advance Consulting at info@advanceconsulting.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. Advance Consulting is located at 27570 Via Sereno, Carmel, CA 93923. We can be reached by phone at 1-831-372-9444.
CONTACT Advance Consulting Inc.
27570 Via Sereno
Carmel, CA 93923
831.372.9444
info@advanceconsulting.com
Recent Posts
We Can Build A Beautiful Business
Uncover The Deeper Organizational Diagnosis
Revolutionizing Change Management
Unlocking the Hidden Power of Energy in Business
We Know Not What We Do In Organizations
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR BLOG
First NameLast NameEmail*
CAPTCHA
Connect With Us
COPYRIGHT 2020 ADVANCE CONSULTING INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
|
Privacy Policy