http://www.calhounbanks.com/privacy-policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Rev. 08/2016
FACTS
WHAT DOES CALHOUN BANKS DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and Account Balances
Credit History and Credit Scores
Income and Payment History
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Calhoun Banks chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Calhoun Banks share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purpose—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes— to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes— information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 304-354-6116 or go to www.calhounbanks.com
Page 2
What we do
How does Calhoun Banks protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Calhoun Banks collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an Account or deposit money
Apply for a loan or use your credit or debit card
Make a wire transfer
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Calhoun Banks has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Calhoun Banks does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include direct marketing companies.