https://www.lg.com/us/caprivacy
To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
LG.com utilizes responsive design to provide a convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience from our website, please follow below instructions.
If you're using Internet Explorer 9 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
Skip to Contents
Skip to Accessibility Help
HOME
Privacy Portal - Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Portal
system error.
Please try again.
OK
A verification code has been sent to your email. Check out your Inbox.
OK
Go to page top
1Free shipping not available for parts and accessories. Free shipping to qualifying US destinations in the contiguous United States; not available for P.O. Boxes, addresses outside the contiguous 48 states, international addresses, Army Post Office (APO), Diplomatic Post Office (DPO) and Fleet Post Office (FPO).
Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online. Prices subject to change without notice. Quantities are limited. Check with your local retailers for their final price and availability.
Because life waits for no one, at LG USA we create consumer electronics, appliances and mobile devices that are designed to help you connect with those who matter most. Whether that means cooking a nutritious, delicious meal for your family, staying connected on-the-go, sharing your favorite photos, watching a movie with your kids or creating a clean, comfortable place to celebrate the moments that matter, we'll be there for you every step of the way. Designed with you in mind, LG products offer innovative solutions to make life good. With intuitive, responsive controls, sleek, stylish designs, and eco-friendly features, our collection gives you the power to do more at home and on the go. It includes: Mobile: To help you stay connected your way, our mobile devices feature powerful smartphones and slim tablets that fit seamlessly into your life. And whether you want to download the latest apps, shop online, text, track your fitness or just surf the web, they make it easy to do it all on-the-go.
TV/Audio/Video: If you can't get enough of your favorite sports, the latest movies, love 3D entertainment -- or just want to listen to your favorite music in stunning clarity -- our newest electronics can help you experience it all in a whole new way. Another plus? Now, you can get a one-year Disney+ subscription with participating OLED TV model purchases, or a 6-month subscription with participating NanoCell TVs.Appliances: Created to help you enjoy more of what life has to offer, our appliance collection features ranges and ovens that can help you cook healthy, delicious meals more efficiently, clean your dishes faster, do more laundry in less time, and even clean and cool your house so you can enjoy a comfortable space all year long. Computer Products: Life happens in an analog environment -- and on a digital plane. And our newest computer products can help you experience the best of both worlds. Designed to give you crystal-clear images, deep blacks and rich colors, plus the speed and storage you need to work and play, safeguard memories and protect important documents, they can help you make the most of life in every way. From the very first note, our collection will transform your living room into a stunning home theater Explore our complete collection of LG electronics, mobile devices, appliances and home entertainment solutions -- and find everything you need to connect with your friends and family, no matter where they are.
Copyright © 2009-2020 LG Electronics. All Rights Reserved
LG Jeong-Do Management Ethics Hotline