http://www.pnc.com/en/privacy-policy.html
PNC Privacy Policy | PNC
Toggle nav
Personal
Personal Home
Products & Services
Banking
Virtual Wallet®
Checking
Savings
Credit Cards
Prepaid & Debit Cards
Online & Mobile Banking
Student Banking
Military Banking
PNC WorkPlace Banking®
Private Client
Borrowing
HomeHQ
Mortgage
Mortgage Refinancing
Home Equity Loans & Lines of Credit
Auto Loans
Personal Loans & Lines of Credit
Student Loans
Student Loan Refinancing
Not Sure? Explore Lending Options
Investing &
Managing Wealth
Investments & Retirement
Wealth Management
Hawthorn, PNC Family Wealth®Ultra-Affluent Family Office Services
Learning
Explore Topics
Save
Spend
Borrow
Invest
Wealth Management
Small Business
See All
Popular
A College Student's Guide to Build Good Credit
Buying a Car? Timing is Everything
What You Need to Know Before You Finance Your Next Car
Making Your Money Work Harder at Tax Time & Beyond
See All
Featured
3 Tips to Help Manage a Never-Ending Shopping List
As your family's needs grow and change, so will your grocery list. By implementing a few easy tricks, you can manage your spending and return home happy.
Support
Stay Informed on News and Issues Impacting PNC Customers
Visit Update Center
Support
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Assistance
How to Make the Most of Your New Virtual Wallet®
Mortgage
Security & Privacy
Report Fraud
Report Phishing Attempt
Lost or Stolen Card
Visit Security & Privacy Center
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I find my account and routing number?
How do I change my phone number or address?
When will my deposit be available?
How do I dispute a transaction I do not recognize?
See All FAQs
How Can We Help You?
Call 1-888-PNC-Bank
Tweet @PNCBank_Help
Locate a Branch or ATM
Schedule an Appointment
Visit Customer Service Center
Offers
Checking & Savings. Together.
Spend, save and grow your money with Virtual Wallet®.
$100 or 50,000 Bonus Points
When you open and use select, new credit cards.
Earn $200
When you open and use a new, qualifying business checking account.
Get Up to $5,000
For a limited time, get a cash bonus when you fund a new or existing PNC Investments Managed Account.
Small Business
Small Business Home
Products & Services
Banking
Business Checking
Online & Mobile Services
Cash Flow Insight®
Business Credit Cards
Savings
More Ways to ManageCash Flow
PNC Merchant Services®
PINACLE® Express
Treasury Management
Accepting Payments
Accepting Card Payments
Remote Deposit Solutions
Contactless Payment Solutions
Making Payments
Online Bill Pay
Paying by Card
Payroll Processing
Business Lending
Business Credit Cards
Lines of Credit
Loans
SBA Loans
Business Vehicle Finance Loan
Commercial Real Estate Loan
For Your Employees
WorkPlace Banking
Retirement Plans
Health Savings Accounts
Industry Solutions
Healthcare
Retail
Manufacturers
Wholesalers
Agriculture
Professional Services
Accountants
Attorneys
Universities
Real Estate Agents
Women in Business
Veteran-Owned Business
Learning
Explore Topics
Starting Your Business
Supplier Diversity Program
Managing Your Business's Finances
Running Your Business
Growing Your Business
Business Planning
Corporate & Institutional
See All
Webcasts
Popular
Why Your Company Needs to Accept Mobile Payments
5 Steps to Funding Your Business
Choosing the Right Lender
Should I Grow My Business?
See All
Support
Stay Informed on News and Issues Impacting PNC Customers
Update Center
Support
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Assistance
Paycheck Protection Program
Starting Your Business
Quick Switch to PNC Kit
Getting Started with our Online & Mobile Banking
See All
Security & Privacy
Report Fraud
Report Phishing Attempt
Lost or Stolen Card
See All
Frequently Asked Questions
How can I find my account and routing number?
How do I change my phone number or address?
When will my deposit be available?
How do I dispute a transaction I do not recognize?
See All
How Can We Help You?
Call 1-877-BUS-BNKG
Tweet @PNCBank_Help
Locate a Branch or ATM
Visit Customer Service Center
Corporate & Institutional
Corporate & Institutional Home
Your Needs
Financing
Asset Based Lending
Commercial Lending
Equipment Financing
Loan Syndications
Asset Securitization
Mezzanine & Equity Finance
Dealer Finance
Asset Management
OCIO & Asset Servicing
Defined Contribution
Liquidity & Fixed Income
Learn More
Working Capital &
Treasury Management
Payables
Receivables
Deposit & Account Services
Liquidity & Investments
Online & Mobile Banking
Learn More
Business Succession Planning
Access to
Capital Markets
Asset Backed Finance
Fixed Income Securities
Initial Public Offering
Debt Capital Markets
Mergers & Acquisitions
Public Finance
Public Market Securities
Private Placements
Risk Management
Learn More
International Services
International Cash Management
Foreign Exchange
Trade Services
Trade Finance
Online International Services
Canada
China
Europe
Learn More
Our Businesses
Our Businesses
Commercial Banking
Corporate Banking
PNC Aviation Finance
PNC Business Credit
PNC Equipment Finance
PNC Healthcare
PNC Real Estate
Industry Specialties
Industry Specialties
Chemicals & Plastics
Commercial Real Estate
Energy
Federal Services
Financial Institutions
Food & Beverage
Government Contracting
Healthcare
Higher Education
Leasing & Transportation Finance
Metals & Mining
Nonprofits
Pharmaceuticals & Life Sciences
Power & Utilities
Sports Finance
State & Local Governments
Technology Finance
See All
Learning
Explore Topics
Maximize Cash Flow
Raise Capital
Mitigate Risk
Go International
Gain Market Insight
Manage Assets
Manage Nonprofit Enterprises
Pursue Strategic Alternatives
Business Succession Planning
LIBOR Transition
See All
Popular
See All
About Us
About Us Home
Company Profile
Our Company
Corporate Overview
Our Values
Leadership Team
Realty Services
Legacy Project
Business Continuity
Media
Media Room
Point of View
Economic Reports
Christmas Price Index
Meet Our Experts
Facts About PNC
Corporate Sponsorships
Run with PNC
Chip Ganassi Racing
Corporate Responsibility
Our Commitment
Corporate Social Responsibility
Diversity & Inclusion
Philanthropy at PNC
Supplier Diversity
Compliance Program
Community Impact
PNC Foundation
PNC Grow Up Great®
PNC Arts Alive
Charitable Sponsorships
Charitable Trusts
Community Development Banking
Investor Relations
Information
Investor Relations
Investor Events
SEC Filings
Financial Information
Financial Press Releases
Corporate Governance
Stock Information
Shareholder Services
Analyst Coverage
Acquired Company Information
Investor Kit
Topics
Economic Reports
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
Our Workplace
Careers at PNC
Awards and Recognition
Find Your Place
Experienced Professionals
Students & Graduates
Temporary Assignments
Life at PNC
Hiring Process
Recruiting Events
Español
Customer Service
Locations
Security
Search
SEARCH
SEARCH
This is hidden
DO NOT check this box if you are using a public computer. User IDs potentially containing sensitive information will not be saved.
Login
Sign on to Online Banking
Save User ID
Forgot User ID or Password?
ENROLL IN ONLINE BANKING:
Personal  |  Small Business
Sign on to PINACLE®
Sign on to another service:
SELECT SERVICE
Mortgage Application Status Tracker
PNC Benefit Plus HSA
Speedpay
I-Hub
I-Link
Account View
Advanced Reporting Tool
Corporate Actions Online
I-Hub
I-Link
Merchant ClientLine® Reporting
PINACLE Express
Tax Express
Appraiser Engagement
Borrower Insight® - Midland Loan Services
Borrower Insight® - PNC Real Estate
Cash Concentration
CMBS Investor Insight®
Corporate Actions Online
Derivatives
I-Hub
I-Link
Inspection Engagement
LIHTC Investor Reporting
PNC BeneFit Plus for Employers
Portfolio Investor Insight®
Retail Lockbox
Get our Mobile Banking Apps »
Personal and Small Business:
Sign on to Mobile Banking »
Personal and Small Business:
Sign on to Online Banking »
Corporate and Institutional:
Sign on to PINACLE® »
PNC Privacy Policy
This policy is effective 06/01/2020 and may be amended from time to time.
Review your rights as a California resident »
What PNC Does with your Personal Information
The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. ("PNC") family of companies is committed to treating and using personal financial information about you responsibly. The PNC Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect, why we collect it, how we protect it, and how and why in certain cases we may share it among PNC companies or with select other parties. We also tell you how to exercise your personal information sharing and use choices.
View or Print the PNC Privacy Policy, What Does PNC Do With Your Personal Information?
Ver o imprimir la política de privacidad en español
PNC will post online any changes to the PNC Privacy Policy and the PNC Website Customer Information Privacy Policy on or before the effective date of such changes. You will be able to determine the date of the last change by noting the revision (Rev.) date of the policy. If you have already notified us of your information sharing preferences, you do not need to notify us again.
To limit our sharing, you can:
Call 1-800-762-2118 - our menu will prompt you through your choice(s).
Online Banking Customers - simply sign-on at pnc.com then go to Customer Service - Privacy Preferences to make your choice(s).
If you are not currently a PNC Online Banking customer, you may click here to "Get Started" and enroll.
PNC Online and Mobile Privacy Policy
PNC's Commitment to You
PNC is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our online customers and site visitors. We protect your information online with the same care we utilize for all PNC transactions. This online privacy policy explains what information about you we collect, and how we use and protect it in mobile and internet commerce. Our online and mobile privacy practices strictly abide by the terms of our privacy notice, What Does PNC Do With Your Personal Information provided above.
This Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States. Some PNC affiliates are licensed to do business in foreign jurisdictions. The web sites of those affiliates have separate privacy policies which apply to their customers based upon the laws of the jurisdiction in which the affiliates are established.
Personal Information & Data
Personal Information
Personal information refers to any information about you that is personally identifiable to you. Your telephone number, name, address, and transaction history are examples of information that pertain to you personally.
Data
Data in the context of our online and mobile privacy policy generally refers to other information that we collect through your internet or mobile activities or which third parties may collect on our behalf. Such data may or may not be personally identifiable to you. Geolocation data collected from your mobile device when you ask for the location of the nearest ATM is personally identifiable when obtained through Mobile Banking.
Information Collection
We Collect Personal Information About You When:
You Provide Personal Information to Us --
PNC collects personal information online that you provide to us, such as when you log in, on applications you complete, and when you use our products and services. See What Does PNC Do With Your Personal Information for more information about what personal information is collected, how, and why.
We Obtain Personal Information from Others --
We obtain personal information from third parties such as credit bureaus and others to tailor your online experience.
We Gather Information Online --
PNC uses tools, such as cookies or click stream auditing, to gather information for internal uses, such as Web analytics and to personalize your visit.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site stores on a visitor's Web browser to remind the site about the visitor the next time they visit the site. PNC does not store confidential or sensitive personal information in cookies. PNC uses cookies to enhance our customers' online banking session by making navigation easier and providing important security features. For certain applications, such as Online Banking, cookies are a requirement because they help protect the privacy of a customer's transactions by, for example, automatically terminating the online session if the customer forgets to log out.
Cookies cannot be used to capture your e-mail address, obtain data from your hard drive or gain confidential or sensitive information about you. Additionally, cookies cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. Some Web sites, however, use cookies to obtain information from your browser. You can set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie, so that you can control whether you accept or reject a cookie. You will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser you use. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preference.
Click stream auditing
Click Stream Auditing includes information such as a web surfer's IP address, web pages which have been viewed or acted upon by a web surfer, date and time, domain type, and when a web surfer has responded to an advertisement. We may occasionally combine this information with individual information on an aggregate level to determine the effectiveness of our advertising.
Action Tags and Other Technologies
Action Tags are commonly referred to as Web beacons or GIF tags. This type of technology is inserted in various places within our Web site to collect anonymous information about your visits to the PNC site and your interaction with our ads and content. PNC may use certain technologies to collect additional information related to the status and condition of your mobile devices.  This information may be used to support the security of your transaction with PNC, determine industry trends, and for other research purposes.
Information Use
Personal information that we collect about you is used to provide you with optimal online experiences with us. We use it to help determine your financial interests and needs in order to recommend relevant products and services. We use personal information about you to qualify you for products and services that you request, to process your transactions, authenticate your identity, prevent fraud, and to keep your information and financial transactions secure.
Information Sharing
PNC shares your personal information within its family of PNC companies (affiliates) and with select third parties in accordance with the terms described in our privacy notice, What Does PNC Do With Your Personal Information. The notice also provides a toll free number for you to limit certain sharing. Additional information is provided below under Advertising and Tracking and under Your Options. We may share personal information when required by law or a subpoena or court order. We may also share personal information when we suspect fraud or for risk management purposes.
Children
PNC websites and mobile applications are not directed to children and do not knowingly collect information from children.
Access
PNC does not maintain a process which allows visitors to review and request changes to any of his or her personally identifiable information, including information that is collected through the use of cookies or other tracking devices, on the Web site or our online service. If you believe that PNC customer records contain any incorrect information about you, please contact us using the customer service contact information provided on your bank or investment statements, or other communications from us pertaining to the products and services you use. You may also contact your local branch, relationship manager, or broker.
Retention and Destruction
PNC retains personally identifiable information as long as necessary to provide the products and services for which the information was collected, to process and maintain a record of transactions, and as long as necessary for legal process or to satisfy government retention requirements. When the retention period expires, PNC destroys data that was maintained in any form in a manner that renders it completely unusable and incapable of restoration.
Advertising & Tracking
Tracking and Online Advertising
We use third party advertising and media companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. Through the use of cookies and Action Tags (commonly referred to as Web beacons or GIF tags), which are inserted in various places within our Web site, such third party companies may collect anonymous information about your visits to the PNC site and your interaction with our ads and content. For instance, they may keep track of how many of our ads you have seen on other web sites before visiting our Web site. This information is used to understand your browsing behavior and interests so that we can identify your financial needs and provide service and advertising that is tailored to you.
Behavioral Targeting
The third party companies we use for online tracking have a network of advertising companies and may share anonymous information about your visits to pnc.com and other Web sites with us, and may use it in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you and which would be relevant to you, based on your browsing on PNC.com. From time to time, we may also share anonymous information with such third party companies in an aggregate form, for purposes of analysis and improvement of our Web site. If you would like more information about the use of third-party cookies and tags, or the process of opting out of such cookies or tags, please go to www.networkadvertising.org.
Geolocation Data
PNC does not access location data stored on your mobile device without your permission. Some features, such as our Finder application which locates the nearest PNC branch or ATM and shows the best route to get there, will not fully function unless you have enabled access to your location data.
Social Media
Social Media
PNC maintains information on social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, and You Tube. When you post information on PNC social media pages it will be subject to the privacy and security conditions of the social media site. When you log into PNC owned social media properties, we collect information about your activities on those properties. The information we review includes whether you visited or commented on a blog or provided a rating.
PNC mobile applications are not socially enabled and do not allow you to connect to and share information with a community of other users, such as Facebook or Twitter, or the general public, such as You Tube.
Your Options
Online Tracking and Advertising
PNC uses third-party advertising networks to distribute our advertisements on other websites and mobile applications where we have paid to advertise. These advertisements may use tracking technologies to capture certain information, such as IP address, usage information, or your responsiveness to our advertisements. However, the technologies used do not capture information that identifies you individually. PNC does participate in third party ad network self-regulatory programs for online behavioral advertising.
Pursuant to these programs, PNC honors Do Not Track opt-out preferences that you make to third party advertising networks that we hire to perform online advertising on our behalf. Two examples are the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising and DoubleClick. Click on either or both of these links to stop online advertising from PNC by either of these ad programs. You can also help limit the amount of online advertising you receive by visiting www.networkadvertising.org to opt-out of advertising from Network Advertising Initiative member companies.
We do not deliver online advertising to customers that have opted out from the receipt of commercial email from PNC when an online advertising campaign utilizes customer email addresses in connection with a hashing process that anonymously matches our ads to our customers who have a presence on select websites.
PNC does not provide a Do Not Track opt-out mechanism to prevent online advertising to you. Instead, we utilize the established industry mechanisms discussed above.
PNC does not respond to a do-not-track signal from your browser. See www.networkadvertising.org for information on how to opt out from third party cookies or tags. As noted above, when you use PNC's web sites, third parties used by PNC may collect certain information which does not identify you individually on the PNC web sites or on other sites where PNC advertises. Please review the Privacy Policies of all web sites you visit to ascertain the type of information collected on those sites. The type of personal information that PNC collects online about you is identified above under heading Personal Information and Data, subsection: We Collect Personal Information About You When.
Location Tracking
Online advertising that relies on location tracking can be prevented by refusing to grant permission to use location data stored on your device. You can also set your device to block access to location data stored on your device. Refer to the user guide for your device.
Controlling Cookies
Visit the Federal Trade Commission to learn more about how to limit tracking and online advertising through controlling cookies and other tracking technology that is attached to your browser.
Joint Marketing
Joint marketing enables financial institutions to legitimately share customer information with another financial institution under a marketing arrangement to sell financial products and services. This practice is described in PNC's privacy notice, What Does PNC Do With Your Personal Information. Customers may call 1-800-762-2118 to opt out of joint marketing. Online Banking customers may opt out by accessing Privacy Preferences in Customer Service after signing on to Online Banking.
Affiliate Sharing and Marketing
PNC shares information about you among its family of companies in order to provide you with our full range of financial products and services. Please refer to page one of PNC's privacy notice, What Does PNC Do With Your Personal Information for a full explanation of these practices and see page two for an explanation regarding why all such sharing is not limited. Customers may call 1-800-762-2118 to opt out of affiliate sharing and marketing.
California Residents Only
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a right afforded to only residents of the State of California.
California defines residency as (1) every individual who is in the State for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State who is outside the State for a temporary or transitory purpose. All other individuals are nonresidents. Examples of domicile include paying taxable income, maintaining a permanent home, paying resident tuition, voting in a California election, or any other benefit not ordinarily extended to nonresidents.
Note that as part of servicing consumer requests and customer accounts, PNC may collect certain categories of information as noted in the “California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice”; however, not all categories of information are likely to be collected from or about each individual consumer. The specific categories of information collected are dependent on the PNC service(s) provided.
Due to other Federal and State laws, PNC may not be able to fulfill deletion of personal information because such information is needed to provide your product or service and/or meet legal requirements.
Review the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice »
Exercise my Rights for California Consumer Privacy Act Online
If you prefer to exercise your rights for California Consumer Privacy Act by phone, you can call 1-888-PNC-BANK.
Policy Changes
The effective date of this policy is provided above. Any updates or changes to the policy will be posted on this web site with the new revision date which is the effective date of changes. Your continued use of this website constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this policy.
Contact
You may contact us using the customer service contact information provided on your bank or investment statements, or other communications from us pertaining to the products and services you use. You may also contact your local branch, relationship manager, or broker.
Other Information Resources
Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Information: Privacy and Identity
Federal Communications Commission, Consumer Publications Library
Federal Trade Commission -- Cookies
OnGuardOnline.gov
GET IN TOUCH
Customer Service
@PNCBank_Help
Feedback
Banking on the Go
We have tools to help you bank when and where you want.
Mobile Apps Directory »
Stay Connected
Social Media Directory »
Join Us
Be part of our inclusive culture that strives for excellence and rewards talent.
Visit PNC Careers »
Security
Accessible Banking
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
To get the most of this PNC experience,
we recommend upgrading your browser.