http://www.eurocommunication.com/en/legal-notices.html
Skip to main content
What we can offer you
Who we are
Why choose us?
Quotation
Contact
Blog
Legal notices
Edited by:
euro communication EWIV
Salma Beydoun-Schumann
Falkensteiner Straße 14
D-60322 Frankfurt
Telefon +49 (0) 69 72 51 43
Fax +49 (0) 69 710 33 625
E-Mail: s.b.schumann@eurocommunication.com
Managing Directors
Christine Müller-Welt, Lorenz Mohler
Commercial Register
Amtsgericht Charlottenburg
Registration Number:
HR A 47061 B
Design:
GOT Intermedia Agency
Lange Rötterstraße 66
D-68167 Mannheimwww.got.de
Terms of Use
Users are not allowed to copy, distribute, modify, or grant third-party access to the contents on euro communication´s website without the prior approval of euro communication.
Legal Disclaimer
While euro communication uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, the information on our site is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind whatsoever. In no event shall euro communication be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages, or damages for loss of profits, revenue, data or use, incurred by you or any third party, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous action, arising from your access to, or use of, euro communication´s website. This also applies to third-party websites to which a hyperlink is provided. euro communication is providing these links only as a convenience and cannot be held liable for any information (third party contents) contained in these linked websites which are beyond our control.
Privacy
Within the scope of our Internet services we sometimes ask you for personal and business information (e-mail addresses, names, addresses). Any such details are provided voluntarily and at your own discretion. Any personal data shall exclusively be stored and applied for your personal support. These data enable us to provide you with any information you request or submit service offers that might be relevant for you. euro communication EEIC assures you that your personal data will be treated in confidence and in compliance with applicable privacy regulations.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website.
Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
back to top
Search form
Search
Berlin
Düsseldorf
Frankfurt
Geneva
Karlsruhe
London
Mannheim
Rome
Stuttgart
Zurich
Interpreting
Consultancy services
Translating