https://www.ebac.com/support/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Washing MachinesDehumidifiersTake A TestAccessories
Opening Times: Mon - Fri: 8am-7pm | Sat: 9am-1pm
Opening Times: Mon - Fri: 8am-7pm | Sat: 9am-1pm
Privacy Policy (Last Updated: April 2019)
Ebac Group whose registered office is at Ketton Way, Aycliffe Business Park, DL5 6SQ and its subsidiary company: Site 1 Ebac Limited; address, which is the same as the “Groups” registered office and site 2, Heighington Lane, Newton Aycliffe, Durham, DL5 6UE are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We are the data controller of any personal data we process for our business purposes and are responsible for this personal data.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, our customers, clients, suppliers, contractors, shareholders, website visitors, or other third parties whose data we may process, will be processed by us.
1. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
2. Information we may collect from you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you such as:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services).
3. How is your personal data collected?
We only collect data from and about you that you may give us by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you, for example, apply for our products or services; create an account with us; subscribe to our service or publications; request marketing to be sent to you; enter a competition, promotion or survey; or give us some feedback.
Informing us of changes: It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Monitoring: We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance.
Credit checking: To enable us and other companies in our group to make credit decisions about you and for fraud prevention and money laundering purposes, we may search the files of credit reference and fraud prevention agencies (who will record the search). If you provide false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we may record this.
4. Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
Identity, contact, transaction and financial details
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including: to manage payments, fees and charges; and to collect and recover money owed to us
Identity, contact, transaction and financial details
Performance of a contract with you
To manage our relationship with you which will include notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy, or sending service updates regarding products.
Identity and contact details
Performance of a contract with you
To ask you to leave a review or take a survey, or to participate in market research.
Identity and contact details
Necessary for our legitimate interests, to keep our records updated and to understand how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business.
To enable you to partake in a prize draw or competition.
Identity and contact details
Performance of a contract with you (if you choose to enter the competition)
To administer and protect our business and website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Some identity and transaction data
Necessary for our legitimate interests, for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise.
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Identity and contact details
Necessary for our legitimate interests, to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Identity and contact details
In some instances, this may be necessary for our legitimate interests, to develop our products/services and grow our business, and we may send you marketing information on this basis if you have given us your details in the course of a sale or pre-sale negotiations, and we are marketing similar products or services. We will give you the opportunity to opt out of marketing when first collecting the details and in every subsequent message. In others we will only send you marketing emails or communications if we have your consent.
5. Disclosure of your personal data
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site; and
credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if all, or substantially all, of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets; and
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you access our website.
We use cookies to better the users experience while visiting the Site. Cookies are small files saved to your computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about your interactions and usage of the Site. This Site uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage.
The software will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information https://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Google Analytics’ cookies store IP addresses but we cannot link those addresses to any individual or path through the website. Google uses the cookies to read information and evaluate visitors’ use of the website in the form of statistical reports that we can access.
The Google Analytics’ code is incorporated into our site’s code so that our site serves the cookies, but Google has access to the cookies. You can stop being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites by going to Google’s site at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Google Analytics’ terms require us to reproduce the following wording in this policy:
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
Types of Cookies we may use:
Paid Advertising:
Google Ads – holds site wide performance trends for this website used to determine website KPI’s and ROI
Google Remarketing – holds content accessed on this website, used to serve and advert to a particular person who has visited a page on this website
Google Display Network – holds site wide performance trends for this website used determine website KPI’s and ROI
Bing Paid Search – holds site wide performance trends for this website used to to determine KPI’s and ROI
Facebook – holds content accessed on this website. For more information see https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy; used to deliver personalised content through Facebook advertisements
Snapchat – holds content accessed on this website and user email addresses and/or phone numbers for Snapchat to potentially match your browser for both analytics and advertising purposes. For more information see: https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy/
Hotjar – gathers data by recording sessions and polls for this website used to determine website KPI’s and ROI. For more information see https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
Zoho Pagesense – records sessions for this website used to determine website KPI’s and ROI. For more information see https://www.zoho.eu/privacy.html
Email marketing platform:
Mailchimp – holds users preferences; used to track the delivery and monitor the progress of email newsletters and marketing campaigns
7. International Transfers
We do not in the course of our standard business functions transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
We may share your personal data within the Ebac Group, and with third party contractors, for example haulage companies, which may involve transferring your data outside the EEA.
We only transfer personal data out of the EEA where we have ensured adequate safeguards are implemented, or where the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract in the interest of the data subject between Ebac and another party.
8. Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed, and only authorised staff or third parties can access and use personal data. However, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. Data Retention
We will not keep your personal data in an identifiable form for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data is processed, including for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. Once your personal data is no longer needed, it is deleted or anonymised in accordance with our data retention guidelines.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers, clients, suppliers and contractors for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
10. Third Party Links
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
11. Your rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”).
Request correction of any inaccurate personal data that we hold about you.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which overrides your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data: This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
Complain you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
12. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed, please contact us at dataprotection@ebac.com
Washing Machines
Cold Fill Washing Machines
Hot Fill Washing Machines
Exceptional Cleaning
Hot Fill Explained
Great Reliability
Quiet Running
About Ebac
Which? Review
Made in England
Dehumidifiers
Accessories
Contact Us
Warranty
Returns Policy
Terms and conditions
×
Washing MachinesCold Fill Washing MachinesHot Fill Washing MachinesExceptional CleaningHot Fill ExplainedGreat ReliabilityQuiet RunningAbout EbacWhich? ReviewMade in EnglandDehumidifiersAccessoriesContact UsWarrantyReturns PolicyTerms and conditions
There are no products
×
Item Added to your Cart!
There are no products
Subtotal:
: £0.00
View Cart
Checkout
Continue Shopping
Cookies Information
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.
Accept
Cookie Policy
Change Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Privacy settings
Decide which cookies you want to allow.
You can change these settings at any time. However, this can result in some functions no longer being available. For information on deleting the cookies, please consult your browser’s help function.
Learn more about the cookies we use.
With the slider, you can enable or disable different types of cookies:
Block all
Essentials
Functionality
Analytics
Advertising
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selected
This website won't:
Remember your login detailsFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and country
This website won't:
Remember your login detailsAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsl Functionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions
This website won't:
Remember your login detailsAdvertising: Use information for tailored advertising with third partiesAdvertising: Allow you to connect to social sitesAdvertising: Identify device you are usingAdvertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsl Functionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Use information for tailored advertising with third partiesAdvertising: Allow you to connect to social sitesl Advertising: Identify device you are usingAdvertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website won't:
Remember your login details
Save & Close