http://www.wayne-dalton.com/privacy-policy
Sign In
Garage Door Design CenterArchitect Resource CenterFind a Dealer
Garage DoorsAluminum DoorsFiberglass DoorsSteel DoorsVinyl DoorsWood DoorsCommercial DoorsHigh Speed DoorsRolling DoorsSectional DoorsApplicationsSupportCustomer SupportVideosFAQsDealer Resources
Garage DoorsAluminum DoorsFiberglass DoorsSteel DoorsVinyl DoorsWood DoorsCommercial DoorsHigh Speed DoorsRolling DoorsSectional DoorsApplicationsSupportCustomer SupportVideosFAQsDealer ResourcesGarage Door Design CenterArchitect Resource CenterFind a Dealer
Page Heading HTML
Privacy Policy
Revised January 2020
Wayne Dalton, a division of Overhead Door Corporation (“Wayne Dalton”) respects your privacy rights and appreciates your interest in our products and services.
This privacy policy (“Policy”) is effective as of January 27, 2020 and applies to Wayne Dalton’s U.S. based websites, mobile sites, and mobile apps that expressly adopt, display, or link to this Policy (“Site”). It also applies to personal information (“PI”) we collect, use, and disclose in connection with Wayne Dalton’s pages on social media sites such as Facebook®, Twitter®, Google Plus®, Pinterest®, LinkedIn®, or others.
Any use prior to this date may be governed by an earlier version of this policy.
If you have any questions about our Policy or believe that our Site is not conforming to this Policy, please contact Wayne Dalton by one of the methods listed below.
Wayne Dalton2501 S. State Hwy 121 Business, Suite 200Lewisville, TX 75067
Toll-Free Phone: (800) 275-3290
E-mail:
info@wayne-dalton.com
Your Consent. By accessing the Site, you expressly consent to Wayne Daltons collection, use, disclosure and storage of your PI and other information received by us as a result of such use in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, your consent, and as permitted or required by applicable law. If you do not agree to the forgoing, you should immediately stop using or accessing the Site.
In the event you change your mind at a later date, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, or modify your contact information, by sending a request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the email listed above and indicate on the subject line, “Privacy Compliance.” Please also note that the Site may be hosted in countries other than yours, including the United States. By accessing the Site, you expressly consent to the transfer of your information outside of your home country, which may provide for different data protection rules than in your country.
Wayne Dalton’s Collection of Information. Wayne Dalton Site does not record your name, mailing address, email address, phone number, or similar information unless you provide it to us. Examples of how you may provide this type of information to Wayne Dalton is when you respond to a survey, fill out a form, request information, apply for a job, or contact us by email or phone.
Wayne Dalton uses the information to fulfill your requests, administer programs, provide services, and for other business purposes.
Automated Interactions. Wayne Dalton Site may automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to store on a web browser, so it can later be read back from that browser. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we may use web beacons and log files to track actions occurring on the site and to collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and other information about how you interact with the Site. These technologies are used to help us better understand our visitors, save visitor preferences, and to help us develop new tools and features for the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”. Wayne Dalton may use this Device Information to help us screen for potential risk and fraud, and more generally to improve and optimize the Site. You may also encounter cookies on our websites, applications, and services that are placed by third parties.
For example, when you buy our products online, our e-commerce vendor may use cookies and other technologies.
To understand how third parties use cookies, please review their privacy and cookie policies.
You can disable this feature or erase this information at any time through your web browser.
However, if cookies are disabled, some of our services may not function properly.
Mobile Device Applications. Wayne Dalton’s Mobile Device applications (“App”) may require access to device features such as the camera, calling, location, and notifications.
Access to these features may be necessary to allow you to scan a product QR code, allow you to call customer service from within the App, to set your time zone for timed events, and to notify you of status changes. You are able to prevent our App from accessing these features upon installation or through the device settings. We recommend you review the “help” or user manual for instructions on how this can be done. When you create a user profile on the App, you may be asked to provide your name, email address, telephone number, and/or other information.
A record of your controller commands, quality of your data connection, door operation history, and other technical information may be stored within the App. Wayne Dalton’s authorized employees may also have access to this information.
Wayne Dalton’s use of any such information will comply with this Policy.
Location Based Services. Wayne Dalton’s Site and/or Apps may use location-based services.
For example, our Site may allow you to search for a distributor that sells Wayne Dalton products. If you access our Site through a mobile device or desktop device and you have enabled location-based services, specific location information may be collected. Your mobile device and desktop web browser may allow you to disable location-based services. We recommend you review the “help” or user manual for instructions.
Information You May Provide to Third Parties. Third party vendors such as Google may use first-party cookies such as the “Google Analytics” cookies and third-party cookies such as the “DoubleClick” cookie, or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our Site. Google will drop a cookie with a randomly-generated ClientID in your browse that is anonymized, and we may send Google your IP Address.
We may also use Google features such as the “Google Display Network Impression Reporting” and “Demographics and Interests Reporting” on our Site. Analytics such as age, gender, language you speak, region you are from, frequency you visit our Site, whether you are a new or returning user, and type of browser you are using may be shared. You can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information by visiting
www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also learn more about the Google Analytics opt-out add-on by visiting
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Information Wayne Dalton May Provide to Third Parties. Wayne Dalton does not sell or rent your PI to outside unaffiliated parties except as described in this Policy. Wayne Dalton may share your information with our website servicing partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Site, conducting our business, e-mail delivery, auditing, and other similar services. For example, Wayne Dalton may provide your address to the shipping carrier where you have requested shipment for a purchase.
Your information may also be shared with current or future Wayne Dalton affiliated entities and we may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our Site policies, or protect Wayne Dalton’s or a third parties rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be shared with other parties for other purposes.
Social Media. Wayne Dalton may use your information to interact with you on third party social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter or video-sharing sites such as YouTube; or for the purpose of giveaways or providing you information, promotions, and offers.
Provided we have obtained your prior consent we may post your testimonials on our Site and social networks.
If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
info@wayne-dalton.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Wayne Dalton reserves the right to remove any posts or comments that are inappropriate which includes, but is not limited to, inappropriate comments, factually incorrect information, or anything political.
Some of Wayne Dalton’s websites, apps, and services may allow you to participate in discussions, bulletin boards, blogs, chat rooms, message boards, and other forms of social networking. Be aware that anyone who accesses these areas may read, collect, and use the information you provide. For example, you may share information through features such as the Facebook "Like" button, the "Share" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our website ("widgets").
The social features may be hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature.
Marketing. If Wayne Dalton sends you email advertisements we will avoid the use of false or misleading subjects or email addresses, identify the message as an advertisement, include the physical address of our headquarters, and monitor third-party email marketing services, if applicable.
You may elect to stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails and other marketing communications at any time.
To do so, please let us know by using the opt-out response device that can be found at the bottom of each such email or contacting us at the address listed above.
While you can elect not to receive promotional messages, we reserve the right to send you informational emails about your account or administrative notices regarding the Site as permitted under the CAN-SPAM Act.
Security. Wayne Dalton has implemented reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of PI under our control and appropriately limits access to it. In certain areas of this Site, Wayne Dalton may use SSL encryption to enhance the security of data transmissions. While Wayne Dalton strives to protect your PI, we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose PI.
Wayne Dalton urges you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Laws and regulations guide us in how to give you notification when certain types of sensitive information are involved in a security breach. We will provide you with notice in accordance with these laws and regulations. If you become aware of a security issue, please contact Wayne Dalton at the email address listed above.
Data Retention. We may retain the information we collect for as long as needed to provide the products or services; for the purposes outlined in this Policy or the purpose outlined in the policy that was in effect at the time the data was collected; as necessary to comply with our legal obligations resolve disputes and enforce our agreements; or to the extent permitted by law.
Do Not Track. Various browsers, including Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari, currently offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology that sends a signal to the website a user is visiting about that user’s browser preferences. As of the date this policy was issued, Wayne Dalton’s Site is not able to honor DNT’s.
Links to Other Websites. Wayne Dalton’s Site may have links to third-party websites, many of which have their own privacy policies.
You acknowledge that accessing any third-party websites that are linked to this Site is at your own risk and that the collection and that such third-party’s collection and use of your data is governed by the privacy policy of that third-party website. You should review the privacy policy of any such website you choose to visit.
Protecting Children’s Privacy. This Site is intended for adults and we do not knowingly collect PI from children under 13 years of age.
If you believe your child has submitted PI to this Site, please contact us immediately.
California Consumer Privacy Act Rights (“CCPA”).
California consumers have the right to request that Wayne Dalton disclose information about our collection and use of your PI over the preceding 12 months. Once we have verified your request, we will disclose what PI we have collected about you and if we have sold your PI to a third party.
In the event we have sold your PI as defined by the CCPA, you may also ask to know the categories of your PI we have sold and to whom we have sold it. California consumers also have a right to request that Wayne Dalton delete certain PI that we retain unless we need to retain the PI in order to do any of the following: provide goods or services to the consumer; detect or resolve issues security or functionality-related issues; comply with the law; conduct research in the public interest; safeguard the right to free speech; or carry out any actions for internal purposes that the consumer might reasonably expect.
For data portability requests, we will select a format that is readily useable, and in accordance with the CCPA we will not discriminate against any consumer who chooses to exercise their rights.
California Resident Access Request To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described below, California residents may submit a verifiable consumer request to Wayne Dalton by either calling 833-314-0167; or emailing
privacy@wayne-dalton.com. Your request must: (1) indicate on the subject line, “Privacy Compliance”; (2) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected PI or an authorized representative; and (3) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
You may also authorize an agent to submit a request on your behalf, so long as you provide the authorized agent written permission to request on your behalf, and your authorized agent additionally is able to verify their identity with us.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable request within 45 days of its receipt.
Policy Updates. Wayne Dalton may periodically change this Policy to keep pace with new industry practices and regulatory requirements, among other reasons. Any non-material changes will take effect immediately upon posting, and we will indicate the last modified date at the top of this document.
There may, however, be cases where changes to the policy may be more significant.
In such cases, we will provide you with a prominent notice of such changes before they take effect or will directly send you a notification. Your continued use of our products and services after the effective date of the Policy means that you accept the revised Policy.
If you do not agree to the revised Policy, please refrain from using our products or services and contact us using one of the methods listed at the top of this document to close any account you may have created.
Terms and Conditions. Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Site.
Copyright ©
Wayne Dalton