http://www.ukstt.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookies
United Kingdom Society for Trenchless Technology privacy policy
UK Society for Trenchless Technology takes great care to preserve your privacy and safeguard any personal details you share with us. We aim to be clear when we collect your information and not do anything you wouldn’t reasonably expect. This policy explains how we collect and use your personal information. Examples of your personal information would include your name, address and email address.
UK Society for Trenchless Technology is a member-based business support organisation that promotes the use of trenchless technology through education and training. To enable us to achieve this, we hold information about our members, collaborators, customers and the services and resources in which they have expressed an interest as well as suppliers, press and media contacts and other contacts. This information is used to keep our members, collaborators and customers up-to-date with new developments in the industry, opportunities to meet, network or communicate with their peers and key organisations in the sector, manage the membership or other commercial agreements we hold with them and from time to time to obtain feedback on UK Society for Trenchless Technology’s activities.
By using our website or providing us with your personal information you are agreeing to this policy.
This Privacy Policy only relates to personal information collected by us via our websites or from:
using our services
participation in a collaborative activity
participation in a research project
participation in training and network events
applying for a job
phoning us
writing to us
sending us an email
business cards provided to us by you
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information provided to us via any other website.  Users should be aware that if they access other websites, using the links provided, these are outside our control. If you provide personal information to other companies, the privacy polices of those companies determine how the information is used and our Privacy Policy will no longer apply.
About Us
In this Privacy Policy, references to “we” or “us” are to UK Society for Trenchless Technology, a company limited by guarantee incorporated in England and Wales (registered number 2928687) whose registered office is Camden House, Warwick Road, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 1TH, who will be the controller of any personal data processed as described in this Privacy Policy.
How do we collect information?
We may collect information about you whenever you interact with us. For example, when you contact us regarding our activities, register on one of our websites, sign up to one of our newsletters, sign up for an event or training course, order services or engage with our social media accounts, you may specifically and knowingly provide us with your personal information.
If your employer is a member of UK Society for Trenchless Technology, we may receive information from them to enable us to contact you on their behalf to fulfil our membership service agreement with them and we will only use it to contact you in your capacity as a representative of that organisation. In addition, we collect aggregated or anonymous information about the services you use and how you use them, like when you visit our website or view and interact with our content.
What information do we collect?
When you interact with us, we may ask you to provide us with your name, job title, address, email address, telephone number and areas of professional or sector interest. We would not ordinarily require you to provide us with any personal sensitive information, for example regarding your health or marital status. We may ask you to advise us of any dietary requirements when you register for events or training courses which are catered, however this information is not stored.
We may collect some, or all, of this information when you visit our website, depending on how you use it. We also monitor how people use our website, so we can improve it. However, you can use our website without giving us any personal information. If you visit our site anonymously, we may however still record information about:
the areas of the website visited
the amount of time spent on the site
whether you are new to the site, or have visited it before
how you came to our website – for example, through a link in an email or a search engine
the type of device, browser, network location and internet connection used
specific actions taken on the website, for example downloading our information resources.
We do this by using cookies, which you can learn more about in the specific section below.
How do we use your information?
We may use your information in a number of ways and for a number of purposes including:
To provide you with information or services that you have requested from us (including member level access to our websites) or that we feel may be of interest to you
To provide you with information about our work or our activities
To invite you to participate in events or training, either as an attendee, speaker, sponsor or other contributor
For administrative purposes (for example, we may contact you regarding an event for which you have registered or in connection with membership)
For internal record keeping relating to any feedback or complaints
To contact you where you have been identified as a contact person for an organisation (either a member or non-member), (if we obtain your contact details in this way, we will only use them to contact you in your capacity as a representative of that organisation)
To analyse and improve the operation of our website
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Marketing
We may use the information you have provided us with to contact you for marketing purposes by email if you have specifically provided your consent to for us to do so. We may also send you service communications via email, for example where you place an order for goods or services, or to advise you of your eligibility to take advantage of services and research if you are an employee of a member organisation.
We promise to make all reasonable efforts to keep your details secure and as required by law, we will never share your details with other organisations to use for their own or marketing purposes.
As of 25th May 2018, UK Society for Trenchless Technology will operate a consent-based approach to marketing activities. From this date, all new contacts will be specifically asked whether you consent to our contacting you for marketing and information services. If you decline to consent, we will no longer contact you for marketing or information purposes.
You can withdraw your consent to be contacted by UK Society for Trenchless Technology at any time. All of our communications provide a clear route for you to opt out and should you wish to change your communication preferences, you can do this at any time, either via your website registration account, emailing Admin or writing to us at Camden House, Warwick Road, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 1TH
Sharing of your information
UK Society for Trenchless Technology does not share or sell personal information about any person with third parties for the purposes of marketing. UK Society for Trenchless Technology may disclose your personal information to third parties when permitted by law including:
with your consent
to our suppliers in order for them to help us provide our services to you, this includes:
our providers of customer relationship management services (which allows us, for example, to manage your membership benefits or purchases)
our provider of file storage and management services if you email us directly
our payment services provider, to process your payment when you make a purchase
event venue/management providers for registration and dietary requirement confirmation.
UK Society for Trenchless Technology requires all suppliers with access to personal information collected or maintained by UK Society for Trenchless Technology to demonstrate compliance with the relevant legislation.
if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, provided that they continue to use your information substantially in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy
if all, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired by a third party provided that they continue to use your information substantially in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, in which case information held by us will be one of the transferred assets
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Holding and storing your information
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, for example, to provide you with a service you have requested, provide access to benefits, maintain copyright information, meet contractual research agreements, or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements. All information is stored on the secure servers of our provider of file storage and management services. From our understanding of the GDPR regulations the data we hold would be a ‘low risk’ in relation to our contacts.
When you register on our website, we may ask you to choose a password which enables you to access the online content. You are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share this password with anyone. Registrations will be downloaded from the website into the UK Society for Trenchless Technology environment.
We (through global third parties acting on our behalf to manage for example website, database, email broadcast or events registration) may also store or process information that we collect about you in countries outside the European Economic Area. UK Society for Trenchless Technology requires all administration and service suppliers with access to personal information collected or maintained by us to demonstrate contracted robust compliance with the relevant legislation and to provide us details of any security breach in a timely manner so that we can inform our contacts within the prescribed timeframe.
UK Society for Trenchless Technology will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that all personally identifiable information relating to UK Society for Trenchless Technology and received via the Internet or stored within UK Society for Trenchless Technology systems is secure against unauthorised access. We have in place technical and organisational security measures to prevent the loss or unauthorised access of your personal information.  However, whilst we have used our best efforts to ensure the security of your data, please be aware that we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted over the Internet.
If you have any questions about security, please contact us.
Consent and Legitimate Interests
By giving us your personal information, you consent to us collecting and using that information in the ways that we describe in this privacy policy and / or that you have specifically consented to.
Where we need your specific consent, we will always ensure that you are as fully informed as possible at the time on what we do with your information, with whom it may be shared and how long we will keep it. This is in line with the requirements of the relevant legislation. You can alter your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time as described below.
Whilst we must gain your consent to send emails to you if we have had no prior interaction with you, as required by Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we can rely on Legitimate Interests to process personal data of contacts with whom there exists a relationship without requiring further consent so long as there is a balanced legitimate interest.
A Legitimate Interests Assessment has been carried out by UK Society for Trenchless Technology and it is established that there is a balanced Legitimate Interest in place with regard to those employees of member organisations or supplier organisations, sole traders, event attendees and other contacts with whom UK Society for Trenchless Technology has had an existing relationship, prior to 25th May 2018 so that we may continue to process this data without the further or renewed consent of the data subject, who may withdraw consent at any time by contacting us.
Job applicants and current and former employees
If you apply to work at UK Society for Trenchless Technology, we will only use the information you give us to process your application and to monitor recruitment statistics. If we want to disclose information to someone outside of UK Society for Trenchless Technology, for example if we need a reference, we will make sure we tell you beforehand, unless we are required to disclose this information by law.
If you apply for a job opportunity we will also collect information so we can assess your suitability for the role.
If you are unsuccessful in your job application, we will hold your personal information for a maximum of six months after we’ve finished recruiting the post you applied for. After this date we will destroy or delete your information.
If you begin employment with us, we will put together a file about your employment. We keep the information in this file secure and will only use it for matters that apply directly to your employment.
Once you stop working for us, we will keep this file according to our record retention guidelines. You can contact us to find out more about this.
Your rights and accessing your personal data held by UK Society for Trenchless Technology
You have a right to ask us to stop processing your personal information, and if it’s not necessary for the purpose you provided it to us for (e.g. processing your resource requirements or registering you for an event) we will do so. Contact us by emailing us at Admin or by writing to us at UK Society for Trenchless Technology, Camden House, Warwick Road, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 1TH if you have any concerns.
You have a right to ask for copies of the personal information we hold about you, and details of how we use that information. If there are any discrepancies in the information we provide, please let us know and we will correct them.
You can also update your personal information or change your preferences for communications by emailing us at Admin or by writing to us at UK Society for Trenchless Technology, Camden House, Warwick Road, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 1TH
You have a right to be ‘forgotten’ by UK Society for Trenchless Technology. This will involve us identifying and deleting or anonymising all data held about you by us and any suppliers we use to provide services to you and process our data, where this does not affect UK Society for Trenchless Technology ability to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements.
UK Society for Trenchless Technology will determine that there is no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information. Where we are informed by your employer that you no longer work for the company, or if mail is returned to that effect or there are two consecutive hard email bounces, we will either delete or anonymise your personal data. If you are a sole trader or individual, if mail is returned or there are two consecutive hard email bounces, or you do not open any emails for a period of 12 months we will contact you to request consent to continue to hold and process your information and subsequently, as appropriate, we will either delete or anonymise it.
Where deletion or anonymisation is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion or anonymisation is possible.
In relation to all of these rights, please contact us in the first instance, outlining your specific request. We will then advise you of the process. This will, as a minimum, involve you supplying us with proof of your identity to ensure that we only provide personal information to the right person.
We will always acknowledge your request within 5 working days and respond as fully as possible within one month of receipt. Where the request is complex we will always seek to fully respond within two months. We reserve the right to charge a fee for unfounded and excessive requests.
In certain circumstances (e.g. where required or permitted by law) we might not be able to provide you with access to some of your personal information, but where appropriate we will notify you of the reasons for this.
You have a right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority
Payment card information
If you use your credit or debit card to pay for example for membership or to register your place at an event, we will ensure that this is done securely. We will take your card details over the phone and then will process the payment and delete the details immediately after processing and will not retain details of your payment card.
Cookies
Cookies are small, often encrypted text files, located in your browser directories. They are used by web developers to help users navigate their websites efficiently and perform certain functions. Due to their core role of enhancing/enabling usability or site processes, disabling cookies may prevent users from using certain websites. There are different types of cookies, each used to do different things such as allowing you to navigate between pages on a website efficiently, remembering your preferences, or storing your username, account passwords or the contents of your shopping cart.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable this function by changing the settings in your browser. To find out more about cookies including what they are, how to control them or how to delete them, please visit www.aboutcookies.org.
UK Society for Trenchless Technology uses a number of cookies across all of our websites, including:
Cookies for Google Analytics, this stores non-specific information which allows us to understand how our users arrive at our website, what they do whilst they are on the website, what information they look at whilst on the website, etc. The data collected is anonymous and does not in any way impact on Cookies that are set when a customer logs in to the UK Society for Trenchless Technology website or accesses their member account, this allows you to log in more easily and improves user interaction with the UK Society for Trenchless Technology website.
Cookies used to store the contents of a user’s shopping cart and purchase history, enhancing the shopping experience. These cookies are essential for site functionality as well as making the website as user-friendly as possible.
Cookies used to remember your preferences for tools found on our web sites, so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you switch a page or each time you visit. They will remember your user login, the language you prefer and other things such as what video streaming speeds you use.
The UK Society for Trenchless Technology website may contain links to third party websites, this means that when you click on the links to those websites you may be agreeing to the use of cookies from their websites. This privacy policy only applies to UK Society for Trenchless Technology and its websites, so when you visit external websites please read their privacy policies carefully. We accept no responsibility for external websites.
Contacting UK Society for Trenchless Technology
The Data Controller for UK Society for Trenchless Technology is Lynn Maclachlan, Business Development Manager.
If you have any questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the details below:
UK Society for Trenchless Technology
FAO: Data Controller
UKSTT,Camden House,
Warwick Road,
Kenilworth,
Warwickshire, CV8 1TH
United Kingdom
Email:  Admin
Tel:     01926 513773
Changes to the privacy policy
We may update or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, to comply with law or to meet our changing business requirements. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. Any updates or amendments will be posted on the website.
By continuing to use our website you will be deemed to have accepted such changes.
This policy was last updated on 24th May 2018.
Our website uses cookies from third party services to improve your browsing experience. Read more about this and how you can control cookies by clicking "Privacy Preferences".
Privacy Preferences
I Agree