https://www.espressoparts.com/termsprivacy
Menu
Parts
Commercial Espresso Parts
Portafilters
Steam Valves
Sight Glass
Steam Wands
Group Gaskets
Solenoids
Pumps
Fittings & Hoses
Brewer Parts
Top Brands
Ascaso Parts
La Marzocco Parts
Nuova Simonelli Parts
Rancilio Parts
Astoria Parts
San Marco Parts
Spaziale Parts
Victoria Arduino Parts
La Pavoni Parts
La Cimbali Parts
Gaggia Parts
Synesso Parts
Espresso Grinder Parts
Grinder Burrs
Hoppers & Lids
Home Espresso Parts
Espresso Machine Customization
Espresso
Espresso Tools
Espresso Machine Cleaners
Espresso Knockboxes
Espresso Scales
Espresso Shot Glasses
Espresso Spoons & Utensils
Espresso Tampers
Espresso Tamping Mats
Espresso Frothing Pitcher
Espresso Pitcher Rinser
Espresso Brushes
Espresso Machines
Commercial Espresso Machine
Home & Office Espresso Machine
Espresso Installation
Water Filters
Espresso Pumps
Fittings & Hoses
Espresso Grinders
Commercial Espresso Grinder
Home Espresso Grinder
Top Espresso Grinders
La Marzocco Espresso Grinder
Mazzer Espresso Grinders
Mahlkonig Espresso Grinders
Nuova Simonelli Espresso Grinder
Espresso Parts
Top Espresso Machines
Ascaso Espresso Machines
Slayer Espresso Machines
La Marzocco Espresso Machines
Astoria Espresso Machines
Nuova Simonelli Espresso Machines
Synesso Espresso Machines
Victoria Arduino Espresso Machines
Brew
Coffee Maker
Pour Over Coffee Makers
French Press Coffee Maker
Siphon Coffee Maker
Cold Brew Coffee Maker
Brew Stations & Stands
Brew Kits
Commercial
Commercial Coffee Machine
Commercial Coffee Grinder
Commercial Water Filters
Coffee Grinder
Manual Brew Grinder
Batch Brew Grinder
Burr Grinder
Hand Grinder
Coffee Accessories
Coffee Timers
Coffee Scales
Coffee Filters
Coffee Servers
Coffee Kettles
Coffee Bean Storage
Top Products
Chemex Filters
OXO Coffee Maker
Chemex Pour Over
Kalita Wave
Hario V60
Aeropress
Yama Cold Brew Coffee Maker
Fetco Coffee Maker
Tea Brewing
Serve
Porcelain
Coffee Mugs
Diner Mugs
Cappuccino Cups
Demitasse Cups
Macchiato Cups
Latte Cups
Tea Cups
Cupping Bowls
Glass
Glass Coffee Servers
Shot Glasses
Tea Pots
Hearth Glasses
Ceramic, Copper And Metal
Coffee Dripper
Coffee Server
Top Brands
Espresso Parts Coffee Cups
Not Neutral Coffee Cups
Loveramics Coffee Cups
Cafe Supplies
Barista Tools
Pour Over Kettles
Coffee Scales
Coffee Timers
Paper Coffee Filters
Reusable Coffee Filters
Whip Cream Dispenser
Espresso Tamper
Espresso Knockboxes
Espresso Shot Glasses
Espresso Tamping Mats
Espresso Frothing Pitcher
Rinsers
Pitcher Rinser
Rinser Maintenance
Cleaning Supplies
Backflush Discs
Espresso Brushes
Espresso Machine Cleaner
Cafe Towels
PPE & Safety
Cap Guards
24 x
28 Counter Shield
30 x
32 Counter Shield
Commercial Cafe Sinks
Commercial Water Filters
Hot Water Dispenser
Custom Shop
Custom Shop
Custom Espresso Machines
Custom Machine Accessories
Custom Coffee Mugs
Custom Coffee Cup Stamps
Top Brands
Barista Basics
Cleaning Kits
Cups and Porcelain
Barista Apparel & Gear
Knockboxes
Rinsers
Steaming
Tamping
Yama Glass
Cold Brew Towers
Coffee Brewing
Tea Brewing
Service Ware
Brew Kits
OXO
Behind the Bar Tools
Batch Brew
Manual Brew
Kettles
Coffee Makers
Filters
Storage & Organization
Kalita
Hario
Fellow
Chemex
Hearth
All Brands »
Resources
Brew Guides
How to brew cold brew coffee in Yama Tower
How to make pour over coffee
How to make coffee with Aeropress
How to brew with Kalita Wave
How to brew with Hario v60
How to brew french press coffee
How to brew with Chemex
How to brew with Clever dripper
Machine Guides
How to install pitcher rinser
How to change grinder burrs
How to change espresso baskets and screens
How to replace espresso group gaskets
How to backflush your espresso machine
How to properly tamp espresso
Why use bottomless portafilter
How to adjust espresso grinder
View All Articles »
Kalita Wave
Aeropress
Account
Home
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Website Terms and Conditions of Use & Privacy Policy
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Espresso Parts LLC's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Espresso Parts LLC's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Espresso Parts LLC at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Espresso Parts LLC's web site are provided "as is". Espresso Parts LLC makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Espresso Parts LLC does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Espresso Parts LLC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Espresso Parts LLC's Internet site, even if Espresso Parts LLC or a Espresso Parts LLC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Espresso Parts LLC's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Espresso Parts LLC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Espresso Parts LLC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Espresso Parts LLC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Espresso Parts LLC has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Espresso Parts LLC of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Espresso Parts LLC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Espresso Parts LLC's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regard to its conflict of law provisions. General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
At Espresso Parts LLC, we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document (the "Policy") has been provided for this purpose.
This Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site and how we use cookies on this website.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.
Information That We Collect
In running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
As you browse our website and other websites, online ad networks we work with may place anonymous cookies on your computer, and use similar technologies, in order to understand your interests based on your (anonymous) online activities, and thus to tailor more relevant ads to you.   If you do not wish to receive such tailored advertising, you can visit this page to opt out of most companies that engage in such advertising.  (This will not prevent you from seeing ads; the ads simply will not be delivered through these targeting methods.)
Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can be done within the “settings” section of your computer. For more information please read the advice at AboutCookies.org.
Use of Your Information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.
To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.
We never give your details to third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods or services.
Storing Your Personal Data
By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing of that data. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is stored securely.
Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy via email at info@espressoparts.com.