http://www.fidelitybank.com/privacy-principles/
Privacy Principles
Privacy Principles
PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
FACTS: What does Fidelity Bank and Oklahoma Fidelity Bank, a division of Fidelity Bank, do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and transaction history
account balances and payment history
credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Fidelity Bank and Oklahoma Fidelity Bank, a division of Fidelity Bank, choose to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Fidelity Bank and Oklahoma Fidelity Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintainyour account(s), respond to court orders and legalinvestigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Who We Are & What We Do
Who is providing this notice?
Fidelity Bank and Oklahoma Fidelity Bank, a division of Fidelity Bank.
How does Fidelity Bank and Oklahoma Fidelity Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. Third parties who access personal information are required by contract to use the information only for the specific authorized purpose and further protect the personal information from unauthorized access.
How does Fidelity Bank and Oklahoma Fidelity Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or show your government-issued ID
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Fidelity name; financial companies such as Fidelity Financial Corporation and nonfinancial companies such as Fidelity Management Company.
NonaffiliatesCompanies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Fidelity Bank and Oklahoma Fidelity Bank, a division of Fidelity Bank, do not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketingA formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial service companies and credit card companies.
Questions?
CALL TOLL-FREE 1.800.658.1637
Customer Service
1.800.658.1637
Contact Us
Personal
Business
Resources
Contact Us
Locations
Security Center
Knowledge Center
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Principles
Online Privacy Notice
Website Accessibility Statement
Follow us on Twitter
Visit us on LinkedIn
Visit us on Facebook
FDIC Equal Housing Lender © 2020 Fidelity Bank, N.A. | Oklahoma Fidelity Bank. All rights reserved.
Back to Top
×Close
You are leaving Fidelity Bank
By clicking Continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Fidelity Bank. Please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of Fidelity Bank's website. We encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of Fidelity Bank.
Continue
×Close
Email Disclaimer
Do not send confidential or personal information in this email, call us or visit your nearest Fidelity branch.
Continue