https://www.manaonline.org/terms/
Member Login
Membership
Find Reps
What’s New
Contact
Terms and Conditions
This page states the "Terms and Conditions" under which you may use
the website. Please read this page carefully. If you do not accept the Terms
and Conditions stated here, do not use this website and service. By using this
website, you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the terms of these
Terms and Conditions. MANA (Manufacturers’ Agents National Association), the
“Association,” may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating
this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and
Conditions, because they are binding on you. The terms "You" and
"User" as used herein refer to all individuals and/or entities
accessing this website for any reason.
Use of Website Content
The Association authorizes You to view the content available on or from the
MANAonline.org website solely for your business use.
The contents of this website, and of all other websites under the Association’s
control, whether partial or otherwise, such as text, graphics, images, logos,
button icons, software and other website content (collectively, "website
content"), are protected under both United States and foreign copyright,
trademark and other laws. All website content is the property of the
Association or its content suppliers or clients. The compilation (meaning the
collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on this website is the
exclusive property of the Association and protected by U.S. and international
copyright laws. Unauthorized use of the website content may violate copyright,
trademark, and other laws. You must retain all copyright, trademarks,
service-mark and other proprietary notices contained in the original website
content on any copy You make of the website content. You may not sell or modify
the website content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or
otherwise use the website content in any way except as provided for in our
database license provision. The use of the website content on any other website
or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited without
the express written permission of MANA.
You shall not copy or adapt the code that the Association has created the
website to generate any website content or the pages making up the MANA Site.
It is also protected by the Association’s copyright.
Acceptable Website Use
General Rules: Users may not use the website in order to
transmit, distribute, store or destroy material, including without limitation
website content, (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a
manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other
intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or
other personal rights of others, or (c) that is defamatory, obscene,
threatening, abusive or hateful.
Security Rules
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of
the website, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for
such user or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized
to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system
or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper
authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or
network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the
MANA Site, overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mailbombing" or "crashing", (d) sending
unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or
services, or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header
information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network
security may result in civil or criminal liability. The Association will
investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and
cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are
involved in such violations.
Specific Prohibited Uses
The website may be used only for lawful purposes by industry companies, service
providers and individuals engaged in the business of sales, manufacturing,
distribution, consulting or services related to the industry. The Association
specifically prohibits any use of the website, and all users agree not to use
the website, for any of the following:
Posting false or inaccurate biographical information or other information which
is not an accurate representation of your company or personal profile.
Posting pyramid schemes or other business opportunity which requires an up
front or periodic payment, requires recruitment of other members,
sub-distributors or sub-agents.
Deleting or revising any material posted by any other person or entity.
Using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with
the proper working of the website or any activity being conducted on this site.
Taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large
load on the website’s infrastructure.
If You have a password allowing access to a non-public area of this website,
disclosing to or sharing your password with any third parties or using your
password for any unauthorized purpose.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, using or attempting
to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism
(including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent
agents) to navigate or search the MANA website other than the search engine and
search agents available from the Association on such Association website and
other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Netscape
Navigator, Microsoft Explorer).
Attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the
software comprising or in any way making up a part of the Association website.
Aggregating, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the website content or
information available from any Association website.
Framing of or linking to any of the website content or information available
from the MANA website without written permission from an officer of the
Association.
Member Area / User Information
When You register for the Member Area of the website, You will be asked to
provide a valid email address.  In
addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in any privacy
policy on this website, You understand and agree and understand that the
website is a semi-public directory and will disclose to third parties, certain
aggregate information contained in your profile. As a member of MANA and being
listed in the Online Directory, your e-mail address and/or telephone/fax
numbers will be displayed, unless you have chosen to restrict displaying this
data. As a MANA member, your fax and email data will be displayed as the
default setting. To the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with
applicable laws or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant, the
Association may disclose all contained information. The Association reserves
the right to offer third party services and products to You based on the
preferences that You identify in your registration and at any time thereafter;
such offers may be made by the Association or by third parties.
The Association and the website do not represent or guarantee the truthfulness,
accuracy, or reliability of member profiles.
MANA and the website act as a passive conduit for the online distribution and
publication of member-submitted profile information and has no obligation to
screen communications or information in advance.  If notified by a user of information which
allegedly do not conform to these Terms and Conditions, the Association may
investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion
whether to remove or request the removal of the information. The Association
has no liability or responsibility to users for performance or nonperformance
of such activities. The Association reserves the right to expel users and
prevent their further access to the website for violating the Terms and
Conditions or the law and the right to remove information which is abusive,
illegal, or disruptive. The Association may take any action with respect to
user-submitted information that it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole
discretion if it believes it may create liability for the Association or may
cause the Association to lose (in whole or in part) the services of its ISPs or
other suppliers.
By submitting content to any public or non-public area of the website or any
other Association website, including message boards, forums, contests and chat
rooms, You grant the Association the loyalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable (through multiple tiers), non-exclusive
right (including any moral rights) and license to use, reproduce, modify,
adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute,
communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in
part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or
technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any rights that
may exist in such content. You also warrant that the holder of any rights,
including moral rights in such content, has completely and effectively waived
all such rights and validly and irrevocably granted to You the right to grant
the license stated above. You also permit any subscriber to access, display,
view, store and reproduce such content for personal use. Subject to the
foregoing, the owner of such content placed on the website retains any and all
rights that may exist in such content.
We appreciate hearing from our industry members and welcome your comments
regarding our services and the Association website. Ideas, drawings, concepts,
inventions, or other information (collectively the "Submission"), the
Submission shall be the property of MANA.
None of the Submission shall be subject to any obligation of confidence
on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any
Submission. The Association shall own exclusively all now known or later
discovered rights to the Submission and shall be entitled to unrestricted use
of the Submission for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without
compensation to You or any other person who submitted the Submission.
Member Area Registration and Password
You are responsible for the accuracy and content of your profile information
and confidentiality of your password(s). You shall be responsible for all uses
of your registration, whether or not authorized by You. You agree to
immediately notify the Association of any unauthorized use of your registration
or password.
Policy Regarding Termination of Users and Account Holders Who Repeatedly Infringe the Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Rights of Others
MANA respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users,
account holders and content partners to do the same. The unauthorized
reproduction, copying, distribution, modification, public display or public
performance of copyrighted works constitutes infringement of the copyright
owner’s rights. As a condition to your use of this website, You agree not to
use the website to infringe the intellectual property rights of others in any
way. We will terminate the accounts of any account holders, and block access to
our website of any users, who are repeat infringers of the copyrights, or other
intellectual property rights, of others. We reserve the right to take these
actions at any time, in our sole discretion, with or without notice, and without
any liability to the account holder who is terminated or to the user whose
access is blocked.
MANA’s Liability
The website is only a venue. The website acts as a venue for industry members
to post a profile in the directory and does not screen or censor the profiles
offered. MANA is not responsible for the actual transactions between industry
directory listings and users.  As a
result, the Association has no control over the quality, safety or legality of
the profiles posted, or the truth or accuracy of the listings. In addition,
note that there are risks, including but not limited to the risk of physical
harm, of dealing with strangers, foreign nationals, underage persons or people
acting under false pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with
other users with whom You come in contact through the website.
Because user authentication on the Internet is difficult, MANA cannot and does
not confirm that each user is who they claim to be. Because we do not and
cannot be involved in user-to-user dealings or control the behavior of
participants on any Association Site, in the event that You have a dispute with
one or more users, You release the Association (and our agents and employees)
from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential, direct and
indirect) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected
with such disputes. If You are a California resident, You waive California
Civil Code d1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims
which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time
of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected
his settlement with the debtor."
We are under no legal obligation to, and generally do not, control the
information provided by other users which is made available through the website
and/or the other Association Sites. By its very nature, other people’s
information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be
mislabeled or deceptively labeled. We expect that You will use caution and
common sense when using this website and/or the other websites linked to the
MANA website.
The website content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. MANA
makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or
timeliness of any Association website or the website content. The use of the
website and the website content is at your own risk. Changes are periodically
made to the website and may be made at any time.
You acknowledge and agree that You are solely responsible for the content and
accuracy of any profile or material contained therein by You on the website.
Profile owners are solely responsible for their postings on the website.
MANA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF MANA’S WEBSITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR
THAT ANY THE ASSOCIATION’S WEBSITE AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES
OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF ANY OF MANA’S WEBSITE OR THE
WEBSITE CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR
DATA, THE ASSOCIATION IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THE ASSOCIATION
WEBSITE AND WEBSITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE ASSOCIATION, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. MANA MAKES NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY,
COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE WEBSITE CONTENT, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT,
GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.
Disclaimer of Consequential Damages.
IN NO EVENT SHALL MANA, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON ANY OF
THE ASSOCIATION’S WEBSITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR
DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE
USE OR INABILITY TO USE ANY OF THE ASSOCIATION’S WEBSITE AND THE WEBSITE CONTENT,
WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND
WHETHER OR NOT MANA IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Links to Other Sites
The website contains links to third party websites. These links are provided
solely as a convenience to You and not as an endorsement by MANA of the
contents on such third-party websites. The Association is not responsible for
the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations
regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party websites. If
You decide to access linked third party websites, You do so at your own risk.
No Resale or Unauthorized Commercial Use
You agree not to resell or assign your rights or obligations under these Terms
of Use. You also agree not to make any unauthorized commercial use of the
website.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE ASSOCIATION’S MAXIMUM LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY
THE ASSOCIATION SITE OR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF THE
CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE),
WILL NOT EXCEED $100.
Termination
MANA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal
remedies, including but not limited to deletion of your information from this
website and immediate termination of your registration with or ability to
access this or any other service provided to You by the Association, upon any
breach by You of these Terms and Conditions, or if the Association is unable to
verify or authenticate any information You submit to the website or website
registration.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Association, its
officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions
or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees,
alleging or resulting from (i) any material You
provide to MANA’s website, (ii) any website content
that You use or (iii) your breach of the terms of these Terms and Conditions.
The Association shall provide notice to You promptly of any such claim, suit,
or proceeding and shall assist You, at your expense, in defending any such
claim, suit or proceeding.
General
The Association makes no claims that the website content may
be lawfully viewed or accessed outside of the United States. Access to the
website content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If
You access the website from outside of the United States, You do so at your own
risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
These Terms and conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the
State of California without respect to its conflict of laws principles.
Jurisdiction for any claims arising under this agreement shall lie exclusively
with the state or federal courts within California.  If any provision of these Terms and
Conditions are found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction,
the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and
effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a
further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as
expressly provided in additional terms of use for areas of the website, a
particular "Legal Notice," or Software License or material on
particular Web pages, these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire
agreement between You and the Association with respect to the use of website.
No changes to these Terms and Conditions shall be made except by a revised
posting on this page.
Additional Terms of Use
Certain areas of the website are subject to additional terms of use as
described herein. By using such areas, or any part thereof, You agree to be
bound by the terms of use applicable to such areas as described in this “Terms
and Conditions of Use” document.
Find manufacturers' reps in the largest searchable database of independent sales agents
MANA LineFinder®: Largest searchable database of manufacturers who use reps
Agency Sales Magazine: The only monthly business magazine devoted to reps and principals
Rep Agreement Guidelines: Get principals and reps on same page to thrive together
Steps To Rep Professionalism: Learn to be the best rep you can be!
Steps To Becoming a High-Quality Principal: Best practices help you thrive with reps!
Search for: