http://www.handle-it.com/pages/privacy-policy-handle-it
Home
Product Collections
Trolleys, Flatbeds, Platform Trucks and More
Sack Trucks, Sack Barrows and Hand Carts
Cages and Stillages
Dollies, Skates & Bogies
Pallet Movers
Mobile Steps, Platforms and Ladders
Trolley Castors and Wheels
Sack Truck and Barrow Wheels
Industry Specific Handling Solutions
Brewery and Dray Handling Equipment
Hospital Trolleys and Handling
Airport Trolleys & Carts
Handling Equipment For Schools
Food Service Handling Equipment
Parcel and Courier Service Handling Equipment
Retail Handling Solutions and Shopping Trolleys
Removal Service Handling Equipment
Self Storage Handling Equipment
Trolleys for Hotels
Free Safety Downloads
Blog
Recent Posts
Trolleys Made in the UK
Recycled Plastic Trolley Bases
Folding Laundry Trolley
Getting The Right Tyre Pressure For Your Sack Truck Wheels
Let Down By Your Cheap Sack Truck?
Enquiries
Contact Us
Cart: 0
Log in
or
Create an account
Home
Product Collections
- Trolleys, Flatbeds, Platform Trucks and More
- Sack Trucks, Sack Barrows and Hand Carts
- Cages and Stillages
- Dollies, Skates & Bogies
- Pallet Movers
- Mobile Steps, Platforms and Ladders
- Trolley Castors and Wheels
- Sack Truck and Barrow Wheels
Industry Specific Handling Solutions
- Brewery and Dray Handling Equipment
- Hospital Trolleys and Handling
- Airport Trolleys & Carts
- Handling Equipment For Schools
- Food Service Handling Equipment
- Parcel and Courier Service Handling Equipment
- Retail Handling Solutions and Shopping Trolleys
- Removal Service Handling Equipment
- Self Storage Handling Equipment
- Trolleys for Hotels
Free Safety Downloads
Blog
Enquiries
Contact Us
Privacy Policy Handle-iT.com
Your cart (0)
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Handle-iT uses and protects any information that you give Handle-iT when you use this website.
Handle-iT is dedicated to warranting that your privacy is safe. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Handle-iT may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01st January 2003, and has been updated to comply with GDPR Regulations starting 14 April 2016.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We look at this information to understand your needs and provide you with the best services and product choices we can, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other
information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Once subscribed, your information will remain with us until you ask us to erase it.
We DO NOT and NEVER will
Send Weekly or Monthly Spam
Sell, share or disclose you information to any 3rd Party
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
In the unlikely event of a data breach, we will contact you immediately to inform you of the problem.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
• whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
• if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at Info@Handle-iT.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to our current address found in the contact us page.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If you have any concerns with regards to the safety of our site, please email; webmaster@handle- it.com
Trolleys Made to Your Specification
Handle-iT offers a design and manufacture facility in our own factory here at Devon, where we can manage the whole process.
Click here for more information
Need help finding your perfect trolley?
Enquire Online Here!
Email the Sales Team at Sales@handle-it.com
Or call the sales team on +44 (01803) 875 222
You have
Cart Icon
Cart Icon
0
items in your basket
Cart Icon
Cart Icon