http://www.3plains.com/legal/gdpr/
Client Portal
612-716-2060
Request Quote
Services
Web Services
Responsive Web Design
Website Redesign
Custom Web Development
Ecommerce Development
Website CMS & Platforms
Website Hosting
Service Plans / Maintenance
3plains CMS
Email Hosting
Email Consulting & Support
Domain Name Management
Merchant Accounts & Gateways
SSL Certificates
Custom Web Forms
Internet Marketing
Organic SEO
Pay-Per-Click (PPC)
Local SEO & Marketing
Retargeting
Social Media Marketing
Email Marketing
Content Marketing
Content Writing
Digital Advertising
Digital Strategy & Review
Creative & Design
Custom Logo Design
Print Design
Video Production
Photography
Panoramic / Virtual Tours
Aerial Photography
Promotional Products
Infographic Creative
Photo Editing
Brochure Design
Business Card Design
Rack Card Design
Graphic Design
Trade Show Exhibits
Portfolio
Articles
Company
Why 3plains?
Leadership
Markets Served
Reviews
Locations
Jobs
Who We Support
Partnership Program
Referral Program
3plains Gear
Marketing Resources
Request Quote
FAQ
Terms of Service
Privacy
Site Map
GDPR
3plains is committed to you and the protection of your data. In addition to remaining compliant with relevant requirements, we consistently seek to engage in data protection and privacy best practices. We have put in place appropriate changes to ensure we are in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). GDPR is a EU-wide privacy and data protection law, effective May 25, 2018. This law protects European Union data subjects' right to privacy and the protection of personal data. Read on to learn more about what that means for you and your data.
Individual Rights
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, you are entitled to the following rights.
The right to be forgotten - Individuals have the right to ask 3plains to erase all personal data without undue delay in certain circumstances.
The right to data portability - If an individual has provided personal data to a service provider, they can require the provider to "port" the data to another provider, provided this is technically feasible.
The right to object to profiling - Individuals can exercise this right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.
The right to restrict or object to our processing - Individuals have the right to restrict the processing of their personal data where they have a particular reason for wanting the restriction.
Additional Resources and Contact Information
More information about the information we collect and how we use that information is available in our Privacy Policy.
Further information on GDPR specifically can be found at eugdpr.org.
If you would like to act of any of the above mentioned rights or have questions about 3plains and GDPR, please write to privacy@3plains.com
© 2006 - 2020 3plains. Powered by 3plains CMS
Back To Top