http://www.scandh.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY Last Revised: 1/1/2020SC&H Group, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “SC&H”) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to activities directly related to your visit of the SC&H website. It does not apply to third parties’ websites linked through the SC&H website. We strongly recommend that you read these third parties’ privacy policies prior to providing any information to such sites. SC&H has no responsibility or liability in connection with any third parties’ websites. This policy outlines the practices we follow to protect the privacy of all visitors.SC&H reserves the right to update and/or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason by updating this posting. Use of this website following any such changes shall constitute acceptance of such changes.Collection, Use and Transfer of Your Information:You can visit most of the SC&H website without disclosing personally-identifiable information and/or confidential, non-public information of your business (in either case, as used herein, “private information”). However, you may choose to provide us with your private information, for example when you contact us, register for seminars, activities and programs available on the SC&H website, complete a survey or assessment available on the SC&H website, or when you request information or services. You also may decide to provide us voluntarily with the private information of a third person, such as your spouse, colleague or friend. In such case, we assume that you have the unrestricted permission of such person to provide such private information to SC&H.SC&H may use suppliers to collect, process, store, use, analyze and/or transfer the private information on its behalf. In such case, it is SC&H’s practice to require that these suppliers deal with the private information they process or transfer in a manner consistent with SC&H’s policies. By submitting the private information to us, you acknowledge and agree with your private information being processed and/or transferred on SC&H’s behalf by its suppliers. SC&H will handle the information we learn from you from your visit to our website as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.Privacy Shield  SC&H Group, Inc. and its covered entities (SC&H) adhere to the E.U. – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce in regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information that is transferred from the European Union and its Member States, the European Economic Area and Switzerland to the United States. SC&H has certified it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles within the scope of SC&H’s Privacy Shield certification.  Please refer to our Privacy Shield Policy to learn more.Event RegistrationIf you register for an event with SC&H, we will use the registration information that you submit to process your request and send you additional information about the event. For online seminars, we may require your email address to provide you with login information. In addition, we may contact you about future events that may be of interest to you.Newsletter SubscriptionIf you subscribe to a newsletter from SC&H, we will use the registration information that you submit to send you the newsletter(s) you request. We may also e-mail or mail you messages and other newsletters containing information which we believe may be of interest to you. If we contract with a third party to deliver the e-mails, we will share registration information with that party only for the purposes of delivering the e-mail. Instructions for unsubscribing will be included on the newsletter’s web page.AdvertisingSC&H Group, Inc. works with third-party vendors to serve ads based on a user’s past visits to our website through the use of cookies. These visits may be tracked across all different devices, including but not limited to, desktop computers, laptop computers, tablets and other mobile devices.To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party vendors, visit the following link:http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/Analytics Disclaimer:Our website uses web analytics services provided to SC&H by third parties (collectively, the “Web Analytics Service Providers”). The Web Analytics Service Providers use “cookies“, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by the Web Analytics Service Providers on servers in the United States. The Web Analytics Service Providers will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. The Web Analytics Service Providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by the Web Analytics Service Providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.If you submit private information when visiting the SC&H website:SC&H may collect, process and/or transfer the specific information you voluntarily provide to us in the contact form you choose to fill in on our website, including the private information you provide. The information we collect through the use of cookies or other technologies may include among others your domain name; your browser type and operating system; specific web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time you visit our site; browser type, device ID, IP address, all data submitted by you, pages viewed, the referring URL, or the web page that led you to our website. We may use this information in aggregated form or we may associate it with your email address and other personal information that we collect about you.By submitting any private information on SC&H’s site, you authorize SC&H to use, process and transfer (if necessary across borders) such data, even in and to countries where the level of data protection may not be commensurate with the high standard of protection adopted by certain countries, such as the standard suggested by the EU Data Protection Directive. In such countries, SC&H will still handle your private information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. SC&H will not sell private information to third parties; however your private information may be automatically transferred to the successor to substantially all of the assets and business of SC&H.If you are a client, or are part of a client organization, or are a subcontractor:Private information you provide to SC&H including private information of a third party, such as your spouse, colleague and friend may be collected, stored, used and transferred as necessary for SC&H to carry out business or seek potential business in the future with you and/or your company. If you provide us with private information, whether in the form of an e-mail, business card, orally during business meeting or otherwise, we assume that you have granted us permission to collect, store, use and transfer such information with no limitations. We also assume that you have unrestricted permission from the third party for the transfer of its private information.Pursuant to regulations under Internal Revenue Code Section 7216, issued by the US Treasury Department, except where permitted by law, we are prohibited from using any information that we obtain from you in connection with the preparation of your tax returns, for any purpose other than to prepare your tax return(s), without your consent.Disclosure of Information:As a general rule, SC&H does not disclose your private information to anyone except as necessary to respond to an inquiry or provide requested services. However, to the extent permitted by law, certain information about you may be disclosed in the following situations:As required by law through subpoena, search warrant, discovery request, summons, or other legal processWhen explicitly requested by youTo provide information to subsidiaries of SC&H who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with any requests or inquiries made by youTo provide information to non-affiliated third parties who assist us in providing services to you, such as the vendor providing us with our tax compliance software.Sensitive Personal Information:SC&H does not typically collect, process or transfer sensitive personal data through its site, unless you expressly consent to such collection, processing or transfer. “Sensitive personal data” for the purposes of this Privacy Policy shall mean data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, and data concerning health or sex life. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you explicitly consent to such data being collected, processed and transferred by SC&H.Correction, Update and Deletion of the Private Information:SC&H will provide you with a possibility to ensure that the private information you provided to us is accurate and up to date. You can request correction, update and deletion of your personal information via e-mail sent to usprivacyshield@schgroup.com and we will use reasonable efforts to contact you regarding your request.If you chose to be on a mailing list for periodic email updates regarding SC&H services and events, you can contact SC&H at marketing@schgroup.com, to send us a notification that you no longer want to receive such information. We will honor your choice and refrain from sending you such announcements. You may change your choice at any time.To update or delete your data or correct an inaccuracy, we may ask you to verify your identity and cooperate with us in our effort.Data Security:SC&H uses various organizational and technical measures to protect your privacy and avoid unauthorized use or disclosure of your private information. However, you should note that no transfer of data over the Internet is completely secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your data on our systems, when the data is transferred over the Internet, it may be accessed and used by unauthorized third parties. SC&H has no control over the performance, reliability, availability or security of Internet and does not warrant that any information transfer via Internet or any communication through Internet is secure. SC&H shall not be liable for any disclosure, unauthorized use, loss, damage, expense, harm or inconvenience resulting from the loss, delay, interception, corruption, intervention, misuse or alteration of any personal information due to any reason beyond SC&H’s reasonable control.California Residents (California Consumer Privacy Act [CCPA]):If you are a California resident, you are entitled to request information concerning any personal information you provide to us as part of an established business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes.  Because we value your privacy, we will not distribute your personal information with non-affiliated third parties without your consent.Children’s Personal Information:SC&H’s web sites are not targeted to children and are not intended to collect private information from children under age of 13.Legal NoticesEach legal entity owned by SC&H Group, Inc. is a separate and independent legal entity. SC&H Group, Inc. is not responsible or liable for any acts or omissions of other members of its group of affiliated companies.Unless otherwise indicated, this website and its contents, including but not limited to all text, HTML code, scripts, graphics, images, site design and “look and feel,” are the property of SC&H, and are protected pursuant to U.S. and foreign copyright and trademark laws.By accessing this website, you agree to the following terms and conditions, which govern this website: Access to this website and the information provided shall not confer, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to any copyright, patent, trademark or other proprietary interest of, or any third party. This website and the material on this website may not be modified, copied, distributed, republished, downloaded, uploaded or commercially exploited in any manner without the prior written consent of SC&H except under the terms stated herein. Where indicated, the use, download, reproduction, display or reprint, of material require prior permission from SC&H and/or other copyright owner. If a prior permission requirement is not indicated in a copyright notice, you are permitted to download a copy of any of the materials on this website on a single computer for personal non-commercial use, provided no copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices are removed.Any information obtained from other sites, accessed via links from this website are subject to the terms and conditions of such other sites, and SC&H disclaims any and all liability relating to, arising out of, or in connection with the accessing of other sites through this website.The information on this Web site is provided solely for illustrative purposes and does not create any business, contractual or employment relationship.THE MATERIAL ON THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED ‘AS IS’ AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. SC&H GROUP, INC. DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEB SITE AND THE MATERIAL ON THIS WEB SITE. SC&H GROUP, INC. ALSO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO WHETHER THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE ON THIS WEBSITE IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT.TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, IN NO EVENT SHALL SC&H GROUP, INC. BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING CLAIMS OF SC&H’S OWN NEGLIGENCE), INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY COMPENSATORY, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS CAUSED BY VIRUS, LOSS OF INCOME OR PROFIT, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR OTHER LOSSES OF ANY KIND OR CHARACTER, EVEN IF SC&H HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEB SITE OR THE CONTENTS OF THIS WEBSITE.The posting of any content or material to this website and the creation of a link from this website to any other website are expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of SC&H. SC&H does not regularly review materials on websites linked to this website and no judgment, warranty, or endorsement is made with respect to such websites or services.The information provided on this web site is of a general nature and is not intended to address the specific circumstances of any individual or entity. In specific circumstances, the services of a professional should be sought. Any use you make of the information provided on this site, or any site or service linked to by this site, is at your own risk.Unless otherwise noted, all information on this site is the property of SC&H. Unauthorized use will be subject to legal action. Permission to reproduce any copyrighted information may be obtained by contacting SC&H at marketing@schgroup.com.SC&H maintains this site in Maryland and you agree that these terms of use and any legal action or proceeding relating to this site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland without reference to its choice of law rules. It is further agreed that all disputes arising out of, relating to, or in connection with or incident to your use of the website, shall be litigated if at all before the United States District Court for Maryland and as to lawsuits where the Federal Courts lack jurisdiction, before a court in Maryland to the exclusion of the Courts of any other county, state, or country.If you have questions regarding privacy of your personal information you submit to us through our website, please send an e-mail to usprivacyshield@schgroup.com. Navigating Individual & Corporate Tax Planning Strategies in the New Era of Tax Reform
View the Webinar
An Executive’s Field Guide to Developing an Effective Cloud Strategy
Download Now
The Private Sector’s Quest for Enhanced Quality and Lower Costs
Get The Report
We've updated our Privacy Policy to give you more clarity over how we use cookies to collect and use your personal data to deliver a better experience. Please take a moment to read our Privacy Policy, and keep in mind that by continuing to access and utilize this website, you agree to the terms contained in these documents and also to our use of cookies as described in our Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time using the "Unsubscribe" link included in our emails.Accept and Close