https://www.bankcsb.com/privacy-and-security
Privacy & Security
Home
Privacy & Security
CSB understands how important privacy and security are to you not only in your banking, but also in your everyday life. We do our best to maintain the highest levels of security to protect your information. We also want to arm you with current information that you can use to keep up with cyber criminals.
You can also find a wealth of free resources by visiting www.onguardonline.gov
Privacy
Privacy Policy
CSB and its associates and CSB Financial Advisors are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of our customer information, as stated here in our Privacy Policy.
You may add choose to add your name to CSB's Do Not Contact list. By adding your name to the Do Not Contact list, you will no longer receive marketing or promotional mailings from Community State Bank or its affiliated companies including, promotional offers, information on merchant programs and Bank newsletters. Please note that you will still receive communication form the Bank that is required by state and federal regulations.
Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy
You can find out Digital Privacy and Cookies Policy here.
Identity Theft Information
Identity Theft Protection
CSB offers tools and services to help protect you from identity theft.
Credit Reporting Agency Information
Know your Credit Score Help protect yourself from Identity Theft
Equifax PO Box 740241 Atlanta, GA 30374-0241 www.equifax.com 800-685-1111
Experian PO Box 2002 Allen, TX 75013 www.experian.com 888-397-3742
TransUnion PO Box 390 Springfield, PA 19064-0390 www.transunion.com 800-916-8800
Fraud Management Information/Resources
Fraud Management for Debit Cards
Protecting you from unauthorized use of your debit card is a top priority at Community State Bank. To that end, we are partnering with Fiserv, our debit card administrator, to implement a fraud monitoring system, called Debit Card Fraud Management. This service will help monitor your bank account for fraudulent debit card activity. If suspicious activity is detected on the account associated with your debit card (i.e. out-of-state purchases or uncharacteristically high charges), you will be contacted by Community State Bank or by a Fiserv fraud specialist, calling on our behalf, to verify those transactions.
We would like to ensure that we can reach you promptly if fraudulent activity is suspected. If at any time your contact information changes, please notify your personal banker, teller or Customer Care at 515-331-3100. As always, we keep your personal information strictly confidential. Please remember that we will NOT ask for your debit card number or personal identification number (PIN) to verify your identity. Remember to use caution when providing your debit card information, and contact us immediately if you suspect your debit card has been stolen or compromised.
Fraudulent Check Scam
If you think you may have become victimized by a fraudulent check scam, contact the following agencies:
Contact the bank who issued the check directly to report receipt of the check and to verify authenticity. Do not use the telephone number provided on the check – this number is probably not associated with the bank, but rather with the scam artist. To locate a bank’s mailing address, you can check the FDIC’s Web site at: http://www.fdic.gov/Federal Trade Commission (FTC): by telephone at 1-877-FTC-HELP or file an electronic complaint via their Internet site at http://www.ftc.govThe Iowa Attorney General at: https://www.iowaattorneygeneral.govFor Internet Scams - Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Internet Fraud Complaint Center: http://www.ic3.govMail-based scams-U.S. Postal Inspector Service at http://www.usps.com
Important Information - Preventing a Business Email Compromise
Other Useful Resources
Electronic Security
At CSB, we know you need to feel your financial information is secure from theft. We use the maximum level of security offered through our systems to make sure your accounts are safe.
Scam Warnings
At CSB, we know the importance of staying abreast of the latest scam warnings. Protect yourself from this activity by checking this page of our website for recent warnings.
Please Notice
×
You are now being directed to a third-party website. CSB does
not own or control the website and it may contain products that are not
insured by the FDIC; not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed
by, the depository institution; subject to investment risks, including
possible loss of the principal amount invested. This third-party website
does not operate under the CSB privacy and information security
policies and practices. Please consult the privacy and information
security policy on the third-party website if you have any concerns or
questions about the website or its content.
Cancel
Continue
Website IE Support Notice
×
Notice: We see you are accessing
www.bankcsb.com
from Internet Explorer (IE).
For security reasons, we’re following Microsoft’s recommendations and moving forward with plans to end support for IE11. To make sure
www.bankcsb.com
renders properly and securely, please update your browser.
Fully supported browsers include: Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Apple Safari.
Okay