http://www.sorinex.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Close menu
Company
Our Story
Our Team
Our Process
Sorinex Originals
SummerStrong™
Government Sales
Racks
Base Camp™ Series
XL™ Series
Half Rack
Single Rack
Power Rack
Double Half Rack
Rack & a Half
Double Full Rack
Recovery Rack
Apex™ Rack
Dark Horse™ Rack
Off Grid™ Rack
Off Grid™ Accessories
Rigs
Catalog
Apparel & Goods
T-Shirts
Hoodies
Hats
Shorts
Patches and Stickers
Flags and Banners
Misc
Gift Card
Accessories
Bands & Chains
Barbell Accessories
Belts
Blocks
Grip Strength
Landmines
Med Balls
Plyo Boxes
Weight Vests
Attachments
Bars
Benches
Bumpers & Plates
Conditioning
Dumbbells & Kettlebells
Glute Ham Developers
Flooring
Machines
Storage
Iron Bear Multistorage Unit
Rack Storage
Specialty Storage Solutions
Squat Stands & Yokes
Sleds
Mobility & Recovery
Testing & Tracking
Work Desks
Custom Solutions
Facilities
Professional
College
High School
Military
Home Gyms
Private Training
Media
Podcasts
Education
Video
Newsroom
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close
$98,013.16 DONATED TO FIGHT COVID-19 ON BEHALF OF COACHES VS. COVID-19. READ MORE HERE
"Close"
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
PRIVACY POLICY
We’re committed to protecting your privacy and security. Sorinex will NEVER sell your information on to ANY third party. Read our full Privacy Policy below.
Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority. We have taken reasonable measures to secure both your information and our physical premises. We exercise reasonable care in providing safe transmission of your information from your PC to our servers (unless sent by a means outside of our control, such as e-mail). However, we cannot guaranty that our measures will completely bar unauthorized access to your information, and by using the Sites you assume this risk.
WARRANTY
RECEIVING INSPECTIONPlease do an initial inspection of products and package upon receipt of goods. Any shortage or damage must be indicated clearlyon the carrier’s delivery receipt.
CLAIMIf the product is damaged because of shipping, please make a note of it with the shipping company, or call us immediately803.978.2753. Check carefully the outside appearance of the package. Did it arrive in good condition? If not, take a picture ifpossible, while still in the box or pallet. Proceed from there carefully and check the equipment. We can arrange a replacement,repair or other solution to fit the customer’s needs. All pieces are handled by human hands, and mistakes do happen.
RETURN POLICYIf the product arrives in good shape, has no structural defect, and is a standard product (color, dimensions, options), and thecustomer simply does not want the item, the customer will be refunded the original sales price minus a 30% restocking fee. Customerwill pay to ship back to Sorinex and will be responsible for proper packaging and all shipping costs in order to receive a refund.Item(s) must arrive at Sorinex in good, salable condition before a refund will be given.If the product arrives in good shape, has no structural defect and is a custom product (color, dimensions, options) and the customersimply does not want the item no refund will be given. Custom equipment is built specifically for an individual in his/her needs orwants, which are outside of the standard line and availability. Custom pieces generally take more time and are more costly todesign, oversee and produce.If the product is used (standard or custom) has no defect, and the customer simply does not want the item, no refund will be given.
WARRANTYSorinex Exercise Equipment Inc. (Sorinex) offers a Lifetime Warranty on all structural steel material, equipment frames, and weldingintegrity when used as intended as applicable to the original purchaser (non-transferable).Paint / Powder Coating / Upholstery is warrantied for 90 days after receipt or order as applied to the original purchaser (nontransferable).Moving parts are warrantied for 1 year as applicable to the original purchaser (non-transferable). Warranty items are subject toinspection by Sorinex in order to determine if warranty-voiding abuse, neglect, or misuse is present.Third Party Warranties: For those products provided but not manufactured by Sorinex as warranted by the original manufacturer,such original manufacturer’s warranty applies solely.The customer bears the responsibility of contacting Sorinex with the pertinent information as the condition of the equipment.If the issue is determined to be covered under warranty Sorinex will be responsible for replacement of defective products/parts.Sorinex will supply return packaging and shipping or cover on-site labor costs provided by a certified Sorinex Equipment RepairSpecialist.
If a warranty-voiding situation is present, repairs can still be done on a labor and materials required basis. A written estimate andbill will be provided to the customer before non-warranty repairs are done. Customer bears costs of packing and return shippingon any non-warranty situations.
COPYRIGHT
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc. Copyright 2018, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc or purchasing Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc or to purchase Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
TRADEMARKS
Unless otherwise indicated, all trademarks, service marks and trade names of Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc used on the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc. Tradenames and marks of third-party products are the property of the respective owners.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc reserves the right to change or modify any and all products as well as add and remove products. Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products.
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS
In the event that a Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
TERM; TERMINATION
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
NOTICE
Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable methods to the address you have provided to Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc.
USE OF SITE
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted orerror-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or otherharmful components. Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of thematerials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some statesdo not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
PARTICIPATION DISCLAIMER
Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc in its sole discretion.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensor’s and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
PROPOSITION 65 STATEMENT
In 1986, California voters passed Proposition 65, also known as the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act. Proposition 65 is a portion of the California Health and Safety Code and requires a disclosure to California consumers of exposures to certain chemicals listed by the State of California. This Act applies not only to water, but to any consumer goods sold in California. Proposition 65 requires the State of California to publish and maintain a list of chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm. The list is continuously updated and contains over 1,000 substances.
The Prop 65 list of chemicals is available from the following website:
https://oehha.ca.gov/proposition-65/proposition-65-list.
If a product sold in the state of California exposes a consumer to listed substance at greater than an amount predetermined by the state of California, the product must be labeled with a warning. Prop 65 does not ban the sale of any products containing these chemicals, rather it simply necessitates a warning.
A warning label does not necessarily mean that a product will cause cancer or reproductive harm, nor does it mean the product is in violation of any Federal or State product-safety standards or requirements. Due to the burden of proof to be exempt from providing a warning being so onerous, we may elect to provide a warning based on the possible presence of one or more listed chemicals without evaluating the level of exposure.
Sorinex Exercise Equipment, Inc. will continue to monitor our compliance to the Prop 65 list and as always, strive for excellence in providing our customers with a high-quality product. Additional information concerning Prop 65 can be found at the following web sites:
https://www.p65warnings.ca.gov/
http://www.oehha.ca.gov/prop65.html
Resources/Downloads
Warranty
"Close (esc)"