http://www.portfoliorecovery.com/prapay/help/terms
Terms & Conditions
Sign in
Sign in to view account
About us
How it works
The PRA Promise
Contact & FAQs
En
English
Español
English
Español
TERMS & CONDITIONSofPORTFOLIO RECOVERY ASSOCIATES, LLC (“PRA”, “WE”, “US”, OR “OUR”)
This communication is from a debt collector and is an attempt to collect a debt. Any information obtained will be used for that purpose.
Last Modified: December 17, 2019
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS (“TERMS”) CAREFULLY AS THEY GOVERN YOUR ACCESS TO AND
USE OF ANY WEBSITE ON WHICH THESE TERMS ARE POSTED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
portfoliorecovery.com AND/OR PRApay.com (COLLECTIVELY, THE “WEBSITE”). THESE TERMS APPLY AND BECOME
BINDING ON THE FIRST DATE THAT YOU ACCESS ANY PART OF THE WEBSITE OR USE ANY OF THE FUNCTIONALITY
PROVIDED THROUGH THE WEBSITE. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OR ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THE TERMS IN EFFECT AT THE TIME OF YOUR ACCESS AND/OR USE AND AGREE
THAT YOU ARE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS
OR USE THE WEBSITE.
MINIMUM AGE
You represent that you are at least 18 years of age (or the age of majority in the State in which
you reside). This Website is not intended for users under 18 years of age, and you may not use this
Website if you are under 18 years of age.
CHANGES TO TERMS; ADDITIONAL TERMS
We may modify and amend these Terms at any time. We will post the modified Terms on the Website and
indicate the date the Terms were last updated. You understand and agree that your continued use of
the Website after we have made any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. In
addition, certain functionality and features on this Website may be governed by or subject to
additional or separate terms, conditions, or notices that differ from these Terms. Therefore, you
should review these Terms and any other applicable terms, conditions, and notices that are in effect
each time you use the Website. We will consider your continued use of the Website as acceptance of
any such additional terms, conditions, and notices.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please review our Privacy Policy, which applies to personal
information collected from or provided by you on the Website.
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
All features, functionality, and content of the Website, including all designs, artwork, text,
images, audio, photos, videos, information, software, interfaces, and documentation, are the
property of PRA and its licensors. PRA grants no right to you in the Website, or any of its
features, functionality, or content, other than as expressly provided in these Terms. All logo
designs and all other names and logos identifying PRA and its products and services or otherwise
appearing on the Website are proprietary trademarks of PRA or its licensors and you are strictly
prohibited from using them without PRA’s express written permission.
LICENSE TO ACCESS AND/OR USE WEBSITE
PRA grants you a personal, revocable, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and
use the Website and its materials and information solely for your personal and informational use.
PRA’s license to you is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms. You may not use the Website
(or any part of it) for any commercial purposes or in any manner not permitted by these Terms. You
may print materials and information from the Website solely for your personal and informational use
as long as all hard copies contain all copyright and other applicable notices contained in such
materials and information.
ACCESS TO YOUR ACCOUNT(S)
In order to use certain features of the Website relating to your PRA account(s) (“Account(s)”), you
may need to create an online username and select a password. You are responsible for the security of
your password and login credentials. You also agree that you are solely responsible for all actions
under your login credentials, whether or not authorized by you, subject to applicable laws and the
rules of any applicable payment network used to make payments on this Website. You must notify us
immediately of any unauthorized use of your login credentials or password. PRA is not liable for any
loss or damage from your failure to comply with these requirements.
When registering for login credentials or otherwise providing information on the Website, you agree
to (a) maintain the security of your password and login credentials; (b) provide accurate, current,
and complete information as may be prompted by any forms available through the Website or otherwise
requested by us; (c) maintain and promptly update your information to keep it accurate, current, and
complete; (d) promptly notify us regarding any material changes to your contact information and
payment information; and (e) be fully responsible for all use of the Website under your login
credentials or related to your Account(s), including transactions made on your Account(s).
ONLINE PAYMENTS
If you elect to use the Website to make a payment (“Online Payment”), you agree to these Online
Payment Terms.
Among other information, your Account(s) will show your original creditor, seller, merchant, account
balance, and account offers, if any. You may pay your outstanding obligations through the Website
either by initiating a one-time payment or enrolling in a payment plan in accordance with these
Online Payment Terms. If you initiate any payment through the Website, you authorize PRA to charge
the debit card you provide or initiate a debit from the bank account you designate on the Website.
You represent that you have the legal right to use any debit card or other payment account you
designate for payment through the Website.
Payment Methods. You may, depending on the status of your Account, make a payment on the Website
using your debit card or by authorizing a debit from your checking or savings account via
Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT). Additional payment methods accepted by PRA outside of the
Website (e.g., payment by mail or by telephone) are described here. Please note that PRA does not currently accept payment by
credit card or in an amount of less than $5.00.
One-Time Payments. You may initiate a one-time payment through the Website using your debit card
or by Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) from your bank account. We will process the payment on the
date you designate. Your payment may be subject to any limits imposed by your financial
institution. You may not pay more than the full balance of your Account or make changes to a
payment on the same day that the payment is scheduled to be debited. Changes will go into effect
the following business day. PRA may also impose limits on or reject any payment or transaction
if it suspects fraud, unauthorized use of a payment account, or as required by law.
Payment Plan. You may also set up a payment plan (a “Payment Plan”) where your payment amount is
deducted automatically from your bank account on the day you select. You may cancel the Payment
Plan at any time by changing the settings in your Account, but you may not cancel the Payment
Plan on the day that a payment is scheduled to be debited. Changes will go into effect the
following business day. If you enroll in a Payment Plan, you agree that your monthly account
statement from PRA will serve as notice of the amount of each payment deduction.
PRA may determine at any time that you are ineligible to participate in Online Payment and
remove you from Online Payment, even if you have already enrolled. If this occurs, you will
thereafter be required to make payment using an alternative method.
You are responsible for keeping your payment information current and for maintaining a
sufficient amount of funds in your bank account to cover the full amount of any payments made to
us. If your bank notifies us that there are insufficient funds (“NSF”) in your account to pay
the amount you authorized for payment or otherwise rejects an EFT debit request, NSF fees may be
imposed on you by your financial institution. PRA is not liable for any such NSF fees.
By participating in Online Payment, you agree that PRA may obtain financial information
regarding your designated payment account(s) from your financial institution for the purposes of
performing electronic payments, resolving payment issues, and verification.
If there is an unauthorized electronic fund transfer to PRA, you must immediately report it to
PRA or your bank. You may notify PRA by email or telephone, or in writing. You are liable for
subsequent transfers to the extent permitted by state law.
If you believe an error exists in how we applied a payment, you must notify PRA of the error by
email or telephone, or in writing. Your notice must identify you by name and Account number, and
indicate why you believe an error exists. Please include the type, date, and amount of the error
to the extent possible. PRA shall promptly investigate and report the results of our
investigation to you. Most complaints are resolved and closed within 30 days of receipt. If we
determine that no error occurred or that an error occurred in a manner or amount different from
that described by you, our report of the results of the investigation will include a written
explanation of our findings. Upon request, we shall promptly provide copies of the documents.
RESTRICTIONS ON ACCESS AND/OR USE
In accessing or using the Website, you agree that you will not:
Reproduce, re-distribute, sell, publish, broadcast, or circulate any materials or information
contained on the Website to anyone, even if they are in the same company or organization as you;
Post materials or information from the Website to news groups, mail lists, or bulletin boards;
Modify, edit, alter, or enhance any of the materials or information from the Website in any
manner;
Submit fraudulent, misleading, or otherwise falsified information relating to your debt, your
outstanding obligations, your login credentials, or your Account(s);
Purposely manipulate, change, or otherwise interfere with the functioning of the Website or any
of its subparts and/or correlating security measures;
Access or use the Website in a manner that in PRA’s sole discretion could damage, disable,
overburden, or impair the Website, or interfere with any other party’s access to and/or use of
the Website;
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Website, or any part of it, other accounts, or
computer systems or networks connected to the Website, or any part of it, through hacking,
password mining, or any other means, or interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper
working of the Website or any activities conducted on the Website;
Exploit the Website for any commercial gain;
Upload, download, post, submit, or otherwise distribute or facilitate the distribution of any
content on or through the Website that is unlawful, fraudulent, deceptive, false, misleading,
untruthful, or inaccurate;
Obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information not intentionally made available
through the Website;
Use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including
without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars, or intelligent agents) to navigate or
search the Website;
Use any robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means to access the Website for any purpose
without our express written permission or bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures
we use to prevent or restrict access to the Website;
Utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other PRA materials or information
without our express written consent; or
Use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing PRA’s name or trademarks without our
express written consent.
If PRA, in its sole discretion, believes that you have engaged in any activities restricted by these
Terms or by law, your license to access and/or use the Website terminates automatically without
notice to you. In addition, we may take other various actions to protect PRA, other users, and other
third parties, including:
Suspending your access to or use of the Website;
Updating inaccurate information you provided us;
Refusing to allow you to use the Website in the future;
Taking legal action against you; and
Holding you liable for PRA’s damages caused by your violation of these Terms or applicable law.
You agree to destroy any printed or downloaded materials or information you obtained from the
Website immediately upon termination of your license to access and/or use the Website.
You agree that we, in our sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your access to or use of the
Website and to remove and discard any content within the Website, for any reason, including for lack
of use or if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of
these Terms. In our sole discretion, we may also refer suspected fraudulent, abusive, or illegal
activity on the Website to appropriate law enforcement authorities. You agree that we may terminate
your access to or use of the Website under any provision of these Terms without prior notice.
DISCLAIMER
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT, MATERIALS AND
FUNCTIONALITY ON THE WEBSITE, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, AND PRA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. PRA FURTHER DOES
NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS, OR OTHER ITEMS
CONTAINED WITHIN THE MATERIALS.
The Website may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons. PRA
has no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or
transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction, or unauthorized access to, or
alteration of, your online access to your Account(s). PRA is not responsible for any problems or
technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or
providers, computer equipment, software, failure of email or other communications on account of
technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or on the Website, or combination thereof,
including injury or damage to you or to any other person’s computer related to or resulting from
participating or downloading materials in connection with the Website.
The laws of certain States may not allow certain disclaimers of warranties with respect to
consumers, in which case the limitations and disclaimers above apply to the maximum extent permitted
by your jurisdiction.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL PRA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES BE
LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR
OTHERWISE, FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR
FOR LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF PRA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT
SHALL PRA’S OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR YOUR
ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY PART OF THIS WEBSITE EXCEED $100. THE LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES MAY NOT ALLOW
THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES IN THIS SECTION, IN WHICH CASE PRA’S AND ITS AFFILIATES’
LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS WEBSITE AND THESE TERMS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAWS OF THE APPLICABLE STATE.
INDEMNITY
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless PRA and
all of its successors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, stockholders,
investors, employees, agents, representatives, and attorneys, and their respective heirs,
successors, and assigns (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all
claims, liabilities, losses, damages, costs, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable
attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties arising out of or relating to (a) your access
to, use of, or alleged use of the Website; (b) your violation of these Terms, any representation,
warranty, or agreements referenced in these Terms, or any applicable law or regulation; (c) your
violation of any third party right, including without limitation any intellectual property,
publicity, confidentiality, property, or privacy right; or (d) any disputes or issues between you
and any third party. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and
control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to
cooperate as fully as reasonably required with our defense of such claim. PRA reserves the right, at
its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to
indemnification by you. You agree not to settle any matter without our prior written consent.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Website may from time to time include links to other websites that are not under PRA control. We
provide these links for your information and convenience only and do not endorse the content of such
linked websites or third parties. PRA expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content or
availability of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. We may terminate any link or
linking program at any time. When you access any of the third party sites linked to this site, you
do so at your own risk.
EXPORT CONTROL
This Website, including all content, features, and materials on this Website, are intended for use
within the United States only. We make no representation that this Website or any of its content,
features, or materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access
this Website from outside the United States do so at their own risk and are responsible for
compliance with applicable local laws. You agree to comply with all U.S. or other export and
re-export control restrictions. You represent and warrant that you are not located in, or a resident
or a national of, any country (a) subject to a U.S. government embargo or similar restriction, or
that has been designated by the U.S. government as a “terrorist supporting” country; or (b) listed
on any U.S. government lists of prohibited or restricted parties.
GOVERNING LAW
The substantive and procedural laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to the choice or
conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction, will govern these Terms, your access to and use of
the Website, and any claim relating to the materials on this Website.
COMMUNICATIONS
By accepting these Terms, you also expressly consent to be contacted by PRA for any purpose arising
out of or relating to your access to or use of the Website, your Account(s), or your debt or
outstanding obligations by email, SMS messages (including text messages), and calls and messages
delivered using automatic telephone dialing system or an automatic texting system. In the event that
an agent or representative calls, he or she may send you a text message or leave a message on your
answering machine or voice mail.
You consent to receive emails, SMS messages (including text messages), calls, and messages from us
at the specific number(s) or email address you have provided to us, or numbers or email address we
can reasonably associate with your Account(s) (through skip trace, caller ID capture, or other
means) with service-related information, notices, disclosures, documents, other Account-related
correspondence, or questions about your Account(s). You further represent and warrant that the
telephone number you have provided to us is your contact number and that you are permitted to
receive calls and text messages at the telephone number you have provided to us. You agree to alert
us promptly if your telephone number changes or is no longer in service. You also agree that any
email address you provide to PRA is an active and personal private email address accessible only to
you and not a workplace or shared email address. You agree that we may use such means of
communication described in this section even if you will incur costs to receive such phone messages,
text messages, e-mails, or other means. Standard message and data rates may apply to all SMS
messages (including text messages). We may modify or terminate our SMS messaging services from time
to time, for any reason, and without notice or liability to you.
If at any time you wish to stop receiving communication by electronic means from PRA, you can click
the Unsubscribe link, if any, contained within the electronic communication, or contact PRA using
the contact information contained in the Contact Us link on the Website.
Federal E-Sign Disclosure and Consent Notice
We may be required by law to give you certain information “in writing” which means you are entitled
to receive it on paper. We may provide this information to you electronically, instead, with your
prior consent. You agree and consent to receive communications electronically, including but not
limited to notices, disclosures, records, documents, and other information (collectively,
“Communications”) that we provide or that you agree to at our request in connection with any of your
current or future Account(s). We will provide these Communications to you via the Website, or by
email, if you have so elected. Your consent also confirms that you are able to receive, open, and
print (if desired) a copy of such Communications provided through this Website or the email address
you provide. Your consent remains in effect until you give us notice that you are withdrawing it. We
may always, in our sole discretion, provide you with any Communications in writing, even if you have
chosen to receive them electronically. Your consent covers all Communications relating to any of
your current or future Account(s).
Hardware & Software Requirements. In order to access and retain electronic Communications,
you will need a computer with an internet connection, and an installed printer if you wish to print
them. In order to download and view your documents on your computer, you need to have a program
installed on your computer that accurately reads and displays PDF files such as Adobe Acrobat
Reader. We will notify you if there are any material changes to the hardware or software needed to
receive electronic Communications from PRA by posting them to the Website or by email. You must also
have an active valid email address if you elect to receive Communications by email. You may print or
save a copy of these Communications for your records as they may not be accessible online at a later
date.
How to Withdraw Your Consent. You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications
electronically by contacting us at 1-800-772-1413 or by contacting PRACustomerCare@portfoliorecovery.com.
If you fail to provide consent or if you withdraw your consent to receive Communications
electronically, PRA reserves the right to deny your access to and use of the Website.
Requesting Paper Copies of Electronic Communications. If, after you consent to receive
Communications electronically, you would like a paper copy of a Communication we previously sent
you, you may request a copy at no charge within 180 days after the date we provided the
Communication to you by contacting us at 1-800-772-1413 or by
contacting PRACustomerCare@portfoliorecovery.com.
We will send your paper copy to you by U.S. mail to the address we have on file.
Updating Your Contact Information. It is your responsibility to keep your primary email
address up to date so that PRA can communicate with you electronically, and you must promptly notify
us of any change in your email address. Please note that if you use a spam filter that blocks or
re-routes emails, you must allow senders with the domain extension @portfoliorecovery.com so that
you will be able to receive the Communications we send you. You may update your email address on
your Account profile page, by calling us at 1-800-772-1413, or by
contacting PRACustomerCare@portfoliorecovery.com.
SURVIVAL
The following sections of these Terms survive termination of your access to and use of the Website:
Proprietary Rights, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnity, Governing Law, Arbitration
Agreement and Class Action Waiver, and General, and any other provision that by its terms survives
termination of your access to and use of the Website.
GENERAL
You may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights and obligations under these Terms, in
whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign
the Terms or any of our rights or obligations under these Terms at any time without notice. Our
failure to require performance of any provision of these Terms does not affect our right to require
performance at any time thereafter, nor may you consider our waiver of a breach or default of these
Terms a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of
paragraph headers in these Terms is for convenience only and does not have any impact on the
interpretation of particular provisions. In the event that any part of the Terms is held to be
invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent
possible and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.
Sign In To View Account
About Us
How It Works
The PRA Promise
Contact & FAQs
U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice
Web Privacy Policy
California Privacy
Terms & Conditions
State and Local Disclosures
Careers
Cookie List
PRA, LLC has been a RMAI Certified Member Company since 09/2014 (C1409-1025). You can contact our Chief Compliance
Officer, Laura White (RMAI Certified Individual Member Number: P1409-1070 / Since 09/2014), at PRA Group,
150 Corporate Blvd, Norfolk, VA 23502. Please be sure to include your name, address, account number, and
telephone number.
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC
120 Corporate Boulevard
Norfolk, VA 23502
Customer Service Toll Free: 1-800-772-1413
NMLS ID: 934179
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Our website contains links to websites owned and operated by third parties. If you use these links, you leave our
website. These links are provided for your information and convenience only and are not an endorsement by PRA, LLC
of the content of such linked websites or third parties. PRA, LLC has no control over the contents of any linked
website and is not responsible for these websites or their content or availability.
COPYRIGHT © 2020 PORTFOLIO RECOVERY ASSOCIATES, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
PRApay 5.6.0
Modal Title
Template to be used for all modals.
Close
OK
Modal Title
Close
OK
Template to be used for campaign modals.
Live Chat