http://www.achillesusa.com/about/privacy-statement/
Published: 1/1/2020
Achilles USA, Inc. (“Achilles”) is the North American manufacturing subsidiary of the Achilles Corporation, a worldwide conglomerate of plastic film manufacturing. Located in Everett, Washington, our manufacturing plant calenders, extrudes, laminates and slits polyvinyl chloride (PVC), cast polypropylene (CPP) and olefin films.
While prioritizing our customers’ confidence in us and with the recognition that understanding and handling customer information accurately and confidentially is an important obligation of ours, Achilles has established a Privacy Policy concerning Personal Information. This Privacy Policy will help you understand what information we collect, what we use it for, and who we may share it with.
By submitting a request for information on our website, you consent to our gathering and using your information as described in this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time and Achilles will update this website with those changes.
We abide by the following principles while processing personal information:
We do not collect more information than is necessary.
We do not use your information for purposes other than what is disclosed in this Privacy Statement.
We do not keep your information if it is no longer needed.
We do not disclose your information in any manner other than what is disclosed in this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement explains the following:
What information does Achilles gather?
How does Achilles gather information?
How doe Achilles use the gathered information?
With whom does Achilles share the information?
How does Achilles protect your personal information?
Use of Cookies.
Contacting us.
What information does Achilles gather?
Personal information means any information which is supplied by you to Achilles on various occasions and from which you can be identified including, without limitation, personally identifiable information (such as your name, company name, address, phone number and e-mail address). You can browse our website without giving away any personal information. If you click the “Submit” button when requesting information, personal information that you entered will be gathered by Achilles. Achilles may also collect your contact information and correspondence if you contact us by phone, e-mail or letter.
If you request a film quote, additional information regarding your product specifications will be collected. This information is not personal in nature but is required to begin the quote process. This information is held in strict confidence.
Achilles does not request credit card or other financial information from you on our website.
How does Achilles gather information?
Achilles gathers information that you submit through the “Contact An Expert”, “Request Samples”, and “Request a Quote” web forms that you initiate on the Achilles website, www.achillesusa.com.
How does Achilles use the gathered information?
Achilles receives information from you so that we may reply to your inquiries, and you need to understand that you are therefore not anonymous to us. If you submitted the “Request a Quote” web form, we will use your contact information and product specifications to generate a preliminary price quote.
With whom does Achilles share information we gather?
Achilles may share your personally identifiable information with third parties that provide services on behalf of AchillesUSA. Such third parties do not have the right to use your personal information for any purpose other than to provide the applicable service.
Achilles does not sell your personally identifiable information. Achilles will not indiscriminately disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party. Achilles may share your non-personally identifiable information with third parties.
Achilles may disclose your personally identifiable information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about your account as follows: as may be required by law, regulation, rule or court order; pursuant to requests from governmental agencies or law enforcement authorities; as necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be in violation of federal, state, or local laws; or to protect AchillesUSA, our employees or other third parties including, without limitation, emergency situations.
Achilles may advertise, promote, reference, recommend or provide links to third party sites, services and products. These third parties may have their own privacy policies, which may not comply with this Privacy Statement, even if the site, service or product contains the Achilles logo or name. Achilles IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTIES. Achilles recommends that you review the privacy policies of any such third parties.
How does Achilles protect your personal information?
Your personal information is password protected. While Achilles believes that it has implemented reasonable security, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent unauthorized third parties, such as hackers, from obtaining or accessing your information. In such an event, the Achilles will do everything in its power to respond to and circumvent such an event.
Use of Cookies
Achilles uses a feature of your web browser called “cookies” to automate certain aspects of our web site. Cookies are very small files that are stored on your computer and that enable us to recognize your computer each time you return to our site. By using cookies, Achilles can collect anonymous and aggregated statistical information regarding visits to our web site. We use this information to analyze how our web site is used using Google Analytics.
We do not keep track of your web site preferences, what you have already seen on our site and what you haven’t, or any other personalization you may have done. Achilles uses any information gathered using cookies in compliance with this Privacy Statement.
Third parties, whom Achilles may have a relationship or web site link to, may also use cookies. Such third parties are responsible for placing and using such cookies and may collect information about you through such cookies; Achilles does not have access to such cookies, control the use of such cookies, nor have control over the privacy policies of such parties.
Cookie Declaration
Contacting us
If you decide to contact us, you may be asked to provide personal information such as your name, address, the company that you represent, and the nature of your inquiry. Depending on the inquiry, we will use this information to communicate with you (phone calls, email), prepare quotes for you, and/or answer any relevant questions you may have. Your personal information will be used in compliance with this Privacy Statement.
Our contact information is:
AchillesUSA
1407 80th St. SW
Everett, WA  98203
425-353-7000, option 3 for Customer Operations
About
Safety
Quality
Environmental
History
Employment
Contact
News
Privacy Statement
“I love Achilles, they were able to give me the exact materials I needed when I needed them”
Bob Thomas - Xcel Graphics