http://www.necaconnection.org/privacy-policy
Choosing an Electrician
The NECA Advantage
About NECA
Connection Connecting You With Qualified Electricians
& Contractors
Since 1901, the National Electrical Contractors Association (NECA) has set the highest standards of quality and excellence for the electrical construction industry.  LEARN MORE
Privacy Policy
What Information Does NECA Collect? Most data NECA collects are used only to help NECA better serve its members. It is our policy to collect and store only information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. If our privacy policies change, we will notify all users by e-mail or a special correspondence placed on the website. From General Users. NECA does not collect any personal information from users browsing its website. Users to the public areas of NECA's website browse anonymously. Only aggregate data – such as the number of hits per page – are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal purposes and do not include any personal identifying information. From NECA Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features of the NECA website, members are asked to log in. These data are submitted voluntarily. Similar information may be submitted to NECA through membership applications, conference and seminar registration, publication orders, subscriptions and contest registrations. How Does NECA Use Data Collected? NECA uses information voluntarily submitted by members and other customers in the following ways. NECA Member Services and Products. Generally, NECA uses data collected to improve to its own web content; to respond to visitors' interests, needs and preferences; and to develop new products and services. Disclosures to Third Parties. NECA makes member contact information available through the NECA Membership Directory to other members using its website. How Does NECA Use Cookies? Cookies are files that contain information created by a web server that can be stored on a user's computer for use either during a particular session (“pre-session” cookie) or for future use (“persistent” cookie). NECA uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity as well as store and track passwords. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about users over the internet or to analyze any information that users have knowingly or unknowingly provided. Certain sections of the website may not be accessible unless the viewer's browser is set to accept cookies. Go to necanet.org/helpdesk to learn more about removing cookies. What Privacy Issues Arise With Links to Other Sites? This website contains links to other websites. NECA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites. What Means of Redress Are Available? If any user suspects NECA has handled its personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please let us hear from you. Our postal address is: 3 Bethesda Metro Center
Suite 1100
Bethesda, MD 20814 We can be reached via e-mail by visiting necanet.org/helpdesk and by telephone at (301) 215-4533.
Help Desk
Manage Profile
Privacy Policy
1201 Pennsylvania Ave. NW Washington, D.C. 20004 United States | Phone: (202) 991-6300 | Fax: (301) 215-4500
© Copyright NECA 1995-2016. All rights reserved. | Contact NECA Webmaster
Web Design and Development by Matrix Group International, Inc. ®