https://www.lafargeholcim.com/legal-mentions
COUNTRY NAME
LafargeHolcim Worldwide
LafargeHolcim » Site information » Legal mentions
Site mapContactsDirectoryHelpRSSPrivacy policyCookies policyGlossarySearch
LafargeHolcim » Site information » Legal mentions
Legal mentions
This website and its content, which may be modified from time to time, are subject to a
Trademark and copyright notice
Legal disclaimer
Privacy statement
and maintained for informational purposes only enhancing public access to information about LafargeHolcim, one of the world's leading suppliers of cement and aggregates (crushed stone, sand and gravel) as well as further activities such as ready-mix concrete and asphalt including services.
If you do not agree with these legal notices, please do not use this website.
All legal mentions by theme
Disclaimer
Copyright
Hyperlinks
Our partners
Personal data
Photo and architect credits
The website www.lafargeholcim.com is owned by LafargeHolcim Ltd, Grafenauweg 10, 6300 Zug, Switzerland.
Publication Director: Nollaig Forrest
Hosting company : Amazon Web Services
LLC 1200 12th Avenue South Seattle,
Washington 98144-2734 AWS
http://aws.amazon.com
Use of "LafargeHolcim"
The LafargeHolcim Group companies are from a legal point of view individual and separate legal entities. However, the terms "LafargeHolcim", "Group", "We" or "Us" used in this website shall refer to LafargeHolcim in general or, if not explicitly otherwise stated, where no useful purpose is served by identifying any particular LafargeHolcim Group company.
No representations or warranties
LafargeHolcim is bound only by a best-endeavors obligation concerning the information it makes available to visitors to its website, www.lafargeholcim.com.
While LafargeHolcim has made great efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information and links, such information and links on this website are provided as a convenience to you on an "as is and as available" basis.
LafargeHolcim makes no representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, in relation to the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability or content of this website.
Stock market data in the Investor Relations section is provided by external third parties. LafargeHolcim cannot be held responsible for inaccurate, delayed or interrupted data with regard to the stock price quoted on its website.
The website www.lafargeholcim.com is normally accessible 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. In case of circumstances outside LafargeHolcim's control, difficulties associated with information systems, difficulties associated with telecommunications networks, other technical issues, or for maintenance - this list is not exhaustive - LafargeHolcim may decide to suspend or interrupt access to all or part of the site.
LafargeHolcim may change this website at any time without notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it. All users agree that all access and use of this website and on any website linked to from this site and the content thereof is at their own risk.
No offer and no solicitation
Nothing on this website should be construed as constituting a proposition of sale or purchase. All products, processes and programs presented on the website www.lafargeholcim.com are not necessarily available in all countries. Consequently, the user of this website agrees to exercise his own responsibility when using this information.
Investors must not rely on information provided on this website for investment decisions as such information does not constitute an offer of or solicitation for an offer to purchase, sale, trade, exchange or implement any other transaction in any LafargeHolcim securities.
Special notice for American users of the www.lafargeholcim.com website:
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (C.O.P.P.A.) of 1998 provides safeguards to protect children who use the internet by regulating the online collection of personal information from children under the age of 13. According to this Act, "(...) if you operate a general audience web site and have actual knowledge that you are collecting personal information from children, you must comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (C.O.P.P.A.)."
LafargeHolcim does not intend to collect any Personal Identification Information from children under the age of 13. However, if children under the age of 13 provide Personal Identification Information to us, their parents or legal guardian should request that we delete this information from our files by sending us an email at privacy.lh@lafargeholcim.com. We will use all reasonable efforts to delete children's information from our files.
Further information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 may be found on the Federal Trade Commission's website (www.ftc.gov).
LafargeHolcim is the owner of all right, title and interest in the name of LafargeHolcim. You are prohibited from using the name of LafargeHolcim without the positive authorization of LafargeHolcim. This site and its content are protected according to the intellectual property code, particularly with regard to branding, copyrights, drawings and patterns.
Under applicable laws and international treaties and agreements containing provisions on the protection of copyright, you are prohibited from reproducing (other than for your private use), selling, distributing, issuing, broadcasting, adapting, modifying, publishing, communicating in full or in part in any form the data, presentation or organization of the site, or the works protected by copyright shown on the LafargeHolcim website www.lafargeholcim.com without the specific prior written consent of the holder of the copyright attaching to the work, the presentation or organization of the site, or the data reproduced.
You are also prohibited from introducing data by whatever means to the LafargeHolcim website www.lafargeholcim.com that would modify or be likely to modify the content or appearance of the data, the presentation or organization of the site, or the works featured on the LafargeHolcim website.
For more information, contact the webmaster at the following address: privacy.lh@lafargeholcim.com.
Hyperlinks to the website www.lafargeholcim.com
Simple hyperlinks to the home page of www.lafargeholcim.com may be set up freely as long as they are not used for commercial or advertising purposes and under the condition that the express notice "On LafargeHolcim website" (or any other similar or more detailed notice) is clearly pointed out on the link or next to the link.
LafargeHolcim disclaims any liability for the use of this website or any website linked to it and shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any direct, incidental, special, indirect, punitive or other consequential damages arising out of your access, use or inability to use this website or any website linked to from this site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof, including, but not limited to viruses, that may infect your computer equipment, or any loss of business, profits, data or use.
This authorization is not relevant for websites conveying unlawful, pornographic, xenophobic, subversive, immoral and offensive to human dignity content or any other content which may, to a greater extent, affect the sensitivity of many.
Deep links to any document other than the home page of www.lafargeholcim.com, notwithstanding the shape and content of these links, are prohibited unless express and prior authorization from LafargeHolcim. It should include in particular, but not exclusively, any document of graphic type, any multimedia or text document.
Any reproduction or any use, even partial, of any element of the website www.lafargeholcim.com, within a third party website by framing, inlining or any other similar process are strictly prohibited unless exceptional authorization from LafargeHolcim.
The authorization for the setting of above-mentioned hyperlinks should be requested to the following e-mail address: webmaster.lh@lafargeholcim.com. Such request should mention the URL where the hyperlinks are asked to be set up.
The access to the page incorporating the hyperlinks to the website www.lafargeholcim.com should be free.
Hyperlinks by LafargeHolcim to third party websites
This website may contain hyperlinks to other LafargeHolcim websites but also to external websites. Such hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only.
LafargeHolcim does not express any opinion on and is not responsible for the content of any third party website linked to from this website or through which you may have gained access to this website. LafargeHolcim makes no representations whatsoever about any third party website and expressly disclaims any liability for all such third party information and the use of it.
The www.lafargeholcim.com website is produced by the Communication Department of the LafargeHolcim Group in association with the following partners:
Amazon Web Services, for hosting
LLC 1200 12th Avenue South Seattle,
Washington 98144-2734 AWS
http://aws.amazon.com
Atalan, for advice regarding our accessibility policy and its implementation
+ 33 1 45 26 77 89
contact@atalan.fr
www.atalan.fr
Casual Community, to support and optimize social networks
Julien Lacheray
3 rue Papin
75003 Paris
+33(0)6 42 59 52 84
www.casual-community.com
Edifixio, for the technical implementation of the site and for the hosting administration & supervision
123 rue Jules Guesde
92300 Levallois-Perret - France
+ 33 1 56 90 50 40
www.edifixio.com
Investis Flife AG, for stock market information
Eichendorffstr. 12 c+d
D-97072 Würzburg - Germany
https://www.investisdigital.com
Peter Schmidt Group GmbH, for graphic design
Zirkusweg 1
20359 Hamburg - Germany
http://www.peter-schmidt-group.de/en/home
Poleetic, for guidance and project consulting
Nicolas Laustriat
78 avenue Raymond Poincaré
75116 Paris
Tel.: + 33 6 17 01 26 77
www.poleetic.com
SEO-france.net / SEO Media, for referencing
Mathieu Gheerbrant
37 rue des Mathurins
75008, Paris
Téléphone : +33622225710
www.seo-france.net
WordAppeal, for the structure of site information and written content
99 rue du Faubourg Saint-Martin
75010 Paris - France
+ 33 1 43 38 90 20
www.wordappeal.com
LafargeHolcim uses the questionnaires found on the www.lafargeholcim.com website to collect data regarding visitors to the site. This data allows us to respond to your requests for information. Personal information collected in this way is restricted to basic contact information (last name, first name, job title, company name and address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers).
You may send e-mails to the addresses shown on the website. Each message will contain your e-mail address and any additional information that you wish to include in the message.
Tracking techniques may be used on our web site as a means of enhancing your navigational experience. Any personal information so collected is destined for use by LafargeHolcim and LafargeHolcim's affiliates and partners. LafargeHolcim will never share a user's personal data with any third party, unless the user himself specifically requests this. LafargeHolcim deletes users' IP addresses six months after their last visit to the site.
A session cookie is created when you visit the www.lafargeholcim.com website. Cookies record information about your visit to our site (pages visited, date and time of visit, etc.) on your computer's hard drive. This information can be used during your next visit to the website. This cookie remains on your computer for 30 minutes. You can block these cookies by modifying the security parameters of your browser (for example, Tools / Options on Microsoft Explorer 6).
Photos of LafargeHolcim's products, industrial sites and architectural projects built using Lafarge's materials are available for download in the Medialibrary section for communication about LafargeHolcim and its activities only. Any commercial use is excluded.
LafargeHolcim is the owner of all Intellectual Property rights arising from the pictures available in the Medialibrary section (or at least, have been duly authorized by the relevant owner). Consequently, you should not licence, sell, rent, loan the pictures without the prior written consent of LafargeHolcim.
The content of the pictures might also be subject to Copyright (in particular photos with architectural works, furniture design articles etc.). It is your responsibility to use the pictures in accordance with the legal requirements in your country or to ask for the relevant authorization from the Copyright owner.
LafargeHolcim cannot be held responsible if you do not comply with these Terms of Use.
Photographs:
Photothèque LafargeHolcim/D.R., Augusto Da Silva/Graphix-images, Roy Wiemann/Getty Images, Yellow Dog Production/Getty Images, François Moura, Liu Zhan, Bernard Collet, Philippe Couette, Claude Cieutat, Laurent Rothan, Jeff Voelz, Rubén Gordi, Guillaume Maucuit-Lecomte, Philippe Ruault, Gustavo Oramas, Jack Clark, Jean-Marie Monthiers, Fernando Ferreira, Guillaume Atger/Editing Corp, Gilles Rolle/R.E.A., Antoine Vavel, The image factory, Philippe Giraud/Terres du sud, Emmanuel Doumic, Mike Ford Photography, Michael Martin Photography, Photothèque LafargeHolcim Asland/Fond éditorial Lundwerg, Patrick Kennedy, Christian Michel, Emmanuel Doumic, Christian Dumont Graphix images, Cazenave ArtKitect, Pont-Senac Jérome, W.W.F. - Canon/Roger Leguen, Saurabh Das/Agence Vu, Jean-Marie Monthiers, Columbia Collection, David Spielman/G.P.A., Georges Fessy, Christian Chamourat, Lloyd Sutton, Adam Welch, R. Lowery/Ernest - Rawlins Photography, Jack Clark, Lyal Lauth, Mamberti Thierry, François Poche, Tucker Photography, Ana Muller, Jeffrey Grosscup/G.P.A., Huang Yu / Shanghai SanHe Photography Co./L.T.D., W.W.F.-Canon/Juan Pratginestos, Jacques Ferrier architecte, Patrick O'Brien, Jae-Seong E., Bruno Fert / corbis, Grégoire Korganow / Rapho, Laurence Prat / Images et Concepts, Gérard Uferas / Corbis, Photothèque C.R.A.S.H., Vincent Rackelboom, Samuel Ashfield, Jean-Philippe Mesguen, Balloide Photo, Hamilton De Oliveira, Mikolaj Katus, Cedric Arnold, Cyrille Dubreuil, Ignus Gerber, Claudio Lara Da Costa, Rich Sanders, Tucker Photography, Grison Jacques, Supnarak Kanok, Fabrice Gousset / Courtesy Galerie Kreo, See Zisiang, Browne Shaun, Gerber Ignus, A. Tabaste, Louvre Museum / Mario Bellini, David Sundberg / Esto, Richard Humphries, Diego Giudice, Stéphane de Bourgies, Robson Moraes, Sam Lahoz, Kristen Pelou, Lowery Russel, lucylu (Flickr), Lerouge Max, AM, Amel Hizaoui via ArchiSnack on Architecture, Atanackovic Nemanja, Aucun, Babasteve via Flickr, Beaucap Thierry, Boegly Luc, Boudereaux Alain, Brose12 , Flickr, Creative Commons, Bust it away photography , Flickr, Creative Commons, Caron Philippe, Chanoit Yves, Charles Plumey-Faye, Charles Plumey-Faye (© Médiathèque LafargeHolcim), Chill05 via Flickr , Chirag Shah, Flickr creative commons, Chongqing, the economic powerhouse of inland China, CIA World Factbook, Clark Jack, Creatas Images, Thinkstock, Delf Galot , Flickr, Creative Commons, Doug Wheller , Flickr, Creative Commons, DR Médiathèque LafargeHolcim, DR Transportation Investment Corporation, DR Urbanology LLP, Eyidi Nicolas, Fougeirol Benoît, Gerber Ignus, Getty Images, Gifford Porter, Grosjean Pierre-François, Grosscup Jeffrey, Humberto Terenziani via Flickr, Ignus Gerber, Jean-Christophe BENOIST, Jeff Laitila via Flickr, Kambic Miran, Katus Mikolaj, LafargeHolcim West Canada, Lisa Ricciotti, Lise Cbs via Jessica Nowak on Architecture, Matheson Bob, Médiathèque LafargeHolcim, Mesguen Jean-Philippe, Michael Caroe Andersen / Thinkstock, mtcurado , Thinkstock collection iStock, Panagiotidis Periklis, Pietri Architectes, Piraud Hervé, Raimond Siebesma , Thinkstock collection iStock, Ramirez Ruben, Rc!, Flickr, creative commons , Ricciotti Lisa, Ronald Tagra via Flickr , Ruault Philippe, Ségalen Henri Alain, Sheriar Irani, Thinkstock collection iStock, Stefan Munder via Flickr, Stéphane Peres, Flickr creative commons, Storm Crypt via Flickr , Tabaste A., Thinkstock, Thinkstock By genvessel from Waco, via Wikimedia, ToucanWings (Wikimedia Commons), Tucker Photography, UN Habitat, Ville Miettinen via Flickr, Wilson Loo Kok Wee, Flickr creative commons, Yves Chanoit, Zhang Xinping,
Architects:
Atelier A, Giulia Andi / Agence Lin, Bligh Voller Nield, Roberto Canduso, C.P.V. Group Architects & Engineers L.T.D., David / Waner Internation Film Co., Jacques Ferrier, Norman Foster, Antonio Gaudi, Finn Geipel, Jones Brothers Construction, Hatch Mott MacDonald, Rémy Marciano / Klemens Ortmeyer / Daniel Jamme, Paul Merrick and Associates, Francesco Passaniti, Jean-Paul Philippon, Renzo Piano, Rudy Ricciotti, Valode & Pistre Architectes, Williams and Associates, Olsen Warman, Ralph Whitehead Associates, Archiplan Co, F.H.W.A., Wichai Khaemajitpishit, Martin Szekely, Moatti & Rivière, Dominique Marrec & Emmanuel Combarel (E.C.D.M.), Frédéric Borel, Rémy Marciano, Zaha Hadid, Vitor Wanderley & João Uchoa, SOM, Jean Nouvel, JSK/GMP/SBP, Perspective Agence Marc Mimram,Tim Fagan / Bombardier, Ashford Brown Maryam, Bellini Mario, Ricciotti Rudy, Brochet, Lajus, Pueyo Agence d'architecture, Christophe Hutin, Combarel Emmanuel - Marrec Dominique, David Misic, ENIA Architecture, Ferrier Jacques, Frank Lloyd Wright, I. M. Pei, Jean-Baptiste Pietri, Kalt Jean - Philippon Brigitte - Philippon-Kalt Architecte, Le Corbusier - José Oubrerie, Manuelle Gautrand, Marc Mimram, Mario Corea Arquitectura, Menn Christian, Moatti Alain - Rivière Henri, Oscar Niemeyer, Paul Andreu, Rei Naito and Ryue Nishizawa, Ricard Meier, Rudy Ricciotti, Santiago Calatrava, Stantec Architecture Ltd , Francl Architect Inc. Walter, Swanepoel Pierre, Thom Mayne, Zhor Jaidi-Bensouda.
Contacts
Contact our teams close to your location
More in this section
Site map
Contacts
Glossary
Legal mentions
Cookies policy
Privacy policy
Directory
Help
Your feedback
RSS
Search