http://www.idville.com/pages/privacy-policy
Accessibility Information
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Primary Navigation
Bye 2020! Celebrate 2021 with $50 off all orders $250+ with code: BYE2020. (Excludes On Demand)
Contact Us
1.866.438.4553
Chat
Mobile Navigation
Request a Quote
My Account
Go
ID Systems
ID Printers
ID Printer Supplies
ID Cards
Accessories
Office Signs
Visitor ID
Safety Products
Privacy Policy & Terms of Service
IDVILLE PRIVACY STATEMENTThis Privacy Statement describes how Baudville, Inc., its affiliates, and subsidiaries ("Company" "we" or "us") collects, handles and processes personally identifiable information including non-public personal information we obtain regarding individuals ("personal information") in connection with your access or use of all of the websites ("Sites") and services, products, applications offered by the Company ("Services").    Please read this Privacy Statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.  If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not access or use our Services or Sites or provide any information in connection with them. By accessing or using our Services or Sites or providing any information in connection with them, you agree to this Privacy Statement. You also expressly consent to the processing of your personal information according to this Privacy Statement.California Residents  California residents may access the Company's Privacy Notice for California residents at https://www.idville.com/pages/privacy-policy-ccpaInformation Collected by the CompanyThe Company may collect information about you, including but not limited to:customer and consumer information (e.g., name, company name, address, birthdate, city, state and ZIP code, email address and telephone number).organizational and employment information that includes job title, work location and hire date.your device data and how you interact with the Company's Sites (e.g., IP address, browser type, and unique device identifier).details of any payment transactions you carry out through the Services including credit card numbers.We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the
following categories of sources:Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete, Services you utilize, or
products you purchase.Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on the Sites
or on other Sites which employ our cookies.
From other sources. For example, from third parties purchasing our products or Services
to deliver or otherwise make available to you or third party marketing
companies that we use to provide you with our Services, product offerings and
other information. Data we receive from other sources may be combined with the information you provide us, and may be used, shared or sold for the following purposes stated below.Use of Personal InformationWe may use, sell or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate the transaction. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders;To obtain rental fess in connection with our multichannel marketing database partners;To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Sites, products, and Services;To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us;To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud;To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;To personalize your experience on our Sites and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Sites, third-party sites or services, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law);To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Sites, products, databases and other technology assets, and business;For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Sites, products, and Services;To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations;As described to you when collecting your personal information;To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred.We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.The Company's Sharing of Information CollectedWe may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:with our affiliates or subsidiaries, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business including those who assist us with order fulfillment, marketing, advertising, or market research and multichannel marketing endeavors;with Software/IT service providers we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;with banks and credit card processors to the extent necessary for the Company to deliver the Services. We may also sell your personal information to multichannel marketing database users. Apart from the categories and purposes listed above, the Company will not share or sell your personal information with other third parties for their independent use without your permission.Information SecurityWe will use reasonable administrative, technical and physical security to protect the personal information we retain and to help ensure that it is used in accordance with this Privacy Statement.  We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement unless longer retention is required by law or for auditing purposes.Cookies/Tracking TechnologiesOur Sites may use "cookies" and other tracking technologies to gather information about your interactions.  This information may include demographic data, browser type, IP address, pages visited, activities conducted on the page, and the day and time of your visit. We do not currently honor "do not track" signals from a web site browser. Please refer to your computer browser help instructions for more information on cookies and other related technologies and how to manage their use. If you refuse or delete cookies, you will need to repeat the process if you use another computer or change browsers. If you refuse or delete cookies, some of the functionality of our Sites could potentially be impaired. Pages of our Sites may also contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that allow us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages.  We may use this information to provide a better website user experience, and tailor our marketing communications.Linked SitesOur Sites may contain links to other websites. The Company assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites.  You expressly relieve the Company from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, or from the content of any third-party website.Children’s PrivacyOur Sites or Services do not target or knowingly collect any information from individuals under the age of 18.Information RequestYou may request information from the Company regarding the personal information it collects from you and how it shares your personal information with third parties. We will endeavor to provide a copy of this information in a standardized format. You may make such a request by emailing service@baudville.com or calling us at 1-800-728-0888 where you can request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. Changes to our Privacy StatementIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Statement on this page with a notice that the Privacy Statement has been updated on our Site home pages. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a prominent notice on our Site home pages in addition to any legal requirements. The date the Privacy Statement was last revised is identified at the top of the page. About California Proposition 65California’s Proposition 65 entitles California consumers to special warnings for products that contain one or more of the approximately 950 common substances known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm if those products expose consumers to such chemicals above certain threshold levels. This law also states that any company that delivers these products to addresses in California MUST place a warning on the product, usually in the form of a sticker. We care about our customer’s safety and are providing the following warning for products linked to this page: WARNING: This product contains chemicals known to the state of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. What is the risk level? A person exposed to the chemical at the “no significant risk level” for 70 years would not have more than a “one in 100,000” chance of developing cancer because of that exposure. If you are a customer who is buying a product for distribution in California and you have concerns about a product containing the Prop 65 warning labels, please inquire before ordering. For more information on Prop 65, please visit http://www.oehha.ca.gov/prop65.html. If you are a vendor contracted by Baudville, Inc, we request that you try to incorporate raw or component materials that meet the Phthalate Free concentration standards that adhere to less than or equal to 1,000 parts per million (“ppm”) of DEHP, DBP, DINP, DIDP, DnHP, and BBP as determined by a minimum of duplicate quality controlled test results using Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) testing methodologies 3580A and 8270C.
Top of Page
Sign Up for Email
News, Sales and Ideas
Join Now
Need Help?
Customer Service Tech Support Returns & Exchanges Shipping & Payment FAQs How-To-Videos
More Ways To Shop
Online Catalog Request a Catalog Free ID System Info Pack ID Maker Warranties ID Badge Reels
About IDVille
About Us 30 Day Guarantee Career Opportunities Baudville Brands
Information
Knowledge Center White Papers Sample ID Cards ID System Case Studies Video Library IDVille Blog
Stay Connected!
1.866.438.4553
Chat
Send Us an Email
© 2020 IDVille
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Top of Page