http://www.5hourenergy.com/privacy-policy/
FabPro 1000 added to cart
close
Home
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY Notice
EFFECTIVE 8/4/2020:
Any information that you provide of a confidential personal nature or otherwise through this website (“Site”) will be handled in accordance with the following Privacy Policy (“Policy”). Your use of the Site is contingent upon your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of this Site as well as the guidelines of this Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Policy, you may not use the Site.
You understand and agree that SI Online, LLC and its authorized business partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, and agents (collectively, “SIO”, “us” or “we”) may collect, maintain, and process information provided by you, on and through the Site such as your name, email address, and credit card number (“User Submitted Information”). You represent and warrant that you have permission to share any User Submitted Information you elect to provide SIO and that such information is accurate, current, non-misleading, consistent, and relevant for the purpose for which you are providing information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information you provide to SIO through this Site is used to help us understand how visitors navigate our Site and to provide advertising that may be relevant to your interests. You may elect to opt-out from receiving materials from us by following the instructions found below in the Opt-Out section.
By providing any personal information to us, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of such personal information and the collection and processing of such personal information in the United States. Your personal information will be stored and processed on computers in the United States and Canada.
We collect the following categories of information:
Information You Give Us. We collect personal information that you enter on our Site. For example, we collect information from you when you contact us with a question or use any of our services on the Site.
The personal information we may collect from you include:
Your name
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Your address
Your payment information to complete a purchase
Communications with SIO
Other information you choose to provide SIO
Payment Information. We do not collect or store any of your credit card information, which is entirely handled by a third-party processor. All sales transactions on the Site are securely sent to Our credit card processing service provider, Stripe, Inc. To learn more about Stripe’s services please see https://stripe.com/us/privacy.
Online Identifiers and Network Activity. We may automatically record and collect information about how you use the Site. This data may include:
Language
Type of browser and operating system
Internet Service Provider
Internet Protocol address
Location
Access and session times, and
Referring website addresses.
We may capture or infer your location data from your use of the Site ("Location Data"). We may link that Location Data to other information that you provide to us. You may be able to turn off the collection of precise Location Data through your device settings. However, note that we may still be able to infer your approximate location through other information we collect such as your IP address.
Lucky Orange Web Analytics Service. This Site uses the Lucky Orange analytics system to help improve usability and the customer experience. Lucky Orange may record mouse clicks, mouse movements and scrolling activity. Lucky Orange does not track this activity on any site that does not use the Lucky Orange system. You can choose to disable the Lucky Orange Service at http://www.luckyorange.com/disable.php. .
We obtain the above categories of information from the following sources:
Directly from the information you give SIO through the Site.
Indirectly from our authorized agents and business partners such as advertising networks, marketing agencies, and information providers.
Indirectly from activity on the Site. For example, from usage details from your use of the Site.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Makers of 5-hour ENERGY® products: We will share your information with the makers of the products we sell on the site, including Living Essentials, LLC.
We may use, store, and process your information in the following ways.
Use of Information Collected. SIO will use and share your personal information for purposes such as:
Providing customer service;
Delivering information, responding to requests, or resolving disputes;
Processing payments and purchases you make via the Site;
Sending administrative messages such as changes to the Policy;
Sending you newsletters or other marketing communications and other news, including information about products and services offered by us and our business partners;
Measuring, tracking, and analyzing your use, or the performance, of our Site;
Personalizing or tailoring your experience on the Site;
Detecting and preventing fraud, abuse, and other harmful activity;
Sending you promotional messages, targeted marketing, advertising, and other information that may be of interest to you;
For testing, research, analysis, and product development;
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes and promotions, which may have additional rules and treat your personal information differently; and
Other purposes: we may also share your information with other parties as we describe to you from time to time when we collect your information.
External Processing. SIO may share your information for a business purpose. In the preceding twelve months SIO disclosed user information to the following categories of third parties:
its vendors, business partners, and affiliates
service providers
customer support
IT support
the makers of the products we sell on the site, including Living Essentials, LLC
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information.
Third Party Advertising Vendors. SIO and the Site may use third-party advertising companies (such as Google and Facebook) that employ the use of pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, advertising cookies or other similar technology to help with our online and email advertising campaigns. SIO uses these third-party services to deliver targeted ads to you on our Site and across the web on your devices. Examples of third-party service providers include:
Google. You can visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy located here. You can opt out of receiving interest-based Google ads, or customize the ads Google shows you, by clicking here.
Twitter. You can learn more about Twitter’s interest-based advertising or opt-out through Twitter here.
Facebook. To learn more about how Facebook uses your data please visit here or log on to your Facebook account and access your settings. To understand more about Facebook advertising please seehere.
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms. We may monitor, use, and share such data to measure the Site’s performance, activity, and improve the Site’s design and functionality. As with many Internet sites, we may use “cookies” or “web beacons” to, among other things, enhance the functionality of the Site and to make transactions and other activities through the Site more convenient and efficient for visitors. A “cookie” is a file stored locally on a user’s computer. Most Internet browsers include preference settings that allow users to be notified and control whether cookies are transferred to their computers.
You also can learn more about cookies by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org, which includes information on cookies and how to block cookies on different types of browsers and mobile devices. However, by blocking or deleting cookies used on this Site, you may lose full functionality of the Site.
We may also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) on the Site to track your actions on the Site. Pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages and help us measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about your usage of the Site.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Age Restrictions. SIO does not knowingly market to, solicit or collect data from persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, we ask that you do not use this Site. While we cannot take any special action to learn your age, if we learn that you are under 18 years of age, we will not maintain or use any personally identifiable information about you. If you believe your minor-child has provided personally identifiable information to us, please contact us so we can allow you the opportunity to review and delete such information.
Sale or Transfer. In the event of the sale of SIO, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, Site or operations, SIO may disclose or transfer your personal information in connection with such transaction. In the event of such a transfer, SIO will notify you via email or by posting a prominent notice on our Site for 30 days of any such change in ownership of SIO resulting in a change of control of your personal information.
Disclosure pursuant to law. We will also disclose your personal information, without notice, when required to do so to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SIO or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of SIO; and, (c) protect the personal safety of users of SIO, its websites, or the public.
United States Only.  The Site is intended for United States residents only and is subject to the laws of the United States, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country.  If you access the Site from outside of the United States, you understand and agree that your information, including personal information, will be sent to, and processed in, the United States. Your personal information may therefore be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country of residence. By using the Site you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information to the United States and any other applicable territories.
Consent to processing. By using or providing information to the Site, you understand and unambiguously consent to the collection, processing, sharing, and use of such information in the United States for the purposes set forth in this Policy.
Security. Due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot and do not guarantee that communications with the Site will be free from unauthorized access.
Changes to this privacy policy. SIO reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting, and your use of this Website after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms. Periodically check these terms for revisions.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California residents have specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes how a California resident may exercise those rights.
NOTE: we do not sell your personal information as defined in under the California or Nevada data laws.
Rights to Access Personal Information. California residents have the right to request that we disclose certain information to them about our collection and use of their personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from a California resident, we will disclose:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Rights to Deletion Personal Information. California residents, subject to certain exceptions, have the right to request that we delete any of their personal information that we collected and retained. We may deny such a deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 ).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access and Deletion Rights. To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 877-424-0981
Emailing us at requestforinfo@sionlinellc.com
Only a California resident, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information under this section.
We will process and respond to your request within 45 days after it is verified (in some cases this process may be extended by an additional 45 days).
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
ONLINE TRACKING
At this time, this Site does not support do-not-track signals.
OPT-OUT CHOICES
To “opt-out” of (1) any consents previously given to us, (2) receiving communications from us, or (3) having personal information disclosed to third parties, click to Unsubscribe. Notwithstanding this right to request to cease receiving communications from us and to have us not share personal information with third parties, we retain the right to collect, maintain and process information provided by and collected about you on and through the Site, and disclose such information to comply with its reasonable business and legal obligations.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
To the extent that you may provide personal information to us on or through the Site, we will allow reasonable access to, and review of, such information, where such information is readily available, upon proper verification and authentication of the person (author) seeking such access and review. You may request review and revisions to your personal information through the email address requestforinfo@sionlinellc.com. After receipt of verification, we will change or delete your personal information at your request.
Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns about your privacy when using the Site, contact SIO by email at email@help.5HourEnergy.com, or by mail at:
SI Online, LLC
38955 Hills Tech Drive
Farmington Hills, MI 48831
×
OK
Build Your Own Flavor Pack
Build a 24-pack or 12-pack with up to 4 different 6-pack flavors!Buy now or subscribe and have your BYO pack shipped to your door every month.
Start Here