https://www.ryedesign.co.uk/policies-documents/section/website-terms-conditions
Toggle navigation
Home
Business
Website Design
Small Business Website Design
Website Design Kent
Local SEO
CASE STUDIES
Financial Services Branding
Education
Design for Education
School Website Design
School Banners
CASE STUDIES
Kingsdown School
Strood Academy
Blog
Contact
Website Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Rye Designs’ relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Rye Design’, ‘Ryes’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to Rye Design, the owner of the website, whose office is at 107-109 High Street, Rochester, Kent ME1 1JS.
Our company is a Partnership as defined by law in England and Wales. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use.
Terms of use
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk and we shall not be liable for the consequences of such use. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions
All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the websites. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England
Our Policies
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Website Terms & Conditions
Equality and Diversity Policy
Environmental Policy
Health & Safety Policy
Get in touch
Please complete the form below to get in touch and we'll get straight back to you.
Leave this field blank
I agree to the terms & conditions. By submitting your details, you consent to their use as set out in our privacy policy.
I am happy to receive future marketing communications from Rye Design.
SUBMIT
Thought that counts
© 2020 Rye Design | Policies & Documents