http://www.patelco.org/privacy
Close
The San Mateo branch is temporarily closed
Please use our branch locator to find the nearest location
Your Privacy
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us
At Patelco, your personal and financial information are secure, and we are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. We have more protective privacy practices than many other financial institutions, including not selling your data – this is another way we are looking out for your financial well-being.
Important security reminder
Although Patelco may contact you for a specific reason, we will never ask you to verify or update detailed personal or account information over the phone, via a link in an email, or through text messaging. If you receive a request to update specific account information from someone claiming to represent Patelco, it's fraudulent and you should notify us immediately. You can report fraud by calling 800.358.8228 or emailing abuse@patelco.org.
Federal Privacy Notice
The security of your personal and financial information is our highest priority. Read our Federal Privacy Notice (PDF) to learn how we use and protect your information.  Please note that this form is only for Patelco members.
California Privacy Form
In addition to federal rights, California residents (who are Patelco members) have further control over personal information. Read our California Privacy Form (PDF) to learn how we use and protect your information, as well as how you can exercise your rights. Please note that this form is only for Patelco members who are California residents.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Effective January 1, 2020, the CCPA is a set of privacy and personal data protection laws created to improve transparency and privacy for California residents. You can learn more by reading the California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure (PDF). To make a data request use the CCPA form.
Site Terms and Conditions
For guidelines on how to use our online sites, take a look at our site terms.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
In adherence to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we don't allow children under the age of 13 to open personal accounts online or use online banking, unless it's a joint account with an adult. They can still open accounts by themselves at a branch. To learn more about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit ftc.org.
Cookies
When you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, tools or messaging, we (or our authorized service providers) may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience, and for our own marketing purposes. We do not use cookies or other technologies to facilitate other companies marketing to you.
This section is designed to help you understand more about these technologies and our use of them on our sites and in our services, applications, and tools. Below is a summary of a few key things you should know about our use of such technologies.
Our cookies (and similar technologies) have different functions. They are either necessary for the functioning of our services (such as signing in to online banking, completing an application, etc.), to help us improve our performance, to give you extra functionalities, or to help us to serve you relevant and targeted ads for our own products and services. We do not use cookies or other technologies to facilitate other companies marketing their products. We use cookies and similar technologies that only remain on your device for as long as you keep your browser active (session cookies) as well as cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device for a longer period (persistent cookies).You are free to block, delete, or disable these cookies if your device permits. You can manage your cookies and your cookie preferences in your browser and/or device settings.
Where possible, security measures are set in place to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies. A unique identifier ensures that only we and/or our authorized service providers have access to cookie data.
Service providers are companies that help us with various aspects of our business, such as site operations, services, applications, advertisements and tools. We use some authorized service providers to help us to serve you relevant ads on our services and other places on the internet. These service providers may also place cookies on your device via our services (third party cookies). They may also collect information that helps them identify your device, such as IP-address or other unique or device identifiers. We do not use cookies or other technologies to facilitate other companies marketing to you – only for our own marketing of our own products and services.
What are cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies? Like most sites, we use technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a “device”) that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools.
The specific names and types of the cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies we use may change from time to time. In order to help you better understand this policy and our use of such technologies we have provided the following limited terminology and definitions:
Cookies are small text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) placed in the memory of your browser or device when you visit a website or view a message. Cookies allow a website to recognize a particular device or browser. There are several types of cookies:
Session cookies expire at the end of your browser session and allow us to link your actions during that particular browser session.
Persistent cookies are stored on your device in between browser sessions, allowing us to remember your preferences or actions across multiple sites.
First-party cookies are set by the site you are visiting.
Third-party cookies are set by a third party site separate from the site you are visiting.
Cookies can be disabled or removed by tools that are available in most commercial browsers. The preferences for each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options.
Web beacons are small graphic images (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) that may be included on our sites, services, applications, messaging, and tools, that typically work in conjunction with cookies to identify our users and user behavior.
Technologies that store information in your browser or device utilizing local shared objects or local storage, such as flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies, and other web application software methods. These technologies can operate across all of your browsers, and in some instances may not be fully managed by your browser and may require management directly through your installed applications or device. We do not use these technologies for storing information to target advertising to you on or off our sites.
We may use the terms “cookies” or “similar technologies” interchangeably in our policies to refer to all technologies that we may use to store data in your browser or device or that collect information or help us identify you in the manner described above.
Why do we use cookies? Our cookies and similar technologies have different functions. They are either necessary for the functioning of our services, help us improve our performance, give you extra functionalities, or help us to serve you relevant and targeted ads. We use both session and persistent cookies and similar technologies. We do not use cookies or other technologies to facilitate other companies marketing to you – only for our own marketing of our own products and services.
Generally, these technologies allow our sites, services, applications, and tools to store relevant information in your browser or device and later read that information in order to identify your device to our servers or internal systems. Where applicable, we protect our cookies and other similar technologies to help ensure that only we and/or our authorized service providers can interpret them by assigning them a unique identifier that is designed for interpretation only by us.
Our uses of such technologies fall into the following general categories:
Essential. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our sites, services, applications, and tools. This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications, and tools; that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping-carts, saved search, or similar functions;
Performance-related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our websites, applications, services, and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our websites, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our website content, applications, services, or tools;
Functionality-related. We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites, services, applications, or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our sites;
Advertising- or targeting-related.  We may use first-party or third-party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites or on third party sites.  This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that have been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
Update your Privacy Choices
UPDATE NOW