https://www.airport-suppliers.com/terms-and-conditions/
By choosing to use this web site, you are agreeing to abide by all terms & conditions set out on this page.
Limitations on using this website
This site is for your personal use only and is designed for the sole purpose of providing information and services on RBS Global Media Ltd. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from this site, unless RBS Global Media Ltd. grants you specific permission in writing.
E-mail addresses posted on this site are not to be used by any seller of services, any compiler of mailing lists, or any other non-authorized use without prior written approval by RBS Global Media Ltd..
Links to third party sites
This site may contain links to other web sites. Because RBS Global Media Ltd. has no control over these sites and their resources, RBS Global Media Ltd. is not responsible for the availability of these external sites, and can not be held responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from these sites.
No unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of this site, you agree that you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful under any law or prohibited by these terms and conditions. You may not damage, disable, overburden, or impair this site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information not intentionally provided for through this site.
Copyright notice
All information available from this site may be protected under UK and foreign copyright laws. Permission to reproduce may be required. RBS Global Media Ltd. retains all rights to the information provided by this service, including, but not limited to, the right of distribution.
All third party trademarks are acknowledged and are the property of their respective owners.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by the relevant United Kingdom law, and by agreeing to be bound by them you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the relevant courts of the United Kingdom.
We reserve the right to make reasonable modifications to the terms and conditions shown above in so far as they are listed on our website. Changes to terms and conditions will take affect thirty (30) days after they are posted on this website.
Liability disclaimer
All prices quoted on this site are subject to change without notice.
The information, software, products, and services included on this site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the information herein.
RBS Global Media Ltd. may make improvements to and/or changes to this site at any time. Information received on or through these sites should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
RBS Global Media Ltd. makes no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on this site for any purpose. All such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided as is without warranty of any kind. RBS Global Media Ltd. hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
RBS Global Media Ltd. is not liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential or any other damages, including legal fees, whatsoever. Such damages include but are not limited to damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of RBS Global Media Ltd. sites, arising from delay or inability to use RBS Global Media Ltd. sites or related services, related to the provision of or failure to provide services, or resulting from any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through this or any other RBS Global Media Ltd. site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this or any other RBS Global Media Ltd. site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this site.
Indemnity
RBS Global Media Ltd., its agencies, departments, agents and employees cannot be held responsible for any losses, damages, expenses, claims, demands, suits, or actions, including reasonable legal fees made by any third party due to or arising from your use of this site, information obtained from the site, information which you provided to the site, your connection to the site, your violation of these terms and conditions, or your violation of any rights of another.
Terms and conditions last updated 25/11/08
Add Your Company
Name*
Email*
Phone
Message*
Captcha code*
Tick to join our mailing list. By doing so, you accept our Privacy StatementPrivacy StatementWe will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time..
We will protect your privacy - the data you provide on this contact form will only be forwarded to the intended recipient.
Name
Email
to accept our Privacy StatementPrivacy StatementWe will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time..
Submit
Thank you for signing up!
Name*
Email*
Phone
Company name*
Position
Company website URL
Description of company and any other info/questions*
Tick to join our mailing list
We will protect your privacy, by signing up to our regular newsletters, you will only receive industry developments via the Airport-Suppliers website, we will not share your data with third parties, you can unsubscribe or delete your data at any time.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn more.OK