http://www.cadth.ca/privacy-policy
CADTH is committed to supporting Canada’s health care decision-makers through this challenging and uncertain time.
For evidence, tools, and resources related to COVID-19, visit our COVID-19 Evidence Portal.
Begin main content
Find the information you need
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Background and Purpose
CADTH is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of visitors and users of its Website and any CADTH-owned extranets (the “CADTH Website”). This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose solely the personal information you provide to CADTH through the CADTH Website. The term “personal information” refers to any information that identifies you.
Consent
Visitors
No personal information is required to visit or browse the CADTH Website.
Subscribers
If you choose to subscribe to CADTH electronic communications such as newsletters, we will ask for your contact information.  Information about when you receive and open electronic communications from CADTH may be recorded by us.  You may unsubscribe from electronic communications from CADTH at any time via the link at the bottom of the message or in writing (requests@cadth.ca ).
Registrants
Registered users may be offered features not available to non-registered users. By registering as a user, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
You may withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information by cancelling your registration in writing (requests@cadth.ca). If you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to use all sections and features of the CADTH Website.
Should your account be inactive for over 90 days, your registration may be cancelled by CADTH.
Personal Information Collected by CADTH
If you register as a CADTH extranet user, we collect personal information for your user profile. In addition, we collect personal information that you may post on the site such as your comments on a discussion board.
User Profile
If you register to become a registered user, you will be asked to provide us with certain personal information, including name, contact information and affiliation, to create your user profile.
This information may be used to customize content or identify services or collaborative communities that may be of relevance to you. Once you register, a User Name will be automatically assigned to you.
Technical Support
If you request technical support (requests@cadth.ca), in order for us to respond to your request, the following information will be required:
Name;
User name (if applicable);
Email address;
Technical details of incident
A Note on Session Cookies
When you visit CADTH's Internet extranet we collect certain information from your browser using "cookies". Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer. We may use cookies to save user settings and streamline the user experience. Your browser software allows you to disable and delete cookies.
Disabling or deleting cookies will not restrict your use of the CADTH Website.  However, disabling cookies could mean that you may be unable to use certain features such as saved searches or personal settings.  You will still be able to access all information and services.
How to Manage Cookies
It is possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the “Options” or “Preferences” menu of your browser. You can use the “Help” option in your browser or select the following links for more help:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer.
Cookie settings in Firefox.
Cookie settings in Chrome.
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS.
Location of information
All personal information collected by CADTH for your profile is stored in Ontario.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information by CADTH
The first name, last name, and user name of your profile information may be displayed to all registered users participating within any restricted communities to which you belong or have been granted membership.
Profile information is used by CADTH to provide you access to the CADTH extranet. In addition, CADTH will use your personal information to:
administer your profile with us;
provide you with notification of extranet information;
use your information on an aggregate, non-identified basis for the purposes of planning;
provide system administration and resolving technical issues that may arise;
process access requests; and
provide a record of correspondence with you, to resolve any technical support issues based on your request.
Your use of the CADTH extranet is your agreement to the disclosure of your personal information to other CADTH users within your restricted and collaborative communities, should you have access to such communities. CADTH will not disclose your personal information to any third party organizations without your agreement to disclose your personal information.
These third parties are contractually bound to use privacy practices and security standards as established by CADTH.
CADTH may be required to disclose your personal information as permitted or required to by law, for example:
to a government institution, law enforcement or other authority that has lawful authority to obtain the information;
to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or entity with jurisdiction to compel the production of information;
in urgent circumstances to protect the life, health or security of any person; or
to comply with court rules regarding the production of records and information.
Please keep in mind that comments, messages and other information that you choose to share while using CADTH's social networking features, which may or may not exist, such as discussion boards, will be available to members of applicable community groups. All sharing of personal information on discussion boards is done at your own risk.
Retention of Information
CADTH will retain your personal information unless you have cancelled your registration or have had your registration cancelled by CADTH, in which case CADTH may routinely destroy such personal information. CADTH may also destroy your personal information should you withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information by contacting requests@cadth.ca . If you withdraw your consent, you may not be able to use all sections and features of the CADTH Website.
Security
We have adopted reasonable security measures in an effort to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration while it is under our custody and control. We use technical, contractual, administrative and physical measures to protect against unauthorized access.
Other than limited access by CADTH and contracted suppliers in order to carry out account administration functions as described above, the personal information you create in your profile is accessible only by you using your user name and password. To protect the integrity of your profile, you must keep your password confidential. You are responsible for all uses of the CADTH extranet by anyone using your password.
Applicability of Additional Policies
All registered users are bound by the CADTH Common Drug Review Confidentiality Guidelines and the pCODR Disclosure of Information Guidelines, as applicable. The CADTH Common Drug Review Confidentiality Guidelines and the pCODR Disclosure of Information Guidelines, as applicable, will supersede this Privacy Policy with respect to any documentation or other information you provide for the drug review processes.
Links to Third Party Websites
The CADTH Website may contain links to other websites that operate independently of CADTH and are not under our control. We provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information. Other websites may have their own privacy notices, which we suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. CADTH is not responsible for the privacy practices of these organizations or the information that is collected through those websites or for any other use or disclosure of information by the operators of those websites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave the CADTH site and to read the privacy statements of websites that collect personally identifiable information.
Access and Update Your Personal Information
You may update, review or correct your information at any time by updating your user profile or by contacting requests@cadth.ca
Changes to the Privacy Policy
CADTH regularly reviews all of its policies and procedures and we may change our privacy policy from time to time without notice. The last time this privacy policy was updated will appear at the bottom of the page. If we change our practices in processing personal information, it will be reflected in the “Last Updated” date at the bottom of this policy. This way you will always know what information we collect, how we use it and with whom it is shared. Your continued use of the CADTH Website after the effective date of any changes to this privacy policy constitutes your acceptance of all such changes.
Contact Us
Please direct any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy policy to requests@cadth.ca
Last updated: February 2015