http://www.liftincorporated.com/privacy-policy.php
Leesport
888-207-7423
Carlisle
877-898-0381
Williamsport
877-886-1478
Questions
Call us today at 877-659-8907
An Employee Owned Company
Questions
Call us today at
Mountville
(Main Office)
877-659-8907
Leesport
888-207-7423
Carlisle
877-898-0381
Williamsport
877-886-1478
Home
About Us
Our History
Our Locations
Leesport
Parts/Service
Parts
Service
Rental
Sales/Leasing
New Crown Forklifts
New Toyota Forklifts
Other Equipment
Princeton
Allied
New Materials for Sale
Used Materials for Sale
Completed Projects
Aerial
Training
Forklift Operator Training
Aerial Operator Training
Train-the-Trainer
Service Training
Contact
Careers
Privacy Policy
We, the Operators of https://www.liftincorporated.com/ provide it as a public service to our users.
Your privacy is important to us. Our goal is to provide you with a personalized online experience that provides you with the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. This Privacy Policy has been written to describe the conditions under which this web site is being made available to you. The Privacy Policy discusses, among other things, how data obtained during your visit to this web site may be collected and used. We strongly recommend that you read the Privacy Policy carefully. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, you are directed to discontinue accessing or otherwise using the web site or any materials obtained from it. If you are dissatisfied with the web site, by all means contact us; otherwise, your only recourse is to disconnect from this site and refrain from visiting the site in the future.
The process of maintaining a web site is an evolving one, and the Operators may decide at some point in the future, without advance notice, to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy. Your use of the web site, or materials obtained from the web site, indicates your assent to the Privacy Policy at the time of such use. The effective Privacy Policy will be posted on the web site, and you should check upon every visit for any changes.
Links to Non-Operators Web Sites
Lift Inc may provide links to third-party web sites for the convenience of our users. If you access those links, you will leave https://www.liftincorporated.com/. Lift Inc does not control these third-party websites and cannot represent that their policies and practices will be consistent with this Privacy Policy. For example, other web sites may collect or use personal information about you in a manner different from that described in this document. Therefore, you should use other web sites with caution, and you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any web site before submitting personal information.
Types of Information We Collect
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not directly associated with a specific personal identity. Lift Inc may collect and analyze non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use https://www.liftincorporated.com/ web sites.
Log Files
Every time you request or download a file from the web site, https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may store data about these events and your IP address in a log file. https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may use this information to analyze trends, administer the web site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use or for other business purposes.
Cookies
Our site may use a feature of your browser to set a "cookie" on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information that a web site's computer stores on your computer. https://www.liftincorporated.com/ can then read the cookies whenever you visit our site. We may use cookies in a number of ways, such as to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, to deliver content specific to your interests and to track the pages you've visited. These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your experience so that your visit to our site is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible.
Most browser software can be set up to deal with cookies. You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of our web site may not work properly, and you may be unable to use those of the https://www.liftincorporated.com/ services that require registration in order to participate, or you will have to re-register each time you visit our site. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar. We do not link non-personal information from cookies to personally identifiable information without your permission.
Personal Information
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. https://www.liftincorporated.com/ use personal information to better understand your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. On some of the https://www.liftincorporated.com/ web pages, you may be able to request information, subscribe to mailing lists, participate in online discussions, collaborate on documents, provide feedback, submit information into registries, register for events, apply for membership, or join technical committees or working groups. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs, passwords, billing information, or credit card information.
How We Use Your Information
https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may use non-personal data that is aggregated for reporting about the https://www.liftincorporated.com/ usability, performance, and effectiveness. It may be used to improve the experience, usability, and content of the site.
Credit card information may be collected to facilitate your purchase of product/s from our website, such information will not be kept longer than necessary needed. Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. Payment processing services may be provided by a third-party payment service, and a management company external to https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may provide support for the financial activities of https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may share your personal information with its partners to facilitate these transactions.
Information Sharing
https://www.liftincorporated.com/ does not sell, rent, or lease any individual's personal information or lists of email addresses to anyone for marketing purposes, and we take commercially reasonable steps to maintain the security of this information. However, https://www.liftincorporated.com/ reserves the right to supply any such information to any organization into which the https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may merge in the future or to which it may make any transfer in order to enable a third party to continue part or all of its mission. We also reserve the right to release personal information to protect our systems or business, when we reasonably believe you to be in violation of our Terms of Use or if we reasonably believe you to have initiated or participated in any illegal activity. In addition, please be aware that in certain circumstances, https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may be obligated to release your personal information pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or other orders.
Access to and Accuracy of Member Information
https://www.liftincorporated.com/ is committed to keeping the personal information of our members accurate. All the information you have submitted to us can be verified and changed. In order to do this, please email us a request. We may provide members with online access to their own personal profiles, enabling them to update or delete information at any time. To protect our members' privacy and security, we also may take reasonable steps to verify identity, such as a user ID and password, before granting access to modify personal profile data. Certain areas of the https://www.liftincorporated.com/ may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords or other personal identifiers; a password prompt is your indication that a members-only resource is being accessed.
Security
https://www.liftincorporated.com/ makes every effort to protect personal information by users of the web site, including using firewalls and other security measures on its servers. No server, however, is 100% secure, and you should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential information about yourself on any web site, including this one. https://www.liftincorporated.com/ assumes no liability for the interception, alteration, or misuse of the information you provide. You alone are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please use care when use access this web site and provide personal information.
Opting Out
From time to time the Operators may email you electronic newsletters, announcements, surveys or other information. If you prefer not to receive any or all of these communications, you may opt out by following the directions provided within the electronic newsletters and announcements.
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us.