http://www.reimbursementcodes.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions
Home > Terms & Conditions
Website Terms of Use
Last Modified: January 18, 2017
Please read these terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Use”) with care before using this site.
These Terms of Use are entered into by and between you and RJ Health Systems International, LLC (“RJHS”). The Terms of Use govern your access to and use of the RCClaimAssist.com website, the rjhealthsystems.com website or the reimbursementcodes.com website (collectively the “Site”), including any content, functionality and services offered on or through the Site. By accessing or using the Site you agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, and incorporated herein by reference. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy you must not access or use the Site. Throughout these Terms of Use, RJHS is sometimes referred to herein as “we,” “us,” “our.” References herein to “you” and “your” and the rest of the second-person nouns refer to user of the Site.
Use of Site/Updates to Site
RJHS reserves the right to update, revise or modify these Terms of Use at any time and for any reason, without notice to you and therefore, we recommend that you review the Terms of Use periodically for changes. All changes are effective immediately when we post and apply to all access to and use of the Site thereafter.  However, any changes to the dispute resolution provisions set out in the Governing Law and Jurisdiction Section of these Terms of Use will not apply to any disputes for which the parties have actual notice before the date the change is posted on the Site.  Your continued access or use of the Site and its Content (as defined below) shall be deemed as evidence of your acceptance of the Terms of Use.
This Site is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older, and reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions. By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Site and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Site.
This Site does not Provide Medical Advice
RJHS is not a healthcare provider. All health and health-related information produced by RJHS or obtained from third party content providers, including without limitation original text, images, software, audio and video clips, databases, and modules (collectively, the “Content”) contained on the Site are intended to be for informational purposes only and does not represent policy guidance or advice and should not be used as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Only licensed medical professionals may offer medical advice, diagnosis and recommendations for treatment of medical conditions. RJHS does not recommend or endorse any specific tests, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by RJHS, its employees, licensors, independent contractors, or third party content providers appearing on the Site is solely at your own risk and RJHS assumes no responsibility for how you use information obtained from this Site.
Registration Policy
To access the Site or some of the resources it offers you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Site that all the information you provide is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Site is governed by our Privacy Policy. When you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Site or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session.  You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
Use of Content
Subject to the Terms of Use, RJHS grants you a revocable, nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited right to access, view, or use the Site and any Content on the Site solely for your own internal business purposes. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, any reproduction, distribution, modification, retransmission, or publication of any Content is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of RJHS. You agree that you will use the Site for only lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Site:
In any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site.
In a way that could interrupt, or attempt to interrupt, the operation of the Site in any way.
To download, display, reproduce, transmit, sell, or distribute the Site or any portion thereof for any public or commercial purpose or otherwise.
To reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to source code of the services in order to (a) build a competitive product or service, (b) build a product using similar ideas, features, functions or graphics of the services, or (c) copy any ideas, features, functions or graphics of the service.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Modify or create derivative works based on the Content without the express written permission of RJHS.
Not use any deep-link, page-scrape, spider, robot, crawl, index, Internet agent or other automatic device, program, algorithm or technology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions, input information, store information, search, generate searches or monitor any portion of this Site.
You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct while using the Site and for any consequences thereof. You agree that RJHS shall decide, in its sole discretion, if your conduct violates any aspect of these Terms of Use and that RJHS may take whatever action it deems appropriate to address such violation, including without limitation notification of appropriate authorities and removal of your access to the Site and/or cancellation of any services.
Intellectual Property Rights
RJHS (and third party providers where applicable) owns all right, title and interest in the trademarks, service marks, trade names, and trade dress on and copyrights to the Site, as well as all intellectual property rights in and to the Content and services and is protected by United States and international laws. Nothing in this Terms of Use grants to you any license or right to use any trademark, service mark, trade name or logo, copyright, trade dress, or other content displayed on this Site or contained in the Content without the prior permission of RJHS. Your use or misuse of any intellectual property displayed on or used in connection with this Site, or any other content on this Site, or the Content or services is strictly prohibited. This restriction includes copying, reproducing, or modifying any content of this Site for any purpose other than your own personal use. Your access or use of any third party Content may be subject to applicable third party rights, terms and conditions, and may require that you accept additional terms of use for such access or use.
Submissions to RJHS
You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback, names, material, communications or other information about the Site or services (“Submissions”) provided by you to RJHS are nonconfidential for all purposes and shall become the sole property of RJHS, even if these Terms of Use or any other agreement you have entered into with us is later terminated or amended. RJHS shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgement or compensation to you. RJHS shall be free to use such Submissions and to reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform and display the Submissions in any media or medium, or any form, format or forum now known or hereafter developed without any obligation to you. We will not pay you or anyone else for any Submissions which are used by us.  Additionally, you acknowledge that you have full responsibility for any such Submissions you make, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality, and copyright.
Consent to Electronic Communications
By visiting the Site, subscribing to a Service with RJHS or sending emails to us, you are knowingly and voluntarily consenting to receive communications or data regarding the services, including but not limited to: (a) notices about use of the services; (b) updates; and (c) promotional information and materials regarding RJHS’s products and services, third party advisories and information electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. If you would like to opt out of receiving electronic communications from us you may do so by contacting us at info@reimbursementcodes.com or by using the unsubscribe functions at the bottom of our communications.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part.
This Site may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third partywebsites to certain content on this Site.
Send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on thisSite.
Cause limited portions of content on this Site to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, solely with respect to the content they are displayed with. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Site or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking.
Link to any part of the Site other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Site that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Disclaimer
The materials provided by RJHS on this Site (including any products, graphics, software, recommendations or other materials) and any materials or products made available through the Site are provided “as is” and without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. RJHS, its licensors, and its third party providers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, either express or implied, including but not limited to all implied warranties of merchantability, noninfringement, or fitness for particular purpose. RJHS, its licensors and its third party providers make no representations or warranties about the following:
The accuracy, completeness, reliability or timeliness of the Content, communications, or the methodologies used in connection with or provided on or through the use of the Site or by RJHS.
The materials in this Site or in the Content could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. These materials could be inaccurate or become inaccurate as a result of developments occurring after their respective dates. RJHS undertakes no obligation to verify or maintain the currency of such information.
The satisfaction of government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products with regard to the Content contained on the ReimbursementCodes Site.
RJHS makes no warranty that (i) the operation of the functions contained in the Site or the services will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected; (ii) the Site or its services will meet any particular criteria of performance or quality; (iii) the Site or the server(s) on which the Site is operated will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful components, or free of defects or errors; (iv) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site will be accurate or reliable; or (v) defects will be corrected. You (and not RJHS) assume the entire cost of all servicing, repair, or correction that may be necessary for your computer equipment and software as a result of any viruses, errors or any other problems whatsoever you may have as a result of visiting this Site. You hereby agree to hold harmless and indemnify RJHS, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, licensors, suppliers, partners, successors, and assigns, harmless from and against all liability, losses, damages, and expenses (including without limitation defense costs and associated reasonable attorney’s fees and associated costs) associated with any claim, action, or demand brought against RJHS arising out of (a) any breach of or violation of these Terms of Use; (b) any information you submit, share, or upload on or to the Site; and/or (c) any claim that information or content that you provide violates any applicable law or otherwise infringes the rights of a third party. You shall cooperate fully in the defense of any claim. RJHS reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
Infringement Claims
Infringement Notification Procedure. If you are an intellectual property rights owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content posted to this Site infringes upon your intellectual property rights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for further detail):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the work claimed to have been infringed or, if multiple works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number and, if available, an electronic mail;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Such information should be sent to info@reimbursementcodes.com. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements set forth above, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
Counternotice. If you have had your content removed under the above take-down procedure, and believe that the content is not infringing, you may send a counternotice containing the following information to info@reimbursementcodes.com:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in Washington, D.C., and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counternotice is received by RJHS, RJHS may send a copy of the counternotice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the counternotice, at RJHS’s sole discretion.
Advertisements and Links to Other Sites
The Site may contain links and pointers to other websites and resources which may be maintained or provided by third parties; these links are provided for your convenience only. RJHS does not have any control over the contents of these websites or resources and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of any third party websites linked to this Site is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies for such websites. RJHS does not endorse any product or service advertised on the Site.
Limitation on Liability
YOU HEREBY AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL RJHS, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS LICENSORS, ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF , OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR THE CONTENT, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, OR ANY SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.  THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold RJHS, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities, judgments, awards, settlements, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including legal fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Site, including but not limited to, any use of the Site’s content, services and products other than expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Site. You shall cooperate fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use are governed under the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Termination
In its sole discretion, RJHS reserves the right to temporarily suspend or terminate your access to the Site or any services in whole or in part, without notice, with respect to any breach or threatened breach of any portion of the Terms of Use. If RJHS terminates your access to the Site or any services based on a breach of any portion of this Agreement, RJHS reserves the right to refuse to provide a subscription or any services to you in the future.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by RJHS of any term or condition set out in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of RJHS to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
General
The Terms of Use and License Agreement, if applicable, constitute the entire agreement between you and RJHS with respect to the use of the Site. If you have purchased a license, subscription or otherwise entered into an agreement with us you will also be governed by the terms of that agreement, which shall prevail in the event of a conflict.
The Site is operated by RJHS, which is based in Middletown, Connecticut, in the United States of America. Questions or comments regarding this Site or these Terms of Use should be directed by electronic mail to info@reimbursementcodes.com or via U.S. mail to RJ Health Systems International, LLC, 237 Main St, 1st Floor,  Middletown, CT 06457.
Request a Meeting
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Website Accessiblity
?
Free Trial
Features
Key Features
Data Modules
About
Blog
Contact
Login
Sign Up