https://www.americhoice.org/privacy-policy/
Click to close search overlay
Search for:
Click to search the site
×
Member Login
Privacy Policy
Login
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. By visiting www.americhoice.org, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the AmeriChoice Federal Credit Union website. On some pages, you can make requests and open new accounts. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
NameAddressE-mail addressPhone number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that request or open the account. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products, current promotions, or the AmeriChoice newsletter.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Cookie Usage
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 717-697-3474 or send us an email at generalinfo@americhoice.org.