http://www.dentalpower.com/privacy
X
Locations
About
Jobs
For Employers
COVID-19
Blog
Create Account
Sign In
Privacy Policy
Dental Power International, Inc. ("Dental Power") has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate in writing our company's firm commitment to protecting our users' privacy. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for our website: www.DentalPower.com.
Candidate or Applicant (Dental Professional) Submissions
Our website's Professional Profile submission form requires applicants to give us resume and contact information (including their e-mail address) as well as information regarding their requisite job criteria, e.g., position type, position title, etc. Subject to limitations defined by the applicant, such information is used by Dental Power to find qualified job applicants for our dental practice clients. Because of the unique Dental Power recruiting system that recognizes the importance of confidentiality in the recruitment and hiring process, job applicant information is never made freely available to non-qualified dental practice clients. In addition, job applicants may choose which dental practices receive their resume information.
Absolutely NO information about candidates/applicants is publicly posted or made freely available on DentalPower.com.
Dental Power will not use information posted on this website in violation of the terms provided herein. In addition, Dental Power will never sell, market or provide your personal information to any company that is not interested in you for employment reasons. Your email and resume information are securely kept and are inaccessible by unauthorized personnel.
Client (Dental Practice) Submissions
Our website's Practice Profile submission form requires clients to give us certain practice and contact information (including their e-mail address). Subject to limitations defined by the client, such information is used by Dental Power to evaluate which dental professionals are qualified and appropriate job applicants for our dental practice clients. Because of the unique Dental Power recruiting system that recognizes the importance of confidentiality in the recruitment and hiring process, client contact information and identity is only provided to qualified job applicants scheduled to interview or go on assignment with the client.
Absolutely NO information on practices (other than available job profiles) is publicly posted or made freely available on DentalPower.com. Job profiles that are publicly posted DO NOT contain any information that reveals the identity of the practice for whom the job is posted for.
Dental Power will not use information posted on this website in violation of the terms provided herein. In addition, Dental Power will never sell, market or provide your practice's information to any company that is not assisting Dental Power in servicing your job hiring needs. Your email and other contact information are securely kept and are inaccessible by unauthorized personnel.
Security
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All applicant and client information is protected against unauthorized access through a password/log-in system.
Applicants / Candidates
Only Dental Power authorized placement staff, administration,  management, as well as clients for whom you have accepted work or a job candidacy can gain access to your account information, by supplying the correct username and password to the protected DentalPower.com administrative section of the website.
Client
The only way to gain access to your account is by either supplying the correct username and password, which you may alter, or by a Dental Power authorized placement staff, administrator, or manager supplying the correct username and password to the protected DentalPower.com administrative section of the website.
Changes/Modifications
This website gives users the ability to change or modify the information previously provided. Clients can edit their practice profile and job postings by entering their username and password to access the Practice Dashboard section of the website. If a client wishes to have one of their posted jobs removed, they can send a request using our Contact Us form, to the Corporate Office.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Dental Power International, Inc.
205 Lloyd Street, Suite 101
Carrboro, North Carolina 27510
919-932-6300
Contact Us