http://www.chaucerplc.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
HomePrivacy & Cookie PolicyPrivacy & Cookie Policy
This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
Policy Holders and Claimants We are committed to collecting and using personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Wherever we collect or use this data, we will make sure we do this for a valid legal reason. This will be for at least one of the following purposes:to arrange, underwrite or manage our products, including the handling of claimsto meet responsibilities we have to our regulators, tax officials, law enforcement, or otherwise meet our legal responsibilitiesWe can only collect and use sensitive personal data in limited circumstances such as: where we have obtained your explicit consent,where we need this data to arrange, underwrite or manage our products or to handle claims,where we have another legal basis for doing so. We collect and use your relevant personal data in order to provide you with your insurance cover or the insurance cover that benefits you. In order to arrange insurance cover and handle any insurance claims, Chaucer and other participants in the insurance industry are required to use and share Personal Data. This data includes details such as your name, address and contact details and any other data that we collect about you in connection with the insurance cover from which you benefit. This data may include more sensitive details such as data about your health and any criminal convictions you may have. Personal data may be collected directly from the insured or from another insurance market participant. During the insurance lifecycle, Chaucer may receive Personal Data relating to potential or actual policyholders, beneficiaries under a policy, their family members, claimants and other parties involved in a claim. Therefore references to “individuals” in this notice include any living person from the preceding list, whose Personal Data Chaucer receives in connection with the services it provides under its engagements with its clients. This notice sets out Chaucer's uses of this Personal Data and the disclosures it makes to other insurance market participants and other third parties. For an overview of how and why the insurance industry is required to use and share Personal Data please see the Insurance Market Core Uses Data Notice hosted on the website of a UK insurance industry association, the London Market Group (the LMA Notice). Chaucer’s use of Personal Data is consistent with the LMA Notice. How will we use the data about you? Chaucer respects your privacy and will not sell, rent or loan any Personal Data collected and will only use your Personal Data in ways to which you have consented. Any data that you give Chaucer will be treated with the utmost care and security and will remain completely confidential.
In order to arrange, underwrite or manage your insurance cover, or handle claims, your Personal Data may be passed to or from  selected/relevant third parties and, where we are lawfully requested to do so, regulatory authorities. Such third parties, (including, for example, brokers, reinsurers, service providers, and fraud detection agencies)may  have access to your  Personal Data in order  to perform the relevant service. They may not, however, use your Personal Data for any other purposes and are required to process your Personal Data in accordance with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulations. Protecting Information Outside the UK and EEA Some of the organisations we share information with may be located outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). We will always take steps to ensure that any transfer of information outside the EEA is carefully managed to protect your privacy rights:where we transfer your data to non-Chaucer Group members or other companies providing us with a service, we will obtain contractual commitments and assurances from them to protect your Personal Data. Some of these assurances are well recognised certification schemes such as standard contractual clauses and the EU - U.S. Privacy Shield for the protection of personal information transferred from within the EU to the United States of Americawe will only transfer your Personal Data to countries which are recognised as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangements are in place to protect your privacy rights. Access to your data and correction You have the right to request a copy of the data that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Data, please email or write to us at the address provided below. We want to make sure that your Personal Data is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. Under certain conditions, individuals have the right to request Chaucer to:provide further details on how we use and process their Personal Data;provide a copy of the Personal Data we maintain about the individual;update any inaccuracies in the Personal Data we hold;delete Personal Data that we no longer have a legal ground to process; andrestrict how we process the Personal Data while we consider the individual’s enquiry. In addition, under certain conditions, individuals have the right to:where processing is based on consent, withdraw the consent;object to any processing of Personal Data that Chaucer justifies on the “legitimate interests” legal grounds, unless our reasons for undertaking that processing outweigh any prejudice to the individual’s privacy rights; andobject to direct marketing (including any profiling for such purposes) at any time.These rights are subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g., the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the maintenance of legal privilege). We will respond to most requests within 30 days. If we are unable to resolve an enquiry or a complaint, individuals have the right to contact the UK data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office. Retention Chaucer will only keep your Personal Data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose for which it was originally collected. In particular, for so long as there is any possibility that either you or we may wish to bring a legal claim under this insurance, or where we are required to keep your Personal Data due to legal or regulatory reasons
Job Applicants
This Privacy Statement covers any Job Application Data you submit to Chaucer, such as:
Name, address, email address, telephone number, or other contact information;Information contained in your CV or cover letter, such as previous work experience, education, or other information you provide for our consideration;Type of employment sought, desired salary, willingness to relocate, or other job preferences, andNames and contact information for referencesIt is your responsibility to obtain consent from references before providing their personal information to us.
For the avoidance of doubt, Chaucer does not wish to receive any confidential or proprietary information which you may have received from your previous employers.
Who will access this data?Only select employees of Chaucer - such as your potential future manager(s), employees of the Human Resources Department, IT (for maintenance purposes only) - and select employees of our external service providers who support Chaucer with the administration of recruitment applications, have access to your Job Application Data.
Chaucer will not supply any data to any third party other than those identified above without your express authorization.
Your choiceProviding your Job Application Data is voluntary. However, if you choose not to provide all of the data that is requested for your application, our ability to consider you as a candidate may be limited.
For what purposes will Job Application Data be used?The Job Application Data you provide will be used to assess your application for employment at Chaucer (or any affiliated Chaucer entity), to verify your information and conduct reference checks and to communicate with you.
If you accept employment with Chaucer (or an affiliated Chaucer entity), the data collected will become part of your employment record and will be used for employment purposes.
If your application is unsuccessful or you do not accept employment with Chaucer, the data collected will be retained for six months and then destroyed.
Your ConsentBy submitting your Job Application Data you are granting your consent to the processing of that data (including to the transfer of your Job Application Data to other affiliated Chaucer entities) in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Website Visitors What data do we collect about you?
Chaucer will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided by them. However, we may collect and process data relating to details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access. We may also collect information about your computer, including where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of data that a Website transfers to your internet browsing device to store and sometimes track data about you. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Website if you do so. Cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot legally be accessed by other servers, which means they cannot be used to track your movements around the web. We use cookies to estimate our audience size and patterns; control how often visitors see similar items; and track preferences and to improve and update our Website. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser.
Your Acceptance Of These Terms
By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Chaucer and to this privacy policy. If we change our privacy policy in any way, we will post these changes on this page.
Data Protection
In addition to Chaucer’s safeguards, your Personal Data is protected under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulations which came into force in May 2018. They provide, among other things, that the Personal Data Chaucer holds about you should be processed lawfully and fairly. It should be accurate, relevant and not excessive. The Data should be kept up to date, where necessary, and not retained for longer than is necessary. It should be kept securely to prevent unauthorised access by other people. You have the right to see what is held about you and to correct any inaccuracies by contacting us.
Security
Chaucer places great importance on the security of all personally identifiable data associated with our customers. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of customer data under our control. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we use our best efforts to prevent this.
Other websites This Website contains links to other Websites and you may have linked to this Website from another Website. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such Websites. Other associated Websites to Chaucer may contain a privacy policy that is different from this privacy policy. This privacy policy relates to this Website only. When visiting other associated Websites please make sure that you read their privacy policies so that you can understand what Personal Data will be collected through or in relation to that Website and for what purposes
Changes to our Privacy Policy We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 25 May 2018.
More Information For more information on how the insurance industry processes Personal Data, including information on how to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office, please see the Insurance Market Core Uses Information Notice hosted on the website of a UK insurance industry association, the London Market Group (the LMA Notice).
How to Contact Us Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or data we hold about you: by email: DataProtectionOfficer@chaucerplc.com  or write to us at The Data Protection Officer, Chaucer Syndicates Limited, 30 Fenchurch Street, London EC3M 3AD
Terms of useComplaintsPrivacy & Cookie PolicyAccessibilityModern Slavery ActSitemap
You are currently offline. Some pages or content may fail to load.