http://www.stateside.com.au/legal/
Stateside Promotional Merchandise
» Legal
Creative, cost-effective promotional merchandise.
Call us toll-free:
1300 887 442
Home
Products
Catalogues
Quick Links
Apparel
Awards
Bags & Travel
Drinkware
Headwear
Office & Desk
Outdoor & Sports
Novelties
Tradeshow
Watches & Clocks
Worksite & Safety
Our Favourite Brands
Custom
News
About
Contact
Home Legal
Legal
Terms & ConditionsOrder Placement and Cancellation: All orders must be confirmed in writing. When you place an order with Stateside Distributors Pty Ltd (Stateside), you are entering into a contract between you as a single entity, the company or organization you represent and Stateside. By placing your order you agree to be bound by our Trading Terms. Purchase orders must have an order number clearly shown. Verbal orders or instructions will not be accepted. If an order has been confirmed for the job to proceed, cancellation fees may apply depending on the status of the job.Order Quantities and Fulfilment: Minimum order quantities (MOQ) may apply for various products. Orders for less than the MOQ may be possible subject to a surcharge. Delivery of 2% above or below the quantity ordered is acceptable fulfilment and billed accordingly.Express Order Service and Deliveries: Express order service may be available subject to a surcharge. This surcharge will vary depending on the quantity, type of product and job and other variances that may apply. Additional charges will apply to express deliveries. Please ensure that you’re available for contact for express job approvals. If we’re not able to contact you or do not get a timely response via email, we will not be responsible for not meeting your dateline.Samples: We provide samples on request. Samples are calculated at the first column rate plus postage. New customers must pay for samples prior to dispatch. Account customers will be invoiced. We will refund the cost of the sample cost if and order is placed and the sample is returned in it’s original condition and packaging within 7 days. Freight on all samples is non-refundable. Items not ordered are non-returnable for credit.Artwork and Decoration: We prefer vector EPS, PDS or Adobe Illustrator AI files. Images need to be embedded or supplied as separate files. If artwork is not supplied in the correct format, artwork charges may be billed at $75 + GST per hour. However, minor changes may not be charged and we will always supply you a quote before proceeding. Please email artwork to us if it’s less than 10MB. If it’s over 10MB, please contact us. Once your order is placed our Graphic Designers will prepare draft artwork for your approval. You are responsible for ensuring the artwork is error free. Approval of your design job will only be accepted when you approve the artwork in writing via email or fax. Stateside will not be held responsible for any errors found on your decorated products after you have approved and your products have been decorated. All artwork prepared by Stateside remains copyright of Stateside. To gain copyright of artwork material, please put forward your request to your client manager who will give you a quote. It is not always possible to match the PMS colours exactly, as branding processes and techniques differ, and product materials differ from product to product. To enable us to match print colours as closely as possible, please inform us of your PMS colours.Payment Terms and Processing: For new accounts a 50% deposit is required when you place your order. The 50% balance is payable prior to despatch of your goods. After 3 orders you can fill out a credit application form and apply for a 30 day account. Government or school bodies that produce a purchase order will be given 30 days net from invoice. All credit accounts must be maintained on a 30 day net basis. Failure to do so will result in your account being placed on hold and all future orders on payment prior to despatch. Items sourced overseas require full payment upon approval of sample and placement of order to cover the required letters of credit. Production will only begin when the required payment is made. We accept MasterCard, VISA and American Express credit cards, direct deposit and cheques. A 3% surcharge will apply to all credit card payments. Ownership and title of goods remains with Stateside until payment has been made in full into our account and funds have cleared. Non-payment of goods and services that we supply will be actively pursued. Legal fees, debt collection fees and all our costs spent on this recovery will be sought. Interest of 1.5% per month, calculated daily will apply. Stateside listed prices exclude GST. We always aim to list products with the most competitive prices. We reserve the right to change prices for products displayed at any time, without prior notice.Delivery: Unless you provide your own carrier and account details, all orders will be shipped using our account and billed with your order. We make best efforts to ship your products to you in the most economical way possible to meet your need by date and allow for production processes. If your order is for a specific event, please let us know your deadline at the time of order confirmation.Damage and Loss: Stateside will not be held responsible for goods lost or delayed by common carrier, international or Australian Customs departments or by ‘acts of God’. All risk of damage or loss is transferred to you upon dispatch of your goods. Stateside undertakes to provide adequate packaging and will always endeavour to use a reliable delivery service but is not responsible for any damage to or loss of your products in transit, nor does Stateside insure against loss or damage of your purchase in transit. Insurance is available at a rate of 2% of value of order. If insurance is waived, shipment is at your risk.Guarantees, Refunds and Replacements: Products may be returned if there is a fault in the product and the customer needs to let Stateside know of any error made by us when the goods are first inspected by the customer within 24 hours of delivery. Our policy is to maintain 100% customer satisfaction. Therefore, we will promptly address any product failure issues. If the item is not tested or examined by the customer within the first 24 hours after the delivery and we are not notified of a the faulty product in writing via email or fax, the return policy will not be granted to the customer. No further exceptions will be considered about the time issue. The 24 hour period starts from the item is stated as delivered by our courier. The customer will be responsible for return shipping and insurance costs. A replacement for the same product that you ordered will be shipped to you at our expense after we have received your returned faulty product. Stateside reserves the right to test any returned product. If the customer misrepresented the condition of the product to us, Stateside will impose a $75 handling and administration fee.Warranties: Stateside is a reseller and distributor of promotional products. Products sold by Stateside are not manufactured by Stateside. The products may, however, be covered by each manufacturer’s warranty, service and support policy. Stateside assigns and passes through to the Customer any warranty of the manufacturer, and Customer acknowledges that it shall have recourse only under such warranties and only as against the manufacturer of the products.Incorrect Listings: Any website errors in listing of the product name, description, or pricing of any item displayed on this website is subject to database listings and if listed incorrectly due to human error or software error, will be changed as soon as possible to be corrected. If a purchase is made of an Item and it has an incorrect product name, description, or pricing, then we will notify you immediately upon receiving the Order of the incorrect listing. We are not obliged to sell an item listed with incorrect details in any manner and is part of the our Ordering Policy that when making a purchase any item can be withdrawn from sale due to being out of stock or incorrectly listed.Limited Liability: These Terms and Conditions set out the full extent of our obligations and liabilities in respect of the supply of products by Stateside and there are no warranties, conditions or other terms that are binding on us except as expressly stated in these Terms and Conditions. Any warranty, condition or other term concerning our products which might otherwise be implied into or incorporated in these Terms and Conditions by statute, common law or otherwise (including without limitation any implied term as to quality or fitness for purpose) is hereby expressly excluded. We will not be liable for any loss of income, loss of profits, loss of contracts, loss of data or for any indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise. Our maximum aggregate liability for any product supplied to you whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise shall in no circumstances exceed the amount payable by you to us in respect of the product(s) in question. You shall not assign any rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions whether in whole or in part without the prior written consent of Stateside. Any unauthorized assignment shall be deemed null and void. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity of the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions and the remainder of the provisions in question shall not be affected thereby. These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Queensland and shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Queensland.Copyright: The content contained in this website is Stateside copyright property under the terms under the Copyright Act 1968 and other applicable legislations. The design, concept and other elements of this website may not be replicated in whole or in part without the prior expressed written consent of Stateside. Trade names, trademarks, slogans and / or designs depicted in this website are proprietary marks of their respective owners and cannot be adapted, reproduced, copied, stored, distributed, transmitted, printed, displayed, sublicensed, performed, published in whole or in part without the owner’s prior knowledge and expressed written consent.PrivacyStateside Distributors Pty Ltd (“Stateside”) understands the importance of privacy to you. We have developed and adopted this privacy policy to comply Information Privacy Principles under the Privacy Act 1988.Collection of Information: We collect information about you and/or your organisation in order to process or handle your request for service from us. We gather this information directly from you and from publicly available sources. The types of information we collect are: your name, e-mail address, your organisation’s name, address, e-mail addresses, phone and fax numbers, bank account and credit card details for the payment of accountsUse and Disclosure of Your Information: We use your information to:complete and deliver your order, forward statements of account and other financial communications, process payments for your account and advise you of marketing news, campaigns or other marketing related activities. We do not sell, transfer or otherwise deal in the trade of information. We may disclose your personal information to third parties, for example to our contractors to whom we contract out certain services, for example – couriers, for the purpose of delivering your order. No sensitive information is passed to any third party. We do not disclose your information to any other parties unless: required by law (e.g. the Australian Taxation Office has the power to order us to disclose information), authorised by a law enforcement agency or you have consented to our disclosing the information about you.Trademarks: The trademarks, logos and service marks (“Marks”) displayed on this web-site are the property of Stateside or other third parties. Users are not permitted to use these Marks without the prior written consent of Stateside or such third party which may own the Mark.Access to Information: We aim to keep our records accurate at all times. If you believe any of the information about you is incorrect, please contact us to have it corrected. Our staff will assist without delay. You can request details of any information we hold about you. We will provide the information to you in as timely a manner as possible. If we deny your request for access, we will advise you why.Security of Information: We are committed to keeping all information secure. We have taken reasonable steps to secure our computer systems, and any information about you. In our organisation, information is only available to staff who require it. Steps have been taken to prevent unauthorised access.Web Privacy: Our web-site is structured to ONLY allow access to certain areas to direct customers of Stateside that have been issued with account log-in details by a staff member of Stateside. Access to and use of password protected and secure areas of the web-site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the web-site may be subject to prosecution.Cookies: A “cookie” is a packet of information that allows our web-site to identify and interact more effectively with our existing customers. When you access our web-site, our system may send your web browser a “semi-permanent cookie” that gives you a unique identification number and security token. Our cookie enables us to keep track of the pages you have accessed while visiting our web-site. It also allows you to page back and forward through our web-site and return to pages you have already visited without having to bother about logging on to our home page again. Please refer to your internet browser’s instructions or help screen to learn more about cookie functions. We use industry standard methods to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorised access. Among other techniques, we usually store such information on a computer behind a “firewall” in a secure location, and we restrict the number of employees internally who can access such data. Our web-site may have links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or any other aspects of any of these sites.Complaints: To ensure that your privacy is protected, we have established a complaints procedure, whereby an individual whose personal information we hold can refer their concerns or enquiries to an authorised officer among our team, and have their issue handled confidentially. Please contact us on 07 3393 1177. If you are not satisfied that your complaint has been adequately handled by us, you may refer the matter to Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Message *
© 2013 Stateside Distributors Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home
Legal
About
Contact