https://www.ezbis.com/terms/
EZBIS.com Terms of Service
Last Updated: December 2017
Welcome to the EZBIS.com website. EZBIS.com is a service offered by EZBIS, Inc. (“EZBIS“). EZBIS provides this website (“Website“) to you for your convenience and in order to provide you the ability to access certain company and product related information and services.
Your access to this Website is subject to your agreement with these Terms of Service (“Terms”) (including our Privacy Policy). These Terms together with our Privacy Policy constitute the agreement between you and EZBIS regarding use of this Website (“Agreement“).
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ALL OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE BELOW. PLEASE PRINT A COPY OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE FOR YOUR REFERENCE.
Modifications to this Agreement
You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time at this page.
EZBIS reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Website Content and Access
EZBIS reserves the right without prior notice to discontinue any services or content available on this Website, or otherwise change specifications at any time without incurring any obligations to you or any other party.
Privacy Policy
Access to this Website may be monitored from time to time by EZBIS. Your use of this Website constitutes your consent to such monitoring and data collection as set forth in our Privacy Policy.
Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following
publishing any Website material in any other media;
selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and EZBIS, Inc. may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well. Minors or people below 18 years old are not allowed to use this Website.
Third-Party Websites
This Website may contain links to, or be accessed through links on, websites managed and operated by or on behalf of third parties (including your health care provider) or other third party entities. These third parties are separate and independent entities and are not agents of EZBIS. EZBIS does not have control over such third party websites or the content of such websites. As a result, EZBIS does not have responsibility for the information, misinformation, errors, availability, operation or performance of any such third party website to which this Website may link or from which this Website may be accessed.
Warranty Disclaimer
This Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and EZBIS, Inc. express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website. Also, nothing contained on this Website shall be interpreted as advising you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall EZBIS, Inc., nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract.  EZBIS, Inc., including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent EZBIS, Inc. from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Assignment
The EZBIS, Inc. is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between EZBIS, Inc. and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.
Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Louisiana, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Louisiana for the resolution of any disputes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Terms of Service, please contact us at:
EZBIS, Inc. 125 Rue Beauregard Lafayette, LA 70508 Tel: (800) 445-7816 Email: info@ezbis.com
Go to mobile version