http://www.taikan.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
About Us
Mission Statement
Code of Conduct
Our Partners
Products
Product Guide
Cable - Network
Cable - Premise
Fiber - HFC
Fiber - PON
Satellite
Services
FAQ
Customer Service
Client Portal
Government Services
OEM/ODM
Supply Chain Management
Online Store
Search
Log In
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyPersonal Information Collection and UseTaikan Company Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains our privacy practices for our site www.Taikan.com (the "Site") on the World Wide Web. You can travel through most of our site without giving us any information about yourself. But sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request. The following statement explains our information-gathering and dissemination practices. Please read the complete privacy statement. Taikan lets you visit the Site without revealing any personal information about yourself. We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies (personal information) you. Taikan requests personal information from our users at one point on our Web site. If you choose to provide Personally Identifiable Information, and give us permission, only then we will use this information to send you communication, including informative emails/newsletters about product upgrades, services; and to provide you special offers that may be of interest to you. Taikan is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. By using this site or any services provided through the site, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Statement.What Information We Gather/TrackTaikan collects personal information that can be divided into the following categories: Technical Support: If you request technical support online, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction such as your name, email address and information about your company. You make the decision whether to proceed with any activity that requests personal information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, however, you may not be able to complete the online form. Taikan will only disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties if acting under good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to legal requirements; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Taikan; or (3) enforce the Taikan Terms of Service.Cookies"Cookies" are small pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer on behalf of a Web site that you have visited. The Taikan Site does not use cookies.EmailWith your permission, Taikan will send you communication, including informative emails/newsletters about product upgrades, and services. This communication is to provide you special offers that may be of interest to you, and may include paid advertisements from third parties. Users who no longer wish to continue receiving our communication, including informative emails/newsletters about product upgrades, services; to provide you special offers that may be of interest to you and may include paid advertisements from third parties, may opt-out of receiving these communications in the following ways:By replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in each email,By sending email to us at support@taikan.comBy Postal Mail:Attn: UnsubscribeTaikan Inc.919 E. 29th StreetLawrence, KS 66046 U.S.A.SurveysFrom time-to-time Taikan requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested in the surveys is broad demographic information (such as zip code, age level) for aggregate use and does not identify the user. No cookies are used. Survey information is not sold, shared, or rented to any third party, and is used internally solely by Taikan for purposes of improving the use and satisfaction of this site.Security of your Personal InformationAll information gathered on the Taikan.com site is stored and maintained in secure facilities. In addition, internal security provides that this information is coded with restricted access, and our servers are kept in a secure environment that limits access to authorized personnel only. All Taikan employees are briefed about the company's privacy and security policies on a regular basis. The Taikan.com Web site is regularly tested for security breaches to ensure that all information collected is secure from unauthorized viewing.Correction/Updating Personal InformationAt your request, Taikan will change or delete your information and not use it for further contact with you. To request that your information be changed or deleted and not used for further contact with you, please use one of the following optionsBy replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in each email,By sending email to us at support@taikan.comBy Postal Mail: Attn: UnsubscribeTaikan Inc.919 E. 29th StreetLawrence, KS 66046 U.S.A.Choice/Opt-out Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. Users who no longer wish to continue receiving our communication, including informative emails/newsletters about product upgrades, services, special offers that may be of interest to you, and paid advertisements from third parties, may opt-out of receiving these communications in the following ways:By replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in each email,By sending email to us at support@taikan.comBy Postal Mail:Attn: UnsubscribeTaikan Inc.919 E. 29th StreetLawrence, KS 66046 U.S.A.Acceptance of this Privacy Policy By using the Site or any services provided through the Site, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy.Notification of ChangesIf we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Member Login
Welcome, (First Name)!
Forgot?
Show
Stay Logged In
Log In
Enter Member Area
(Message automatically replaces this text)
OK
My Profile
Not a member? Sign up.
Log Out