http://www.tessenderlo.com/en/privacy-policy
Turn on more accessible mode
Turn off more accessible mode
Page Content FullwidthPRIVACY POLICY & NOTICEProtecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to Tessenderlo Group nv (Troonstraat 130 rue du Trône - 1050 Brussels - Belgium) and its affiliates (hereafter jointly “Tessenderlo Group”) and to the way we conduct our business in compliance with laws on privacy, data protection and data security. Please read our Privacy Policy & Notice carefully so that you can understand how we use the personal data we collect and/or that you provide to us (1) when applying for a job, (2) in business dealings with Tessenderlo Group and/or (3) when visiting this website.
I. Job applicantsClick here for more information about how Tessenderlo Group processes the personal data of job applicants.
II. Business dealingsClick here for more information about how Tessenderlo Group processes personal data of its (potential) customers, suppliers, subcontractors, … III. Website visitors Click here for more information about how Tessenderlo Group processes personal data when you visit our website. IV. GeneralTessenderlo Group maintains reasonable technical and organizational security measures to safeguard your personal data from loss, interference, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Tessenderlo Group also maintains reasonable measures and procedures to ensure that such data is reliable for its intended purpose and is accurate, complete and current. Subject to the applicable data protection laws, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (‘GDPR’) (if applicable), you have at any time the right to contact Tessenderlo Group if you want to: access, rectify or erase your personal data;restrict or object to the processing and transfer of your personal data; orwithdraw your consent (if applicable), which withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. In addition, you can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, if you feel that Tessenderlo Group has not acted in line with data protection legislation. Your contact at Tessenderlo Group for any further information about these rights our this Privacy Policy & Notice is privacy@tessenderlo.com
For more information about the content of our website, you can contact the webmaster, groupcommunication@tessenderlo.com or write to Tessenderlo Group - FAO Group Communication- Troonstraat 130 rue du Trône - 1050 Brussels - Belgium. The provisions of this Privacy Policy & Notice may be updated from time to time.
Page Content
Page Content Additional