https://www.buechelstone.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April, 2017
Buechel Stone Corp. (“Buechel”) respects the privacy of every individual who visits this Web site, provides personal information to us via interactive features of this Web site, or sends e-mails to us via this Web site. This privacy policy outlines the information Buechel will collect via this Web site and how Buechel will use that information. This privacy statement does not cover our use of information collected through any other means.
Collection and Use of Personally Identifiable Information
Personal Identifiable Information we Collect
The information Buechel obtains from you is generally used for Buechel to provide the services or information you have requested, and is provided directly by you. In connection with the services Buechel provides, Buechel may ask you to provide your name, physical address, ZIP code, phone number, e-mail address, and services received or requested. Your submission of such information online is deemed your consent to Buechel’s use of the information as contemplated in this privacy policy.
How We Use the Information
Generally, Buechel uses the information, and other information we may have about you, to provide the services or information you have requested, to personalize your experience on this Web site, to provide customer support, and to improve our marketing and promotional efforts.
Buechel may also use the information to notify you about new services or offers we have available, or news about Buechel.
When We Share the Information
Buechel does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
Buechel occasionally hires other companies to provide services on its behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. They are contractually required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Buechel may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with applicable law or comply with legal process served on Buechel or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Buechel; (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our services or members of the public, (d) to respond to legal requests, or (e) in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of our assets to which this Web site relates.
Other Information We Collect
Some information may automatically be collected as you browse our site. Our Web server automatically collects information such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, the average time spent on our site, pages viewed, information searched for, access times, and other relevant statistics.
We also use cookies on our site. A cookie is a small data file that Web sites commonly write to the site visitor’s hard drive when a site is visited. A cookie file contains information that can identify a return visitor each time he or she visits our site. The data is encrypted for added security. This Web site may use cookies as a way to measure activity and traffic patterns on the site in order to continually improve the visitor’s experience. A browser can be set to warn the users before accepting cookies. Users can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in the browser. Users do not need to have cookies turned on to visit our Web site.
Your Choices
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you on this site without your knowledge, and all such information is collected directly from you. You are not required to provide us with this information, but if you choose not to, you may not be able to participate in some of the activities on this site.
We use the information we collect from you to allow you to participate in the site activities for which the information is collected. For example, when you give us your e-mail address in order to receive newsletters, product information, and special promotions, your e-mail address will be added to our marketing database. Buechel will only send e-mails upon request. Buechel will not send commercial solicitations via e-mail to customers who request it not be sent to them. On each e-mail you receive, you are given the opportunity to unsubscribe. Once you unsubscribe, you will no longer receive such e-mails.
Access and Review
If you have questions regarding information that we have collected via this Web site, or wish to change or delete such information from our active databases, please contact us at info@Buecheldatacenters.com.
Security
Buechel has databases and systems that are maintained in accordance with industry standards to reasonably secure all of Buechel’s commercial information, including information about customers. However, you should be aware that absolute security does not exist on the Internet, and that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Changes to Policy
If Buechel decides to change its privacy policies and practices, we will post those changes to our Privacy Policy on our Web site in advance of the changes taking effect, so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner from that point forward. We will continue to be able to use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected or, if you have given consent, under the modified Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write or us at the following address:
Buechel Stone Corp.
W3639 County Highway H
Chilton, WI 53014-9643
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about our privacy policy and how we’re using cookies
here.Accept