http://www.cigarworld.com/privacy-policy
feed-icon
Feed
Cigar Icon
Cigars
Groups Icon
Groups
News Icon
News
Education Icon
Education
Events Icon
Events
Promotions Icon
Promotions
Location Icon
Store Locator
Contact Icon
Contact
Login Icon
Login
PRIVACY POLICYLast Updated On November 12, 2019At CigarWorld.com and General Cigar Co., Inc., we strive every day to build trust with our users. The privacy rights of our users are an integral part of building that trust. This policy explains how we collect and use your personal information to better serve you. Although the majority of CigarWorld.com participants are residents of the United States, our site is open to visitors from around the world. Depending on where you reside, privacy rights may vary. For example, due to European Union restrictions imposed by GDPR, residents of the EU who use the site may notice that certain features are not available because behavioral cookies have been removed. We make reasonable efforts to honor requests regarding your personal information, even if your country or state does not require us to do so. Please contact us to exercise one or more of your rights.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT Personal information we collect may include: Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number
Demographic information, such as age
Information about your interests and preferences
Device identifiers and related information including internet protocol (IP) addresses, MAC addresses, browser and settings information, and information about how you interact with our website
Information collected through cookies
Information that may be accessible to us when you interact with us on social media sites, such as Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat. Such information may include photos, lists of social media contacts, and similar information
If you disclose any personal information relating to other people to us or our service providers, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this policy. AGE 21 AND OLDER   This site is for adults only. We do not knowingly collect personal information directly from persons under the age of 21. Likewise, we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. Visit the Federal Trade Commission website (www.ftc.gov) for more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE When you communicate with us about a customer service issue, or to make other inquiries, we collect the content of those communications as well as any additional information about the method of communication such as phone, SMS, email, chat, or social media platforms. For example, if you email us, we will collect your email address, if you send us a text message, we will collect your phone number, and so on. Any such communication will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. HOW TO CONTROL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou have the right to make requests regarding your personal information. On the CigarWorld.com registration page, you have the option to subscribe to a General Cigar email list that is used to provide updates, promotions and news from our affiliated web sites. You also may decline the subscription. Of course, you may unsubscribe at any time at the profile update page. In addition, you can: Review the personal information we have about you or request a copy of it
Ask us to update or correct personal information if it is inaccurate
Request that we delete your personal information
Opt-out of sharing your personal information with third parties for some purposes
Object to certain types of uses of your personal information
Make choices about receiving marketing communications
Note, if you ask us to delete or stop using your personal information, we may not be able to honor that request if some or all of the information is required to comply with regulatory requirements.HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USEDWe use the personal information we collect for multiple purposes. By way of example, we may use your personal information to send you marketing communications about products and services, contests, and promotions that we believe would interest you. We also may use personal information to better understand you and your preferences, so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests.We also may use personal information for market research studies, reports and surveys, as well as for general marketing purposes. We also may use personal information to analyze or predict our customer preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our digital content is used, so we can improve our products and services. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our site, and to gather demographic information on site visitors. We also may combine information we collect from you with information we obtain from other sources. This may include your online and in-store purchase transactions and other interactions you have with us and our affiliates or partners.  We may use your personal information to allow you to participate in local community events and promotions. In such situations, there may be additional rules about how we will use and disclose your personal information.Our site may contain links to various third-party web sites such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, or other app developers, social media platforms, operating system providers, wireless or telecommunications service providers, or device manufacturers. The inclusion of a link on our services does not imply an endorsement of the linked sites or services by us or our affiliates. Such information sharing by you is entirely voluntary and we are not responsible for, and this policy does not address, the privacy practices of such third parties.We may aggregate and/or anonymize personal information so that it will no longer be considered personal information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose. For example, we may calculate the percentage of our site users who have a particular telephone area code.Information gathered from polls and surveys, as well as information we create ourselves after we analyze the information collected about you and others, is the sole property of General Cigar Co., Inc. If answers to polls or surveys are posted on the web site, or published in any fashion, it will be anonymized so that no personally identifiable information is included.We often obtain your consent to use your information. But sometimes, obtaining your consent is not needed because we may use your information for our own legitimate interests, to fulfill a contract with you, or to comply with legal obligations imposed on us. For example, when you visit our site, we have a legitimate interest in using your browsing data to improve our site’s usability and, when you engage with us online, we have a legal obligation to ensure that you are not attempting to defraud us, or our customers.Finally, we may be required to use your personal information to comply with applicable law, for auditing purposes, or to respond to requests from government authorities. We may also use your information where we believe it is required to protect the rights, property, safety and security of General Cigar Co., Inc., our employees, customers, and others. We will engage in these activities to comply with a legal obligation or because we have a legitimate interest in doing so. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIESCookies are text files placed on your computer or device that collect data while you browse our site. For example, cookies allow us to recognize you on our site and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include where you reside or what language you prefer. Most sites, including ours, wouldn’t work very well without cookies. Because certain cookies are needed for our site to work, we currently don’t enable you to opt-out of cookies. But you can remove cookies by using your browser settings. Keep in mind that certain features of our site may not be available to you if cookies are removed. Visit the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative to learn more about opting out of cookies used on .com websites.HOW WE STORE AND SECURE YOUR INFORMATIONThe security of your personal information is important to us. We have put in place a number of technical and organizational security measures to help protect you and the personal information we collect about you. Please note that we will never email you asking for account information like your user name, date of birth, credit card information, or other personal information. Finally, we will never email you with attachments that can be opened. If you received a suspicious email that appears to be from us, please contact us. Most if not all the personal information is securely stored in the United States. By providing us with any personal information, you understand that your information may be transferred, processed, or stored outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have a different data protection regime from the country in which you reside. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information.We will retain your personal information for as long as needed to provide services to you (for example, as long as you maintain an online account with us) or as needed to fulfill our own obligations, such as preventing fraud, meeting regulatory requirements, resolving disputes, improving our services or maintaining security, and in each case, as consistent with applicable law. We may retain non-personal information that has been sufficiently aggregated or anonymized for a longer period.HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SHAREDExcept with your consent or as described in this policy, we do not sell, rent of share your personal information with third parties. We may share your personal information with our affiliated companies and brands. We also may share your personal information with certain third parties that provide services to you or us, with promotional partners, with social media companies, or with other third parties as needed to carry out our business, or to comply with a legal obligation. We also may share information about you if necessary or appropriate, in our good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations, or in response to a valid subpoena, order, or government request, or to protect the operations, privacy, safety, property or rights of General Cigar Co., Inc. or others.Service providersWe use third parties to provide certain services to you or us. These services include: operating or hosting the website; managing customer information; fulfilling promotions; sending marketing communications; conducting surveys; analyzing data; or providing network security, accounting, auditing, and other services. These service providers are not authorized to use or disclose personal information you provide to us for any purpose other than to perform the services designated by us.  Public posting and social sharingWhen you post public comments on our site or on public forums like social media sites, your comments are accessible by other members of the public.Social media logins and other integrationsWhen you log into your customer account using your social media account credentials, or use other social media services with us, your personal information will be disclosed to the social media account provider in connection with your login. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that this sharing is governed by the social media site’s privacy policy that you used to log into your account.Sensitive InformationUnless we request it, we ask that you not send or disclose to us any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through our services or otherwise.Sale or transfer of CigarWorld.com or General Cigar Co., Inc. In the event of any potential or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), your personal information may be shared with third parties such as the acquiring entity and its advisors.CHANGES TO THIS POLICYWe evaluate this policy periodically in light of changing business practices, technology and legal requirements. We reserve the right to change, add or remove portions of this policy at any time by notifying you of the change in writing (including by email or by updating the date above after “Last Updated On”). Such modifications shall become effective immediately upon notice.CONTACT INFORMATION If you have questions or want more information about our privacy policy or your dealings with this site, please contact us.