http://www.pierrecardin.com/privacy-policy
Pierre Cardin
Pierre Cardin
World
Workshops
Designer
Museum
Contact
Français
Data protection policy
Cookies menu
© 2020 Legal notice
Pierre Cardin
Privacy policy
Menu
Privacy
-
Cookies
-
Legal notices
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy has been updated on May 20, 2020.
1 – Introduction
We respect the concerns of our website users and attach a particular importance to the respect of their private life and that of the legal provisions in force. This privacy policy allows you to better understand the privacy principles we apply and to learn more about the nature and use we make of personal information that you provide to us on our website, the origin and use of browsing information processed during the consultation of our website and finally, on your rights.
We invite you to read it before submitting your personal data.
The data controller is the company Gestion Pierre Cardin
The contact details are as follows:
Postal address: 59, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, 75008 Paris, France
Telephone: +33(0)1.42.66.92.25
Email address: contact@pierrecardin.com
This privacy policy may be updated at any time by us. The date of its most recent version will appear on this page. We invite you to refer to it regularly.
Please note that by using www.pierrecardin.com, you authorize us to collect, record, organize, store, use and / or transfer your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy.
2 – When do we collect your personal data?
We collect your personal data when:
you visit our website;
you contact us;
you ask to organize an haute couture fitting by writing to essayage@pierrecardin.com;
you wish to book tickets for a visit to the Pierre Cardin Museum by writing to musee@pierrecardin.com;
3 – What personal data do we collect?
We consider that all information that identifies you directly or indirectly is « personal data ». We are mainly likely to collect the following personal data:
technical data, including your IP address or navigation information about your device.
technical data, including your IP address or navigation information about your device.
4 – Why are your personal data collected?
We collect your personal data for some or all of the following main purposes:
Website administration and improvement of the quality of the service. These treatments are necessary for the purposes of the above-mentioned legitimate interest;
Management of your requests. This treatment is subject to your consent and / or necessary for the purposes of the above legitimate interests;
Management of the registration for an haute couture fitting, from the reservation of tickets to the visit of the Pierre Cardin museum. This processing is carried out subject to your consent.
5 – With whom do we share your personal data?
We do not sell, rent, or transfer your personal data to other companies for business purposes.
The personal data that we collect is intended for the company Gestion Pierre Cardin and may be communicated to partner companies, in particular to allow the processing of the purposes presented above, and the management of marketing operations organized by the company Gestion Pierre Cardin.
Your personal data are intended for the services of the company Gestion Pierre Cardin concerned by your requests.
They can also be passed on to service providers chosen for their expertise and reliability who act on our behalf and according to our instructions (IT subcontractor, recruitment firm, etc.). We authorize these service providers to use your personal data only to the extent necessary to provide services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements and we strive to ensure that your personal data is protected at all times.
The company Maxim’s de Paris has assured each of its service providers of their commitment with regard to the GDPR.
In any case, the company Gestion Pierre Cardin only transmits your personal data to a third party when:
• You have given us your prior consent for the sharing of this information, or
• The company Gestion Pierre Cardin must share this information with third parties to provide you with the service you request, or
• The company Gestion Pierre Cardin is summoned by a judicial authority or any other administrative authority to communicate the information.
6 – How do we protect your personal data?
The company Gestion Pierre Cardin implements appropriate technical and organizational measures, in view of the nature of the data and the risks that their treatment entails, to preserve the security and confidentiality of your personal data and, in particular, to prevent they are distorted, damaged, or unauthorized third parties have access.
Such measures may include, but are not limited to, limited access to data by authorized service personnel because of their duties, contractual safeguards when using an external service provider, private life impact studies, regular reviews of our practices and policies of respect for privacy and / or physical and / or logical security measures (secure access, authentication process, backup copies, antivirus software, firewalls, etc.).
7 – How long is your personal data kept?
Your personal data are kept for a period that does not exceed the duration necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy or in accordance with the applicable law and emails sent to the company Gestion Pierre Cardin are not kept beyond three months.
8 – What are your rights regarding your personal data and how to contact us?
You have the right at any time to exercise the rights provided by Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin in accordance with the applicable regulations in force on personal data, subject to fulfilling the conditions:
• Right of access: you can have communication of your Personal Data being processed by the Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin;
• Right of rectification: you can update your Personal Data or have your Personal Data processed by Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin rectified;
• Right of opposition, in particular to receive commercial communications: you can express your wish to no longer receive commercial communications from Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin or request that your Personal Data no longer be processed ;
• Right to erasure: you can request the deletion of your Personal Data;
• Right to limitation: you can request the suspension of the processing of your Personal Data;
• Right to portability: you can ask Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin to recover your Personal Data in order to dispose of it.
All requests must be accompanied by proof of identity. Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin undertakes to respond to your requests to exercise your rights as soon as possible and in any event within the legal deadlines.
Your request must be sent by e-mail to Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin Customer Service at contact@pierrecardin.com or by sending a postal letter to:
Société de Gestion Pierre Cardin
59, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré
75008 Paris, France
However, we reserve the right not to respond, in a reasoned manner, to manifestly unfounded or excessive requests.
In accordance with applicable regulations, you can also lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority or file a legal action if your data is misused.
COOKIES POLICY
The cookie policy was updated on May 20, 2020.
The company Gestion Pierre Cardin attaches a particular importance to the respect of the privacy of the users of its website and the respect of the legal provisions in force. When consulting our website www.pierrecardin.com, « cookies » may be stored on your device (computer, mobile, tablet, etc.). This page allows you to better understand how cookies work and how to manage your preferences.
1 – What is a « cookie »?
A « cookie » means a text file that can be saved, subject to your choice, in a dedicated space on your device’s hard drive, when visiting our website through your navigation software. This cookie file allows its issuer to identify the terminal in which it is registered, during the period of validity or registration of the cookie. Only the issuer of a cookie may read or modify information contained therein.
When you visit our website and we plan to place a Cookies on your Terminal, we inform you of the use of cookies with the help of an information banner at the bottom of the page. By continuing to browse the website when viewing this banner, you consent to our use of cookies.
However, you can change cookie settings at any time.
2 – What are cookies used for on pierrecardin.com
A) The cookies that we emit on our website:
The cookies we issue are used for the purposes described below:
– to establish statistics and volumes of use and use of the various elements of our website (headings and contents visited, routes), allowing us to improve the interest and the ergonomics of our services;
– to allow or facilitate your browsing on the website, or to provide you with the online communication services that you request during your communication and thus:
– to adapt the presentation of our website to the display preferences of your terminal (used language, display resolution, operating system used, etc.) during your visits to our website, according to hardware and visualization software or reading that your terminal has;
– to memorize information relating to a form that you have filled in on our website (registration or access to your account) or to products, services or information that you have chosen on our website (subscribed service, content of a wishlist etc.);
– to allow you to access reserved and personal areas of our website, such as your account, using identifiers or data that you may have previously entrusted to us;
– to implement security measures, for example when you are asked to connect to a content or service again after a certain period of time.
B) Cookies issued on our site by third parties:
The issue and use of cookies by third parties are subject to the privacy policies of these third parties. We inform you about the purpose of cookies that we know and the means you have to make choices about these cookies.
Audience measurement cookies
Our website may contain cookies issued by third parties such as companies measuring audience. During their period of validity, these cookies make it possible to establish statistics and volumes of frequentation and use of the various elements composing our website (headings and contents visited, routes) and to thus improve the interest and the ergonomics of our services.
Cookies issued by third parties because of third-party applications integrated into our website
We may include on our website computer applications from third parties, which allow you to share content on our website with other people or to make known to other people your consultation or your opinion about a content on our website. This is particularly the case of the buttons « Share », « I like », from social networks (such as « Facebook », « Twitter », « Pinterest », etc.) or from the websites Youtube ou Vimeo. The social network or the website providing such an application button is likely to identify you with this button, even if you did not use this button during your consultation of our website. Indeed, this type of application button can allow the social network or the website to follow your navigation on our website, just because your account to the social network or the website concerned was activated on your Terminal (open session) during your navigation on our site.
We have no control over the process used by social networks to collect information about your browsing on our website and associated with the personal data they have. We invite you to consult the privacy policies of these social networks to learn the purpose of use, including advertising, navigation information they can collect through these application buttons. These protection policies must allow you to exercise your choices with these social networks, including setting up your usage accounts for each of these networks.
« Flash” cookies from Adobe Flash Player ™
« Adobe Flash Player » ™ is a computer application that allows the rapid development of dynamic content using the « Flash » computer language. Flash (and similar apps) remembers the settings, preferences, and usage of this content through technology similar to cookies. However, Adobe Flash Player ™ manages this information and your choices via an interface different from that provided by your browser. Since your terminal might be able to view content developed with Flash, we invite you to access your Flash cookie management tools directly from www.adobe.com
3 – How to exercise your choices regarding cookies?
You can make the choice at any time to express and modify your wishes in terms of cookies, by the means described below.
You can configure your browser software so that cookies are stored in your Terminal or, conversely, they are rejected, either systematically or according to their issuer. You can also configure your browser so that the acceptance or rejection of cookies is offered to you punctually, before a cookie is likely to be registered in your device.
Any setting you may undertake may change your Internet browsing and your access to certain services that require the use of cookies.
If necessary, we accept no liability for the consequences of the poor functioning of our services resulting from the impossibility for us to record or consult the cookies necessary for their operation and that you have refused or deleted.
For the management of cookies and your choices, the configuration of each browser is different. It is described in the help menu of your browser, which will allow you to know how to change your wishes for cookies.
4 – Information about cookies
For more information on cookies and their use, you can consult the website of the National Commission for Computing and Freedoms (CNIL) at the following address: www.cnil.fr
Configure cookies
View Credits
Back to the website
Français
Data protection policy
Cookies menu
© 2020 Legal notice
data protection policy -
cookies menu -
© 2020 legal notice -
contact@pierrecardin.com