http://www.greatalaskanholidays.com/privacy-practices/
Privacy Practices
HomePrivacy Practices
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc. takes the protection of its customers’ personal information very seriously. You can generally browse our Web site without providing any personal information. There are only a few places where we request a small amount of personal information; and we want to make sure that you understand what that information is used for and how it will be protected. We make every effort to ensure that any data collected is accurate, timely and secure.
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc. does not rent, sell or otherwise distribute the customer information entered on this site.
Generally, the information Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc. collects helps us to provide you with the latest product information, promotional information and other information that we feel you may find useful. If you have provided personal information, but do not wish to receive further information from Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., you can simply respond to any e-mail message we send to you and tell us that you do not want to receive future communications.
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc. Contact Information
For additional information about this web site contact:
Brian Minster, General Manager
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc.
9800 Old Seward Highway
Anchorage, AK 99515-2139
Phone: 907-248-7777
Fax: 907-248-7878
Trademarks, Service Marks, and Copyrights
Unless otherwise specifically noted, images, trademarks, service marks, logos and icons displayed on the Site are the property of Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., and may not be used without Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., prior written consent. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and communications regulations and statutes.
What Information Is Collected
In general, you can visit the Site while remaining anonymous by not providing any Personally Identifiable Communications. In some cases, Non-personally Identifiable Communications technology information may be automatically collected, such as Internet Browser, computer operating system, domain name of your Internet service provider and/or the web site from which you linked to our Site.
Personally Identifiable Communications about you (e.g., your name, address, telephone number, or email address) will not be collected unless you provide it to us voluntarily. For example, Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., retains e-mail addresses of visitors who respond to the Site’s e-mail forms, online forms, registration forms and surveys. Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., may also retain information with respect to frequency of Site visits, length of time of the Site visit, and aggregate information on which Site page visitors access.
Use of Information Collected
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., will primarily use Communications to respond to your request(s). Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., may use Personally Identifiable Communications for editorial and feedback purposes, marketing and promotional purposes, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast or posting, and for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior. Furthermore, Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., retains the right to use ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any Communications you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information. Non-personally Identifiable Communications may be aggregated for internal review and used to improve the Site’s content and its structure. This information will then be discarded.
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., does not distribute Personal Data or Communications to third parties.
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., will not voluntarily share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose information obtained from visitors to the Site (whether Personal Data or Communications) to third parties.
When you choose not to provide Personally Identifiable Communications
When you choose not to provide Personally Identifiable Communication to the Site, we may not be able to respond to your request. You may receive an error message displayed on your browser.
Nature of Site and Information Protection
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., will take appropriate steps to protect all information you share with us. Whenever you provide the Site with Personal Data, Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., will take commercially reasonable steps to establish a secure connection with your web browser.
The site is not a secured site. Inherent in the use of the Internet and internet-related technologies is some risk of disclosure of information, including without limitation, personal data you supply. Your use of the site and your entry of information is at your own risk.
Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., cannot accept responsibility and expressly disclaims all liability for damage or injury that you may incur or that may result from your use of the Site or the interception of information you provide, including without limitation, Personal Data, by a third party.
Limitation of Liability
The site and its content is provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., does not warrant that use of the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects, if any, will be corrected, or that either the site or the server that makes it available to you is free of viruses, disabling devices or other harmful components. Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials on the site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc.) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction related to any damage, harm, injury or malfunction associated with your use of the site and/or its contents.
Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence by act or omission, shall Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., or any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site, be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use the materials on the Site, even if Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., or a representative authorized by Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event, however, shall Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the Site.
Links To Third Party Web Sites
If you use any links provided in the Site to web sites not owned, maintained nor hosted by Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., (“Off-sites”), you will leave the Site. Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., is not responsible for Off-sites’ Privacy Policy or Terms of Use. No judgment or warranty is made with respect to the accuracy, timeliness, or suitability of the content of Off-Sites, and Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc., takes no responsibility therefore. A link to a service or web site outside of the Site is not an endorsement of the service or the web site, its content, or its sponsoring organization.
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, which is operated by Google. The operator of the pages is YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.  If you visit one of our pages featuring a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. Here the YouTube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited.  If you’re logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.  YouTube is used to help make our website appealing. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.  Further information about handling user data, can be found in the data protection declaration of YouTube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Google Web Fonts
For uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by Google. When you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.  For this purpose your browser has to establish a direct connection to Google servers. Google thus becomes aware that our web page was accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web fonts is done in the interest of a uniform and attractive presentation of our plugin. This constitutes a justified interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO.  If your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font is used by your computer.  Further information about handling user data, can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Cookies
Please review our cookie policy here https://www.greatalaskanholidays.com/cookie-policy/
© Copyright 1985-2020 Great Alaskan Holidays, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.   Privacy Policy   Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to function correctly and to improve your experience. By using this site, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalized content, and ads. GOT IT MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.