https://www.unitedsecuritybank.com/terms-of-use
Branch Hours Modified, Effective Friday, October 2, 2020
...response ability
1.888.683.6030
12/11/20
Search
Search
1.888.683.6030
12/11/20
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Business
Personal
Investor Relations
About
Locations
Business
Business Checking Accounts
Business Checking Account
Business Analysis Account
Basic Business Checking Account
Business NOW Account
Money Market Account
Business Savings & CDs
Business Savings Account
Certificates of Deposit
Rate Increase CD
Variable Rate CD
Certificate of Deposit Registry Service
Rates
CDs
Money Market Account
Savings Accounts
Business NOW Account
Cash Management
ACH
Origination
Bill Pay
Loan Payments
Positive Pay
Remote Deposit Capture
Stop Payments
Transfer Funds
Wire Transfers
e-Statements
Business Loans
Commercial & Industrial Loans*
Real Estate Loans*
Agricultural Loans*
Personal
Personal Checking Accounts
NOW Checking Account
Money Market Account
Classic Checking Account
Basic Checking Account
Free Checking Account
Personal Checking Account
Savings Accounts
Personal Savings Account
Savings for Minors Account
Rates
CDs & IRAs
Money Market Account
Savings Accounts
Checking Accounts
Consumer Loans*
CDs & IRAs
Certificate of Deposit
Rate Increase CD
Variable Rate CD
Certificate of Deposit Registry Service
Individual Retirement Account
Safe Deposit Boxes
ATM/Visa Check Card
UChoose Rewards
Verified by Visa
ATM/Debit Card Safety
Lost or Stolen Card
Investor Relations
Corporate Information
Officers & Directors
Corporate Profile
Governance Documents
Committee Charting
Stock Information
Stock Quote
Historic Prices
Dividends
Financial Calculators
SEC Filings
Documents
Annual Reports
Insider Filings
Insider Ownership
Institutional Ownership
IR Site Map
Financials
Financial Highlights
Financial Statements
Financial Charting
Peer Analysis
News & Market Information
Press Releases
Event Calendar
Other Information
Information Request
Email Notification
RSS Feeds
FAQ
About Us
About Us
Mission Statement
Contact
Locations
Bakersfield
Campbell
Caruthers
Clovis
Coalinga
Coarsegold
Firebaugh
Fresno
Kerman
McFarland
Mendota
Oakhurst
San Joaquin
Taft
United Security Bank maintains this website to provide you with information about United Security Bank products and services and to facilitate communication with the Bank and its related companies. United Security Bank requires that all the visitors to our site on the Internet ("the Site") adhere to the following rules and regulations. Please review the following terms and conditions about your use of this site. By accessing the Site you indicate your acknowledgement and acceptance of these terms and conditions. From time to time we may revise these terms and conditions.
Unauthorized Use Unauthorized use of United Security Bank's website and systems including but not limited to unauthorized entry into Bank’s Electronic Banking systems, misuse of passwords, or misuse of any information posted to the site, is strictly prohibited. The Electronic Banking section is for authorized users only and any attempt to enter the secure Electronic Banking section is prohibited by Federal law and will be reported to law enforcement authorities. You agree that (i) you will not engage in any activities related to the website that are contrary to applicable law, regulation or the terms of any agreements you may have with United Security Bank and (ii) in circumstances where locations of the website require identification for process, you will establish commercially reasonable security procedures and controls to limit access to your password or other identifying information to authorized individuals.
E-Mail Submissions or Feedback Any communication or material you transmit to us via Internet electronic mail is on a non-confidential basis and is not encrypted. All feedback or submissions of any kind submitted to this Website become the property of United Security Bank, to be used or not as the Bank chooses without cost or liability.
Copyright Copyright in the pages, screens, text, graphics and images appearing on the Website are owned by United Security Bank or others as indicated. The information and materials contained on the Website may not be copied, displayed, distributed, downloaded, licenses, modified, published, reposted, reproduced, reused, sold, transmitted, used to create a derivative work or otherwise used for public or commercial purposes without the express written permission of United Security Bank.
Potential Disruption of Service
Access to the website may from time to time be unavailable, delayed, limited or slowed due to, among other things:
Hardware failure, including failures of computers (including your own computer), servers, networks, telecommunication lines and connections, and other electronic and mechanical equipment;
Software failure, such as, bugs, errors, viruses, configuration problems, incompatibility of systems, utilities or applications, the operation of firewalls or screening programs, unreadable codes, or irregularities within particular documents or other content;
Overload of system capacities;
Damage caused by severe weather, earthquakes, wars, insurrection, riots, civil commotion, act of God, accident, fire, water damage, explosion, mechanical breakdown or natural disasters;
Interruption (whether partial or total) of power supplies or other utility of service;
Strike or other stoppage (whether partial or total) of labor;
Governmental or regulatory restrictions, exchange rulings, court or tribunal orders or other human intervention; or
Any other cause (whether similar or dissimilar to any of the foregoing) whatsoever beyond the control of United Security Bank.
Online Practices A "cookie" is a way for websites to recognize whether or not you have visited the site before. This site uses this feature of your browser. It is important for you to know that cookies do not read your hard drive, nor can they be used to reveal anything about you that you have not chosen to enter as a user on a site. Our use of cookies allows us to recognize your computer and optimize your visit to our website. Links to Other Sites
United Security Bank may provide access to information, products or services offered on website that are owned or operated by other companies ("third party websites"). We provide this access through the use of hyperlinks that automatically move you from the United Security Bank website to the third party site. United Security Bank is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any third party website. United Security Bank cannot endorse, approve or guarantee information, products, services or recommendations provided at a third party website. Because we may not always know when information on a linked site changes, United Security Bank is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any third party website. United Security Bank shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort resulting from the use of a link on its website nor will it be liable for any failure of products or services advertised or provided on these linked sites. When you visit a third party website from United Security Bank’s site, you will no longer be protected by United Security Bank 's privacy policy or security practices. The data collection, use and protection practices of the linked site may differ from the practices of United Security Bank’s site. We encourage you to read the third party website's privacy policy and security statement as those are the policies that apply to your use of the linked website.
When you leave United Security Bank's website
We provide hyperlinks from our website to third parties for customer convenience, support and information. We will alert you when you are leaving the Bank’s website and are redirected to a third part servicer through the use of an addition message screen which will appear when you take the link desired.
Warrants and Disclaimers We use our best efforts to include accurate and up to date information on our website, but we make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of the information. You agree that all access and use of the website and its contents is at your own risk. By using the website, you acknowledge that we specifically disclaim any liability (whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise) for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special use of the website, (even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages) including liability associated with any viruses which may infect a user's computer equipment.
Limitation of Liability
Because of the possibility of human and mechanical error as well as other factors, the website, including all information and materials contained on the website, is provided "as is" "as available." United Security Bank and third party data providers are not providing any warranties and representations regarding the website. United Security Bank and third party data providers disclaim all warranties and representations of any kind with regard to the website, including any implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third party rights, freedom from viruses or other harmful code, or fitness for any particular purpose. Further, United Security Bank will not be liable for any delay, difficulty in use, inaccuracy of information, computer viruses, malicious code or other defect in this website, or for the incompatibility between this website and files and the user's browser or other site accessing program. Nor will United Security Bank be liable for any other problems experienced by the user due to causes beyond United Security Bank’s control. No license to the user is implied in these disclaimers.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction You agree that your use of this website shall be governed by all applicable Federal laws and the laws of the State of California and agree that venue shall be located in such location that United Security Bank chooses.
Information
FDIC Insurance
Lost and Stolen Cards
Mortgage Challenges
Properties for Sale
Links
Education Center
Reorder Checks
Security Center
Services
Bill Pay
e-Statement Information
Mobile Banking
Online Banking Agreement