http://www.stiga.com/int/warranty-policy
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
...and be the first to know about our latest offers, helpful hints & tips and stay in touch with the STIGA world.
By subscribing you agree to STIGAPrivacy Policy and Terms of Use
Subscribe
Powered by Mageplaza
Home
Warranty Policy
Warranty Policy The following warranty policy applies to all STIGA products.
Please read it carefully. For further questions, please contact your local STIGA representative. OVERVIEW
This warranty applies to all Products branded "STIGA" and is effective for Products sold in the following Countries: Italy, Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, United Kingdom. In other Countries in which Products branded “STIGA” are sold, the guarantees is granted by the Seller, which we suggest to refer first, or by the Distributor / Importer in agreeing with STIGA. The list of the main Distributor / Importer is written and time to time up dated, on www.STIGA.com/int/sales-network.
STIGA guarantees that this Product is free from defects due to design and workmanship or in material.
Any defects of the Product that occur shall be rectified by STIGA at its own expense by way of repair or replacement of the defective part, or when necessary, of replacement of the product itself, if the above remedies prove impossible or excessively burdensome. A defective Product shall be exchanged by way of free delivery and/or installation of a new part or product of the same type and same quality. Should the defective part or Product no longer be manufactured at the time of the guarantee event, STIGA may deliver a similar part or product of the same value.
This Guarantee is assured via the network of the Authorized STIGA Service Centre located in your country if present. Further information on STIGA Service Centres list can be found at our Website of each local subsidiary (local website subsidiaries, listed as OFFICE, can be found at www.STIGA.com/int/sales-network. In all Countries where there is no STIGA Service Centre, the Guarantee will be managed, as written before, by your local Distributor / Importer.
This Guarantee shall not affect the statutory rights of the end customer as against provided for by law, including the rights that may be exercised by the consumer against the seller by virtue of the applicable local consumer protection legislation. GUARANTEE PERIOD
STIGA's Guarantee shall apply for the following period(s):
- if the User is a 'natural person' who is acting for purposes which are outside his trade, business, craft or profession' (Consumer): 2 (two) years from the date of purchase;
- if the User is a legal or natural person acting for purposes relating to his trade, business, communities, craft or profession: 1 (one) year from the date of purchase.
The Guarantee Period for batteries used for engine starting shall be six (6) months. MAKING A CLAIM UNDER THE GUARANTEE PERIOD
A prerequisite for a guarantee claim shall be the submission of the original invoice with the purchase date and must clearly indicate the name and address of the seller and the place of purchase. The proof of purchase shall also contain full details of the Product, including its serial number and type.
The end consumer may claim guarantee services only if notice of a defect arising is given prior to claiming of the guarantee services unless such notice should be unreasonable. Notice should be given to the STIGA Authorized Service Centre located nearest to you. Notification must be given within a reasonable time after the defect has been discovered, however, in any case prior to the expiration of the guarantee period. When contacting the Service Centre, please be ready to communicate to them all data shown in the original proof of purchase. The Authorized Service Centre will provide you with information on how to proceed to get the product repaired. REMEDIES
For any ascertained defect on the Product claimed within the Guarantee Period you will be entitled to receive without paying expenses and in an adequate and however short time:
the repair or replacement of the defective parts of the Product with a new part of the same type and same quality; or
when necessary, the replacement of the Product itself with a product of the same type and same quality, if the above remedies prove impossible or excessively burdensome.
The Guarantee Period shall not be extended by any repair work authorised by STIGA or exchange of the product or parts, nor shall it commence to run a new guarantee period. However, any part(s) repaired or replaced during the Guarantee Period will be warranted for twelve (12) months from the date of the repair or replacement.
Following the replacement by the STIGA Service Centre, title of the defective part or Product shall pass to STIGA.
If the Product is found not to be covered by this Guarantee, the Service Centre reserves the right to charge a handling fee. WHAT IS NOT COVERED?
The Guarantee will not apply if the defect(s) relate(s) to:
Normal wear and tear (including, without limitation, wear and tear of batteries where present).
Normal wear and tear of consumables, such as drive belts, headlights, wheels, blades, safety bolts and wires.
Use of the Product not in compliance with the instructions described in the Product instruction manuals.
Defects caused by rough, inappropriate, incorrect operation or handling or use or damage caused by accident, misuse, neglect, fire, water, lightning or other acts of nature.
The fact that the battery/ies has/have been short-circuited, if the seals of the battery enclosure or the cells are broken or show evidence of tampering, or if the battery/ies has/have been used for uses other than those for which it/they has/have been specified.
Wilful or negligent damage, to the Product by the end customer or a third party.
Use of spare parts, attachments or other replacement items (including consumables) which are not provided or recommended by STIGA.
Any alteration or modification to the Product which has been carried out by the end customer or a third party not authorised by STIGA.
Any failure to adequately package the Product for transportation or the defect was caused by transport or installation of the Product.
Extreme or external causes beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to, breakdowns, fluctuations or interruptions in electric power, ISP (Internet Service Provider) service, or wireless networks.
Weak and/or inconsistent wireless signal strength in your home.
Lack of or unproper, as the case may be, installation, care, maintenance of the Product.
Aggressive environmental influences (such as chemicals, cleaning agents), lime scale or disruptions due to ice and/or lime.
Specific environmental circumstances (e.g. excess or negative pressure in the line, excess voltage or undervoltage on the line).
The Guarantee does not apply to accessories and other consumable items. The Guarantee will be invalid if the Product serial number has been removed, erased, defaced or altered, or is illegible in any way as determined at the Service Centre discretion.
CookieBot ×