http://www.cashprivacy.com/cards/anonymous/atm/cash/cirrus/reasons_to_use_cashprivacy.htm
Disclaimer: this information is outdated. Please check our recent blogs for the latest information.
incorporation in seychelles offshore services, offshore company, tax savings offshore bank account offshore card account, private banking, private bank account, private cirrus atm card
Products
Benefits
ID requirements
Your Security
Application process
F A Q
Apply Now!
Ordering ATM cards through CashPrivacy, people get advantages in many aspects. Let's have a look at some of the opinions:
Mike . . . . ., 35 computer professional *
. . . just provide the customer with
my card account data and walk to
the nearest ATM to take the cash.
I am self-employed programmer. Some time ago I had problem selling my products overseas. Not everybody was able to write the check (in some countries this is not a common practice), somebody asked me to open the checking account. Now I just provide the customer with my card account data and walk to the nearest ATM to take the cash. No time on check clearing lost. Very easy. One friend of mine was saying: "Mike, you said this is the ATM card from offshore bank that makes no reporting. You should be very rich man now:)". Personally I think this is not the case, for my fees are high enough both to live well and pay taxes.
Also I provide this account data when applying for some Internet programs with regular payouts. Really convenient tool.
Maria . . . . ., 23, student *
. . . like some financial bridge
between my parents and me.
My parents arranged the card from CashPrivacy when I left home to study. It became like some financial bridge between my parents and me. Of course I am happier hearing my mom's or dad's voice by phone, however the information that some support for my studies has arrived on the card also is very important for me.
No name on the card? Yes, initially I was a little bit curious about this. If I loose my card - there is protection anyway because nobody knows the PIN code. However - knowing this is my card somebody could try to get this code. So I decided that this is a good feature for me.
Sven . . . . ., 48, executive *
. . . my employees have access to
cash whenever it's necessary. In
every country they travel, there
are ATM machines in the case
they need some cash quickly.
We have established international trade business offshore. My employees are travelling all around the world, arranging the most favorable contracts and controlling the performance. Many contractor countries with low labor costs have weak financial infrastructure, therefore my people experienced problems previously. Now with the CashPrivacy solution and ATM cards my employees have access to cash whenever it's necessary. In every country they travel, there are ATM machines in the case they need some cash quickly.
Why offshore? It's simple. Having offshore business and developing tax-minimizing strategy it is wise to keep the account with offshore bank.
Having offshore business and
developing tax minimizing
strategy it is wise to keep the
account with offshore bank. **
Visual anonymity of the card is an additional advantage in some eastern countries with funny changing custom regulations. Some bribe-hungry customs inspector now have less chance to prove that card carrying no name and signature is the personal, not the corporate property.
From the other side, my financial department can easily control the corporate spendings by the monthly reports or just by making the authorized call to the bank. I have also one of my corporate accounts in the same bank and replenishing the card is one-click job through the online banking system.
If you ask about payback of the investment, in my case it took some days - when the first employee went to the business trip. However I think we should not speak about the money here, for we get much more - my duties now is easier and my employees feel more comfortable.
To get more information on CashPrivacy solution for cash withdrawal, please visit the products page.
* The information is provided with permission of the particular persons. Surnames are left blank because of 		confidential nature of our service. For more information please read our privacy policy
** Please, do not create tax-minimizing strategy yourself. Have the professional advice.
copyright © 2001–2010 cashprivacy.com All rights reserved
Disclaimer