http://www.electricsmarts.com/corporate/privacy
Toggle navigation
Contact
Media Kit
Partners
About Us
eMarketing Videos
Privacy Policy
Electricsmarts and Your Privacy
Electricsmarts is committed to protecting your personal information and respecting your privacy. Our goal is to give you as much control and information as possible regarding your personal information and the use we make of it in the course of our business. We want to be a leader in providing comprehensive privacy information to our customers.
In general, you can visit Electricsmarts on the Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
Electricsmarts will never sell, rent or disclose your personally identifiable information to outside parties without your consent unless compelled by law or court order to do so. With your permission, Electricsmarts may send you e-mail regarding new services, or select third party products. In any case, we do not disclose your personally identifiable information to such third parties.
Electricsmarts Web Site Privacy Statement
What Information We Gather and Track
There are times when we may need to collect information from you through our Web site. This generally involves filling out forms so you can participate in various services or receive requested information.
What We Do With the Information We Gather and Track
The personally identifiable information gathered from the forms you fill out on our Web site is used in one of two ways:
to provide you with information about products, services, news and events;
to gather broad demographic information about user trends.
Electricsmarts uses various methods to collect certain other kinds of information that cannot be personally identified with you, including
Cookies
Referers
IP addresses
System information
"cookie" is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. It can be used to provide you with a tailored user experience. Some Electricsmarts pages use cookies. Cookies are used to better personalize the content, banners and promotions that you and other users will see. We may use the information to research and understand how our users' habits in the aggregate are similar or different so that we can enhance your experience on Electricsmarts' sites and with our services. With your consent, cookies can optionally store information from forms that you fill out on our site so that next time you visit, you do not have to re-enter this information. For example, this would allow you to enter your zip code so that next time you visit, you can automatically see local content from your area. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. Electricsmarts does not require that you accept cookies.
A "referer" is the information passed along by a web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, and is automatically gathered by our Web server. This information is used by Electricsmarts to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. You will not be personally identified from this information.
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you. They are automatically gathered by our Web server. Electricsmarts will not use your IP address to attempt to identify your personal information.
System information we gather includes time, type of Web browser being used, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. This information is sent automatically by your Web browser when you are connected to a Web site and is used by Electricsmarts only for broad demographic statistics. This information is used by Electricsmarts in identifying broad demographic trends and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system. You will not be personally identified from this information.
In addition, the Electricsmarts Web sites contain links to other Web sites. However, Electricsmarts is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Contacting Us about Privacy
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or our Web site, you may contact us at:
IndustrySmarts 9450 SW Gemini Dr #19902Beaverton, OR 97008-7105 privacy@electricsmarts.com
© Copyright · ElectricSmarts Network · All Rights Reserved.