https://www.alleghenysurface.com/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Information
Privacy Policy
Why we value your privacy
We value your privacy as much as we do our own, so we’re committed to keeping your personal and business information safe. We’ll never use your personal information for any reason other than why you gave it, and we’ll never give anyone access to it unless we’re forced to by law.
How we collect information
We ask for contact information including your name, email address, and phone number, on our website so that we can reply to your inquiry. We may use this information to send you monthly e-mails/newsletters about upcoming tradeshows, new products, and technical topics. Contacts in the European Union countries will not receive monthly e-mails/newsletters unless permission is given.
We collect your email address and name when you let us scan your badge at a tradeshow. We may use this information to send you monthly e-mails/newsletters about new products and technical topics. Contacts in the European Union countries will not receive monthly e-mails/newsletters unless permission is given.
Our website doesn’t use cookies or scripts to track the websites you visit. We don’t use analytics or native social media ‘like’ or ‘sharing’ buttons which also build profiles of your internet activity.
We ask for your account and contact information when you hire or buy something from us.
Occasionally, we might receive your contact information from one of our partners. If we do, we protect it in exactly the same way as if you give it to us directly.
What information we hold
When you contact us by email or through our website, we collect your name, email address, phone number, and other such items of information depending on what we need to answer you query. We may hold this information to send you monthly e-mails/newsletters about upcoming tradeshows, new products, and technical topics. Contacts information in the European Union countries will not be held for monthly e-mails/newsletters unless permission is given.
We collect your email address and name when you let us scan your badge at a tradeshow. We may use this information to send you monthly e-mails/newsletters about new products and technical topics. Contacts information in the European Union countries will not be held for monthly e-mails/newsletters unless permission is given.
When you buy something from us, we collect your name, email address, phone number, and a shipping/billing address.
If you do business with us, we also collect your business name and bank details and keep records of the invoices we send you and the payments you make.
Where we store your information
When you contact us by email or through our website, we store your information in a secure platform.
What we use your information for
We occasionally use your contact information to send you details of our products and services. When we do, you have the option to unsubscribe from these communications and we won’t send them to you again. We might also email or phone you about our products and services, but if you tell us not to, we won’t get in touch again. We will use your information to send you invoices, statements, or reminders.
Who’s responsible for your information at our company
You can contact our company by email at info@alleghenybradford.com or by phone on 814-362-2590 if you have any concerns about the information we store.
Who has access to information about you
When we store information in our own systems, only the people who need it have access to do their job.
The steps we take to keep your information private
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help protect unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
The computers we use are all protected by a passcode. These computers ask for authentication whenever they’re started or after inactivity.
How do you ask a question about our privacy policy
You can contact our company by email at info@alleghenybradford.com or by phone on 814-362-2590 if you have any concerns about the information we store.
Changes to the policy
If we change the contents of this policy, those changes will become effective the moment we publish them on our website.
About Us
News
Trade Shows
Jobs
Driving Directions
Terms and Conditions
COVID-19 Information
By continuing to browse or by clicking “Accept All Cookies,” you agree to the storing of first- and third-party cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree