http://www.vtforge.com/privacy-policy/
Welcome to Hubbardton Forge - Skip Navigation?
Back to Top
Collapse Main Menu
Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting the Hubbardton Forge website. We are committed to respecting the privacy of our users and we strive to provide a safe, secure user experience. This Privacy Policy outlines the privacy policies that apply to hubbardtonforge.com, the collection and use of personal information.PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH OUR WEBSITE, SOCIAL PLATFORMS AND EMAIL MARKETING:Personal information is that which identifies you as an individual. We collect personal information through our website, social platforms and email marketing as follows:Google Analytics – Personal data: cookies and usage dataMailchimp – Personal data: email address, first and last nameGeolocation – Personal data: geographic positionContact form: Personal data: email address, first and last nameSocial Media – Personal Data: cookies and usage dataFacebookYoutubeTwitterInstagramGoogle+PinterestLinkedinHouzzSHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to any third party. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers solely for the purposes outlined above. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION UNDER GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)If you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above depends on the personal information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.We may process your personal information because:We need to perform a contract with you.You have given us permission to do so.The processing is in our legitimate interests due to your status as a customer or of contacting you to market our products and it’s not overridden by your rights.To comply with the law. LINKS TO OTHER SITESOur website may contain links to other websites over which we have no control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites which link from hubbardtonforge.com. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your personal information. ABOUT COOKIESA cookie is a small file that a website puts on your computer’s hard drive so that it can remember you at a later time. This file does not contain your name, address, or any other personal information. Cookies are a standard part of Internet use and allow server computers to recognize your computer’s browser when you return to our site. DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the following data protection rights:The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your personal information directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.The right of rectification. You have the right to have your personal information rectified if that personal data is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information, including the right to object to any processing related to direct marketing.The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the personal information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we relied on your consent to process your personal data.Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA). CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYHubbardton Forge has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMSBy using our website, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. CONTACT USMailing Address:Hubbardton Forge154 Route 30 SouthCastleton, VT 05735Phone:802-468-2711Fax:802-468-3284Email:info@vtforge.comWebsite:www.hubbardtonforge.com This document was last updated on May 24th, 2018
CLOSE