http://www.logodesign.com/terms/
Terms & Conditions | Logo Design
Home
About Us
Find a Designer
Blog
Sign Up
Edit Profile
Log In
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Terms
TERMS OF SERVICE
By accessing or using LogoDesign.com, or by signing up as a Member of LogoDesign.com, you agree to adhere to and be bound by the terms and conditions in this Agreement. Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using LogoDesign.com. If you cannot accept this Agreement, you may not access or use LogoDesign.com.
In this Agreement, LogoDesign.com, the Directory Service, all services related to it, including all text, images, photographs, user interface, look and feel, data and other content (including the selection, coordination and arrangement of such content) are referred to as the "Website" or "Service."
LogoDesign.com reserves the right to change the Terms and Conditions of the Agreement and such modifications shall be effective immediately. Users and Members should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions because they legally determine the conditions under which they are allowed to use the Service. A User’s continued access of this Website shall be deemed acceptance of the modified agreement.
1. Services Generally.
(a) Description. The Service is an online offering where individuals or entities ("User" or collectively, "Users") and individuals who have created an account ("Member" or collectively, "Members") can access and browse the publicly available content on the website, create an account, post design samples, contribute original content to the site, and search for and contact designers who are Members of LogoDesign.com. Users and Members agree that LogoDesign.com is responsible for providing this directory and portfolio service, and that LogoDesign.com is not responsible for providing any other services, including design services, invoicing and collection, or tasks not specifically outlined in these Terms.
(b) License. Members must purchase and maintain a current membership to be listed in the designer directory, post original content, and access the site. Members retain the copyright to all design samples contributed to the site, but grant LogoDesign.com an unlimited right to display any samples uploaded to the site. LogoDesign.com retains the copyright to any written content posted to the site including, but not limited to blog content, comments, and profile descriptions.
(c) Payment. Members must pay for the Service via credit card or other authorized payment method at the time of registration and every month thereafter in which they maintain their membership. If Users pay by credit card, they will be required to provide a valid credit card number and billing address when registering. The payment policies for Members may change at any time. Such changes will not, however, apply to memberships that are pre-paid before the changes are made by LogoDesign.com.
(d) Refunds. After a Member has created a member profile and uploaded content to the site, they are not eligible for a refund. LogoDesign.com retains the right to modify or change this policy at any time without notice.
2. Eligibility and Use.
(e) Eligibility. Users may access the Website and browse its contents without creating an account. Such use is limited to browsing the publicly available content. No warranty is made as to the accuracy of the information provided by the site. To register and use the Site as a Member, you must be at least 18 years of age, accept the Membership Agreement, and complete the registration procedure. By registering, Members represent and warrant that (1) they meet these eligibility requirements, (2) the information they include as part of the registration process is complete and accurate, and (3) if they are registering on behalf of an entity, that they are authorized to bind that entity to this Agreement. LogoDesign.com is not required to accept a Member’s registration.
(f) Permitted Uses. Members and Users may access and use the Service only according to this Agreement and any posted policies and procedures that appear on the Website. Any use of the Website is at a Users own risk and responsibility. Members and Users may (i) display the Website on an Internet access device, and (ii) occasionally, and only in circumstances that constitute "fair use" under U.S. copyright law, print copies of insubstantial portions of the Website. Users and Members agree not to modify the Website, or any portion of it, except by the express written consent of LogoDesign.com. Members may modify their member profiles as allowed by the Service. Users and Members may not frame, or use any framing techniques to enclose any portion of the Website without the written consent of LogoDesign.com. Users and Members may not use meta tags or any other "hidden text" that utilize the LogoDesign.com trademark or company name without the written consent of LogoDesign.com.
(g) Prohibited Uses. Users and Members may not broadcast, circulate, distribute, download, perform, publish, rent, reproduce, sell, store, transmit or create derivative works from the Website. Users must comply with all applicable laws (including any applicable export control laws) in connection with using the Service. Further limitations may be set forth in any written or on-screen notice from LogoDesign.com.
(h) Payment. In consideration for the services provided by LogoDesign.com, User shall pay LogoDesign.com the amount set forth in each transaction.
(i) Users and Members agree not to transmit, distribute, post, communicate or store information on, to, or through the Website that:
(i) is copyrighted, unless Users or Members are the copyright owner;
(ii) reveals trade secrets, unless Users or Members own them;
(iii) infringes on any intellectual property, privacy, or publicity rights of others;
(iv) is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to others;
(v) is sexually-explicit;
(vi) constitutes advertisements or solicitations of business, chain letters, or pyramid schemes, beyond the information displayed in the Member’s profile page; or
(vii) contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or other electronic data that are intended to damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any LogoDesign.com system, data, or information.
(2) Users further agree not to:
(i) use any incomplete, false, or inaccurate information for purposes of registering as a Member;
(ii) delete or revise any information of another User or Member of LogoDesign.com;
(iii) take any action that imposes an unreasonably large load on the Website’s infrastructure;
(iv) attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Service;
(v) attempt to use any software, tool, or other device (including browsers, spiders, robots, avatars, agents, or the like) to navigate or search this Website other than with the search engines available from LogoDesign.com and other commercially available third party web browsers (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer, Apple Safari, Mozilla FireFox, Google Chrome); or
(vi) attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any of the software underlying the Website.
(vii) attempt to delete or modify links or keywords embedded in the content of the Site.
(3) Users and Members are prohibited from attempting to violate the security of the Website, including:
(i) accessing data not intended for Users or logging into a server or account that Users or Members are not authorized to access;
(ii) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Website or to breach security or authentication measures;
(iii) attempting to interfere with the service of any user, host or network, including submitting a virus to, overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mailbombing", or "crashing" the Website;
(iv) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or
(v) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or posting.
(4) Violations of security of the Website may result in civil or criminal liability. LogoDesign.com will investigate any violation and may cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Users or Members involved in such violations.
(d) Operation of Website. LogoDesign.com reserves the right to terminate User or Member’s ability to communicate with, or post to, the Website at any time. LogoDesign.com will take reasonable efforts not to disclose any information Users and Members send to the Website. LogoDesign.com may disclose any information to the extent necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. LogoDesign.com may edit, refuse to post, or to remove any information or materials from the Website.
(e) Accessibility. LogoDesign.com shall not be responsible for any delays or interruptions of, errors, or omissions contained in the Website. Although LogoDesign.com will use reasonable efforts to make the Website and Service accessible, LogoDesign.com makes no representation, warranty or covenant that the Website will be available at any specific time since various circumstances may prevent or delay availability. LogoDesign.com may discontinue or modify the Website, may change or eliminate any transmission method, and may change transmission speeds or other signal characteristics. LogoDesign.com shall not be responsible for any loss, cost, damage or liability that may result in such events.
(f) Termination of Access. LogoDesign.com reserves the right to reject, cancel, or terminate User or Member’s access to the LogoDesign.com website at any time without notice. Users agree that LogoDesign.com shall not be liable to Users or any third party for any rejection, cancellation, or termination of such access.
3. Responsibility for Content
(a) Website. LogoDesign.com shall not be responsible for any use that is or is not made of the Website. LogoDesign.com makes no representations, warranties or guarantees regarding the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any information that is communicated to and from the Website. LogoDesign.com does not endorse any opinions expressed by any User or Member. Each Member agrees and acknowledges that he creates a profile at his own risk and that he is responsible for taking any actions necessary to determine whether its use will infringe any third party intellectual property, privacy, or publicity right. Member agrees to be solely responsible for the accuracy of the content of any profile or other content created for Member at LogoDesign.com.
(b) Downloads. LogoDesign.com does not guarantee that data made available on the Website will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other code that manifests contaminating or destructive properties. It is User’s responsibility for implementing sufficient safeguards and procedures to ensure that any such data is free from such problems.
4. Rights to Use.
(a) User Information. For any information or media provided by User or Members in connection with use of the Service (collectively, the "User Information"), LogoDesign.com has all rights necessary to use the User Information to provide the Service.
(b) License. Upon submission of User Information to the Service, User or Member grants LogoDesign.com a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, moral right, perform, display, and/or incorporate in other works, in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed for the full term of any intellectual property rights that may exist in such User Information to the extent necessary to provide the Service.
(c) Member Ownership. Subject to Member’s compliance with this Agreement, Member shall own all design content that he or she contributes to the site. Member grants to LogoDesign.com the right to use any such material for internal and archival purposes, or in connection with advertising, marketing and promotional materials.
(d) LogoDesign.com Ownership. The contents of this Website, including the user interface, text, graphics, company logo, movies, images, audio files, data compilations, the selection and format thereof (other than design files contributed by a Member), as well as the underlying software and databases are the property of LogoDesign.com and are protected by U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws.
(e) Intellectual Property. LogoDesign.com owns all right, title and interest in and to all copyright, trademarks, service mark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property and proprietary rights in and to the Website to the fullest extent provided under U.S. and international law. Users and Members shall not remove, conceal or alter any copyright notice, byline information, disclaimer, restriction, or other notice on the Website. Users and Members shall not use or permit any third party to use the name, trademarks, trade names, or trade dress of LogoDesign.com without the written consent of LogoDesign.com.
(f)  Third Party Rights. If Users believe any content appearing on the Website infringes another party’s rights, please to notify us of this infringement.
5. Registration, Password, User Identity.
(a) Member Identity. When registering, Members will create an identity ("Member Identity"). The Member Identity will include certain information, including but not limited to specialties and the state and country in which Members operate. The information provided may not be treated as confidential.
(b) Passwords and Access. Members shall keep confidential the Member Identity, registration identification, and password(s). Members shall immediately notify LogoDesign.com if Members learn of or suspect: (i) any loss or theft of a Member Identity, registration identification or password, or (ii) any unauthorized use of Member’s registration identification or password or of the Website. In such an event, LogoDesign.com may impose additional security obligations on Members.
(c) Security Breaches. If any unauthorized person obtains access to the Website as a result of any act or omission by a User or Member, that User or Member shall use his best efforts to ascertain the source and manner of acquisition and shall promptly notify LogoDesign.com. Users and Members shall cooperate and assist in any investigation relating to any such unauthorized access.
(d) Inactivity. If a Member’s account is inactive due to non-payment of fees, LogoDesign.com reserves the right to terminate the account and delete all information associated with the account.
6. Privacy.
(a) Privacy Policy. LogoDesign.com will use reasonable efforts to follow its privacy policy. Such privacy policy may be changed from time to time at LogoDesign.com’s sole discretion. LogoDesign.com does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information submitted to the Website or for the misuse of any User Information submitted by Users or any other person, including any information accessed by a hacker or by any other malicious act. By using the Site, Users and Members acknowledge and agree that Internet transmissions are never completely private or secure. Users and Members understand that any message or information sent to the Website may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.
(b) Cookies. LogoDesign.com uses third-party tracking software and cookies to provide advertising and gather information about visitor behavior on the Website. Users can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
7. Disclaimers; Limitations of Liability.
(a) Release from Claims. The Service serves as a venue for the display of logos and designer information. LogoDesign.com does not screen or censor any information or material posted to the Website. Although LogoDesign.com makes reasonable efforts to determine the identity of Members, LogoDesign.com does not confirm the specific identity of any Member. Accordingly, if a User or Member has a dispute with another User or a Member, Users and Members release LogoDesign.com from claims, demands, and damages of every kind and nature arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
(b) Disclaimer of Warranties. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." LogoDesign.com MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED OF ANY KIND RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING ANY USER IDENTITY OR LINKED CONTENT. LogoDesign.com DISCLAIMS TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY AND ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. LogoDesign.com SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW ANY AND ALL (i) WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, (ii) WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, (iii) WARRANTIES RELATING TO DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, ERRORS, OR OMISSIONS IN THE WEBSITE, OR ANY PART THEREOF, (iv) WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE TRANSMISSION OR DELIVERY OF THE WEBSITE, AND (v) WARRANTIES OTHERWISE RELATING TO PERFORMANCE, NONPERFORMANCE, OR OTHER ACTS OR OMISSIONS BY LogoDesign.com OR ANY THIRD PARTY. FURTHER, LogoDesign.com DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET USERS NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THE NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OF ANY OTHER PERSON.
The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.
(c) Limitation of Liability. NEITHER LogoDesign.com NOR ANY THIRD PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO USERS OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY REMEDY, LIABILITY, DAMAGES, COSTS, OR LOSSES RELATING TO THE WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER CONTENT, WHETHER ARISING UNDER THESE TERMS OR ANY APPLICABLE LAW.
(d) Exclusion of Consequential Damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL LogoDesign.com OR ANY THIRD PARTY BE LIABLE TO USERS OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, TRADING LOSSES, AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY, OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SERVICE) ARISING UNDER OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE WEBSITE OR ANY OTHER CONTENT, EVEN IF LogoDesign.com OR ANY THIRD PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.
8. Indemnification.
Users and Members agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless LogoDesign.com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, partners and employees from all liabilities or claims of any third party arising out of User’s violation of this Agreement.
9. Linked Content.
The Website may contain links to third party Websites or other services (the "Linked Content"). The Linked Content is not under the control of LogoDesign.com and LogoDesign.com therefore is not responsible for the Linked Content. LogoDesign.com provides Linked Content to Users only as a convenience and the inclusion of such Linked Content is not an endorsement by LogoDesign.com. If Users decide to access any Linked Content, Users do so at their own risk.
Users will need to make independent judgments regarding interactions with these Linked Sites.
10. Termination.
LogoDesign.com reserves the right to terminate Member’s access to all or a portion of the Service without notice. In the event of such termination, LogoDesign.com will determine the amount of any refund (if any) to be paid to Member as a result of such termination. Should Members use of the Service result from a material breach of this Agreement, or any other agreement between LogoDesign.om and Member, Member shall not be entitled to any refund.
If LogoDesign.com does take any legal action against Member as a result of Member’s violation of these Terms of Use, LogoDesign.com will be entitled to recover from Member, and Member agrees to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to LogoDesign.com. Users and Members agree that LogoDesign.com will not be liable to Users or Members or to any third party for termination of access to the Site as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
11. Violation of These Terms of Use
LogoDesign.com may disclose any information about Users (including identity) if LogoDesign.com determines that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding use of the Website, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) LogoDesign.com’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Website, including LogoDesign.com’s customers. LogoDesign.com reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that LogoDesign.com deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. LogoDesign.com also may disclose information when LogoDesign.com determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
Users acknowledge and agree that LogoDesign.com may preserve any transmittal or communication by Users with LogoDesign.com through the Website or any service offered on or through the Website, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or LogoDesign.com determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of LogoDesign.com, its employees, users of or visitors to the Website, and the public.
12. Email Communications.
LogoDesign.com will generally use email to communicate with Users and Members. By using the Service, Users and Members agree to receive status notifications and other communications from LogoDesign.com. Users are free to unsubscribe from such communications at anytime. User’s personal identifying information will never be disclosed or shared with another party without User’s explicit permission.
13. Notice.
Any notice required or permitted to be given pursuant to these Terms shall be in writing and directed to admin@logodesign.com, and shall not be deemed confidential.
14.
Independent Contractors.
Each party is an independent contractor and, except as otherwise agreed to by the parties, the parties shall not have the authority to bind, represent or commit the other. Nothing in these Terms shall be deemed or construed to create joint venture, partnership or agency relationship between the parties. The parties agree and acknowledge that no User or Member of the LogoDesign.com Website, LogoDesign.com customer or other third party has or shall have any rights as a third party beneficiary or otherwise arising from or relating to these Terms.
15. Force Majeure.
Except for the payment of the Fees by User, if the performance of any part of Terms is prevented, hindered, delayed or otherwise made impracticable by reason of any cause or event not within the reasonable control of such party and without such party’s fault or negligence, that party shall be excused from such to the extent that such party is prevented, hindered or delayed by such causes.
16. General.
This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter and supersedes any and all prior oral or written agreements and understandings, including any and all contemporaneous oral agreements and understandings (excluding any associated agreements required by LogoDesign.com [e.g., privacy policy] as a condition precedent to Users’ or Members’ use of the Service), between Users or Members and LogoDesign.com regarding this Agreement. No modification, amendment, or waiver of this Agreement shall be binding unless evidenced in writing and signed by a legal representative of LogoDesign.com. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, then such provision shall be deemed null and void, but the remaining provisions shall continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated in any way. The language of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language mutually chosen by the parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against or in favor of either party hereto. The section headings and other headings contained in this Agreement were selected for convenience and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be governed by the substantive law of the State of Utah, without reference to any choice of law rules that would result in the application of the substantive law of any other jurisdiction. The parties agree that any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be submitted to arbitration and then to the federal courts having jurisdiction in Salt Lake City, Utah, or state courts having jurisdiction in the area in which such federal courts have jurisdiction, and the parties consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts in respect of such disputes. Users and Members may not assign or otherwise transfer (by operation of law or otherwise) any of Users’ or Members’ rights or duties hereunder unless LogoDesign.com agrees in writing after receiving prior written notice. Any attempted assignment or other transfer without the requisite consent shall be null and void ab initio. LogoDesign.com may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or the performance of any of its duties. The waiver by LogoDesign.com of a breach or a violation of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any subsequent breach or violation of any provision of this Agreement.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by LogoDesign.com.
Home
About Us
FAQ
Find a Designer
Blog
Sign Up
Edit Profile
Contact Us
Log In
Log Out
Privacy
Terms and Conditions