http://www.fishermansmarket.ca/privacy-policy/
Close Language Menu X
Languages
English
French
Language 3
Language 4
Language 5
Close Search X
Search
Close Menu X
Main Menu
Home
About Us
Shop
Wholesale
Contact Us
Cart Details
My Account
Cart
Close Cart View X
$53.002 items
×
Rare Purple Lobster
1 × $15.00
×
Lobster
1 × $12.00
Subtotal: $53.00
View Cart
Checkout
My Account
Cart
Empty Cart
Home
About Us
Shop
Wholesale
Contact Us
Empty Cart
Privacy policy
Fisherman’s Market operates this Web site and recognizes that you care how information about you is used and shared. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our information collection, use, and sharing practices for this Web site.
The information we collect through our Site helps us provide you with information specific to your needs and interests. By visiting the Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
In this Privacy Policy, “we”, “us”, “our” and other similar references mean fishermansmarket.com and “you” and “your” and other similar references mean a specific user of the Site. Please read below to review our Privacy Policy.
We collect and store information that you enter into this Web site. When you open an account or place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date. We use your personal information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products and services. To best serve you, we may share your personal information with other members of the Fishermansmarket.com team and with third party service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services. Third parties who perform services on our behalf, are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from Fisherman’s Market. By storing personal information with fishermansmarket.com, you have elected to use the storage to improve the shopping experience and will indemnify defend and hold fishermansmarket.com harmless from any theft or abuse of such stored information that was not due to the negligence of fishermansmarket.com
Notification of Changes: Whenever material changes are made to the privacy notice we will notify you in writing.
Sign up for our Newsletter
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Fisherman’s Market is a diverse operation. The company is involved in every aspect of the fishery, from fishing and processing to export, retail sales and distribution.
INFORMATION
Flyer
Contact Us
Sustainability
Food Safety
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Shipping Details
Contact Us
Address: 607 Bedford Highway, Halifax Nova Scotia   B3M-2L6
Retail Phone: 902-443-3474
Wholesale Phone: 902-445-3474
Email: retail@fishermansmarket.com
Developed by jeremy josey.com - All Rights Reserved