http://www.earthadvantage.org/home/privacy-policy.html
Our Website
Privacy Policy
Earth Advantage, Inc.Privacy PolicyEffective date: January 29, 2019
Earth Advantage, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the earthadvantage.org website (hereinafter referred to as the "Website"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Website and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Website. By using the Website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Website
Website means the earthadvantage.org website owned by Earth Advantage, Inc. and hosted by Cascade Web Development in Portland, Oregon
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Website or from the Website infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Website by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Website with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Use of Data
Earth Advantage, Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Website
To notify you about changes to our Website
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Website
To monitor the usage of our Website
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Earth Advantage, Inc. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If Earth Advantage, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Earth Advantage, Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Earth Advantage, Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Earth Advantage, Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website ("Webiste Providers"), provide the Website on our behalf, perform Website-related services or assist us in analysing how our Website is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web pageLinks to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.Children's PrivacyOur Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@earthadvantage.org
By phone number: 503.968.7160
By mail:
Earth Advantage, Inc.,
Attn: Technology Dept.,
623 SW Oak Street, #300
Portland, OR 97205
Earth Advantage
623 SW Oak Street
Third Floor
Portland, OR 97205
CCB# 204173
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
© 2020 Earth Advantage, Inc.
Quick Links
PDX Home Energy Assessors
OR Home Energy Assessors
Training Policies
Online Payments
Our Other Websites
Green Building Registry
Safe+Sustainable Site Certification
ZERO Coalition
ADU Specialist
Home Certification
Keep in Touch
Subscribe to our monthly updates about Earth Advantage work
website development by:
cascade web//development