http://www.telsar.com/privacy-policy
Cookies help us deliver our services, and are used to customise the service provided to you. By using our webiste you agree to our privacy policy, which is available here Privacy Policy.
OK
2nd in London's Top 5 Most Active Industrial Agents
Auctions
View Current Lots
See Catalogue
Sell at Auction
Home
Search
Deals Completed
About Us
Latest Clients
Latest Events
Latest News
Testimonials
Services
Contact
Property Type
Properties For Sale
Properties For Rent
Property Location
Properties For Sale
Properties For Rent
LET – 15,398 SQ FT – Unit 13 Mount Road Industrial Estate, Feltham
SOLD -
9,799 SQ FT - 2a Langton Road, London NW2 6QA
LET – 4,850 SQ FT – Unit 7 Mount Road, Feltham
LET
– Three Brand New Units in Neasden – Record Rent of £25 psf exclusive
LET – 10,700 SQ FT – 1 Second Way, Wembley
SOLD
– Record Price Achieved – Granville House, Uxbridge UB8
LET – 19,272 SQ FT – Unit 4 Galleymead Rd, Heathrow
ACQUIRED ON BEHALF OF RETAINED CLIENTS – 84 Swallowfield Way, Hayes – 2.94 acres
Telsar wins WLB Awards - Winner of Innovation & Highly Commended Park Royal Business of the Year!
Telsar dispose 30,000 sq ft in Park Royal within one week of being instructed
Latest 10 Properties
MODERN INDUSTRIAL/WAREHOUSE UNIT - TO LET
Standard Road, Park Royal, London, NW10 6DF
29,774 SQ FT (2,766 SQ M)
RARE FREEHOLD INDUSTRIAL / WAREHOUSE (NEAR PARK ROYAL)
Water Road, Wembley, Middlesex, HA0 1HX
16,747 SQ FT (1,556 SQ M)
STORAGE/DEVELOPMENT LAND (STPP) - FOR SALE
Great South West Road, Hounslow, TW4 6NF
37,462 SQ FT (3,480 SQ M)
INCOME PRODUCING FREEHOLD HQ INDUSTRIAL INVESTMENT - FOR SALE
Braintree Road, Ruislip, Middlesex, HA4 0EJ
26,542 SQ FT (2,466 SQ M)
HIGH SPECIFICATION WAREHOUSE UNIT - ASSIGNMENT / SUB LEASE
Cowley Mill Road, Uxbridge, UB8 2DB
18,040 SQ FT (1,676 SQ M)
OPEN STORAGE LAND - FLEXIBLE TERMS - TO LET
Hayes, Middlesex, UB2 5NA
65,340 SQ FT (6,070 SQ M)
WAREHOUSE / PRODUCTION FACILITY WITH SECURE YARD - TO LET
Standard Road, Park Royal, London, NW10 6EU
18,520 SQ FT (1,721 SQ M)
PROMINENT HQ / WAREHOUSE WITH OFFICES - FOR SALE / TO LET
Mount Pleasant, Wembley, Middlesex, HA0 1TX
4,853 SQ FT (451 SQ M)
DETACHED FREEHOLD INDUSTRIAL / WAREHOUSE UNIT - FOR SALE
Braintree Road, Ruislip, Middlesex, HA4 0EJ
5,020 SQ FT (466 SQ M)
MODERN TWO STOREY BUSINESS UNIT - FOR SALE
North Circular Road, Wembley, London, NW10 0AB
2,797 SQ FT (260 SQ M)
Previous
|
Next
Request Callback
I want to:
Make an EnquiryLet/ Sell my Property
Can't find what you're looking for? Fill in the form below for a call back.
Are you looking to rent or sell your commercial property, or want an up to date
market appraisal? Fill out the form below for a call back.
(* required fields)
select
Industrial/Warehouse
Offices
Retail
Investment
Development Land
Car Parking
Self Storage
Open Storage
Motor trade
Showrooms
Trade Counter
D1/D2 Use
Hotel
Food production
Pubs/Bars/Clubs
Restaurants / Cafes
Residential
Storage Containers
select
Freehold
Leasehold
Freehold or Leasehold
Short-Term
Leasehold / Short-term
Virtual Freehold
Long Leasehold
Location: Select Map Points
Location Map
X
HeathrowHarrowEalingStaples CornerWhite CityActonAmershamAshfordBrentfordChiswickColindaleColnbrookCranfordDenhamEdgwareEghamElstreeFelthamGerrards CrossGreenfordHanwellHayesHendonHestonHigh WycombeHounslowIsleworthIverLangleyLondonMaidenheadNeasdenNortholtPark RoyalPerivalePoyleRichmondRuislipTwickenhamUxbridgeWatfordWembleyWest DraytonWeybridgeWimbledonWindsorSloughSouthallStainesSt AlbansSunbury
select
Square FeetSquare MetreAcres
to
Privacy and cookies policy
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users. This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications. You can access the privacy controls via links included in every email sent to you. In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Telsar Ltd. For more information about us, see Section 16.
How we use your personal data
In this Section 2 we have set out:
the general categories of personal data that we may process; in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data; the purposes for which we may process personal data; and the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services. We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and employer details. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent. We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include your property requirements, financial information, solicitor and third party relationships pertinent to a commercial property agreement. The source of the service data is you or your employer. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent. We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract. We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent. We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business. We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent. We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users. We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others. We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks. In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy. We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. We may disclose your personal data to Agency Office Ltd identified at https://www.agencyoffice.net insofar as reasonably necessary for the provision of our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, website hosting and the sending of emails on our behalf.. We may disclose your enquiry data and account data to Telsar Auctions Ltd for the purpose of enabling them to market properties that may be of interest to you as per your consent given to Telsar Ltd. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party's use of your personal data. In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
International transfers of your personal data
In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We have offices and facilities solely in the UK. The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the UK. You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data. Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes. We will retain your personal data as follows:
all your personal data will be retained for a minimum period of 1 month following registration of your details with us, and for a maximum period of 1 year following registration of your details with us.
In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
the period of retention of usage data will be determined based on Google's own retention policies.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Security of personal data
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to secure your personal data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data. We will store all your personal data on secure servers, personal computers and mobile devices, and in secure manual record-keeping systems. The following personal data will be stored by us in encrypted form: your password(s). Data that is sent from your web browser to our web server, or from our web server to your web browser, will be protected using encryption technology. You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. You should ensure that your password is not susceptible to being guessed, whether by a person or a computer program. You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential and we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy. We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
Your rights
In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights. Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access; the right to rectification; the right to erasure; the right to restrict processing; the right to object to processing; the right to data portability; the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed. In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest. To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
consent; or that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal. You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by email or written notice, in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 8.
Third party websites
Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Personal data of children
Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18. If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website (cookies used for this purpose are: ASP.NET_SessionId); status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website (cookies used for this purpose are: ASP.NET_SessionId); personalisation - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you (cookies used for this purpose are: RecentActivity); security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally (cookies used for this purpose are: ASP.NET_SessionId); analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services (cookies used for this purpose are: _ga, _gid, _gat); and cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally (cookies used for this purpose are: CheckCookie).
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website. We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. This service uses cookies for gathering information about the use of our website. You can view the privacy policy of this service provider at https://policies.google.com/privacy. The relevant cookies are: _ga, _gid, _gat.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Telsar Ltd. We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 06568729, and our registered office is at Brook House, 54a Cowley Mill Road, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2Q. Our principal place of business is at Brook House, 54a Cowley Mill Road, Uxbridge, Middlesex, UB8 2Qaddress. You can contact us:
by post, to the postal address given above; using our website contact form; by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or by email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
Data protection registration
We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner's Office. Our data protection registration number is Z1990688.
Site Index
Sitemap
Property Sitemap
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Telsar Social
Telsar Facebook
Telsar Twitter
Telsar Linked in
Telsar Youtube
Telsar Google+
11 December 2020
Properties For Sale
Properties For Rent
Popular Locations