http://www.craftmachine.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Website Terms & Conditions
These Website Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) contained herein at (www.craftmachine.com) shall govern your use of this website, including all pages within this website (collectively, the “Website”). By accessing the Website, you indicate your acknowledgment and acceptance of these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the Terms, you may not access the Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
Under these Terms, Craft Machine Works, Inc. and/or its licensors own all intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website. No material on this Website may be copied, distributed, uploaded, posted or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of Craft Machine Works, Inc. Modification of the materials on this Website violates Craft Machine Works, Inc. intellectual property rights. Neither title nor intellectual property rights in any material on this Website are transferred to you by access to this Website, but remain with Craft Machine Works, Inc. and/or its licensors, who owns full and complete title to the material in this Website. All trademarks are the property of their respective trademark owners.
You are expressly restricted from the following:
publishing any Website material in any media;
selling, sublicensing, and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
using this Website in any way that is, or may be, damaging to this Website or Craft Machine Works, Inc.;
using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in a way that causes, or any cause, harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website, or while using this Website;
using this Website to engage in any advertising or marking.
Submissions
In these Terms, “Submissions” shall mean any audio, video, text, images or other material you choose to submit on this Website. With respect to Submissions, by submitting any of the above to the Website, you grant Craft Machine Works, Inc. a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicenseable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material in any and all media.
Submissions must be your own and must not be infringing on any third party’s rights. Craft Machine Works, Inc. reserves the right to remove any of your Submissions from this Website at any time, and for any reason, without notice. Craft Machine Works, Inc. will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future Craft Machine Works, Inc. operations. By access to this Website, you acknowledge that you are responsible for whatever material you submit, and you, not Craft Machine Works, Inc. have full responsibility for the message, including its legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright.
No Warranties or Representations
The information contained in this Website is provided “as is,” with all faults, and without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, all warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Craft Machine Works, Inc. does not warrant that the functions contained in the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Website or the server that hosts it are free of viruses or other harmful components. Craft Machine Works, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of or the result of the use of the material in this site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. The material in this Website may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and Craft Machine Works, Inc. may make changes or improvements at any time. Additionally, nothing contained in this Website shall be construed as providing consultation or advice to you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Craft Machine Works, Inc., nor any of its officers, directors, agents or employees, be liable to you for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website, whether such liability is under contract, tort or otherwise, and Craft Machine Works, Inc., including its officers, directors, agents or employees shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.
Indemnification
By use of this Website, you hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Craft Machine Works, Inc. (and its officers, directors, agents and employees) from and against any and all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Assignment
Craft Machine Works, Inc. shall be permitted to assign, transfer and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification or consent required. However, you shall not be permitted to assign, transfer or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Parents
Craft Machine Works, Inc. strongly encourages all parents to supervise their children’s on-line activities and regularly monitor their children’s use of the Internet. Parents should consider using parental control tools and other services to assist them in supervising their children’s on-line use or on-line disclosure of their name, address or other personal information without parental consent.
Miscellaneous
These Terms will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Virginia, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of laws, and you submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Virginia for the resolution of any disputes.
These Terms, along with the Privacy Policy contained in this Website, constitute the entire agreement between Craft Machine Works, Inc. and you in relation to your use of this Website and supersede all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the same.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms unenforceable or invalid as a whole, and such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Craft Machine Works, Inc. can revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit. By using this Website, you are expected to review such Terms on a regular basis to ensure you understand all terms and conditions governing use of this Website
Craft Machine Works, Inc. products and services are available in many parts of the United States. However, the Craft Machine Works, Inc. Website may describe products and services that are not available nationally.
This Website may be linked to other sites, which are not maintained by Craft Machine Works, Inc. Craft Machine Works, Inc. is not responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites. You acknowledge that Craft Machine Works, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such sites.
© Craft Machine Works, Inc. All Rights reserved.