http://www.cgcc.ca.gov/?pageID=privacy
Skip to Main Content
Skip to:Main Content |
CA.gov
Home
About Us
About CGCC
Commissioners
Executive Staff
GPAC
Helpful Resources
2020-2023 Strategic Plan
2013 Reorganization
Employment Opportunities
Reports
Contact Us
Newsletters
Phone Directory
Meetings
Agenda Email Subscription
Schedule, Agendas & Minutes:
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2000-2012
Opportunities for Public Participation
Gaming/Licensing
Cardrooms
Tribal Gaming
Remote Caller Bingo
Licensees and Registrants
Forms
Laws
Regulations
Recently Adopted, Amended, and Repealed
Regulations
Proposed Regulations
Precedential Decisions
2020 Rulemaking Calendar
Forms
Admin Hearings
Administrative Hearings
Pending Administrative Hearings
Completed Administrative Hearings
Privacy Policy
The California Gambling Control Commission (Commission) values your privacy rights and places strict controls on the gathering and use of personally identifiable data. Your personal information is not disclosed, made available, or otherwise used for purposes other than those specified at or before the time of collection, except with your consent or as authorized by law or regulation.
Privacy concerns specific to the Commission are as follows:
The Commission will only gather information through lawful means. Subsequent use of the information is limited to purposes not inconsistent with the purpose(s) given at the time of collection. California law permits that some information submitted or accessed by you may become public record under the Public Records Act.
Meeting records and a file of applications for licenses are generally open to public inspection.
Many records held by the Commission are exempt from disclosure under Chapter 3.5 (commencing with Section 6250) of Division 7 of Title 1 of the Government Code.
The exempt records can contain personal, financial and confidential information. The Commission maintains the highest security standards to protect all confidential information in its custody.
Information gathered under the State/Tribal Compacts is restricted and protected by law from disclosure.
The Commission exercises the utmost care in the preservation and confidentiality of any and all information received from the Tribes.
Internet mail is a communication tool; however, any data you send via Internet mail is not secured or encrypted.
Do not send any confidential or personal information via Internet mail such as your social security number, account number, credit card number, or other data that could be compromised.
If you visit another Web site using a link from the Commission's Web site, you become subject to the privacy policy and conditions of that Web site. The Commission will not be held liable for information or practices observed by other Web sites that provide access links from this Web site.
When you view information on the Commission's website, some non-confidential data may be collected, such as the time and date of access and where you went during your visit. The Web site may place and subsequently retrieve simple text files called "cookies" that identify you and your computer to our Internet site. Cookies do not contain personal or confidential information about you and will only be used to monitor activity on this Web site.
The Commission secures all personal information against loss, damage, modification, unauthorized access, or disclosure as required by federal and California Law, and the State Administrative Manual policy. Information provided by you will be protected by the appropriate computer, network, and Internet technical security controls at the employee and departmental level to prevent unauthorized access.
Commission employees will only use personal information submitted by you to perform the duties pursuant to the Gambling Control Act.
Commission employees are educated regarding the requirements of working with confidential and personally identifiable information as well as the consequences of misuse. The Commission will not sell or distribute your personal information to any non-governmental entity without your consent or as authorized by law or regulation.
The Commission does not store or use personal information submitted by you any longer than necessary and in accordance with state-approved record retention schedules. If the data is no longer required, your personally identifiable information is destroyed via purging, magnetic degaussing/erasing, shredding and/or other means of authorized confidential destruction.
Information on this Web site is public domain and may be copied and used as permitted by law, with the exception of pictures and official symbols. While the Commission attempts to maintain a high degree of accuracy, the Commission will not be held liable for errors or omissions that may occur.
As a public agency, the Commission understands the importance of maintaining your privacy and will make every attempt to maintain your confidence and trust regarding the collection and use of your personal information.
This policy is developed and maintained in accordance with the Information Practices Act of 1977 (Title 1.8 [commencing with Section 1798] of Part 4 of Division 3 of the Civil Code), Sections 11015.5 and 11019.9 of the Government Code.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact:
Privacy Officer
California Gambling Control Commission
2399 Gateway Oaks Drive, Ste 220
Sacramento, CA 95833-4231
Back to Top | E-mail Webmaster | Disclaimer | Accessibility |
Conditions of Use |
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 State of California