http://www.tahitiannoni.com/en-us/privacy-policy
Thank you for your interest in our products. Please fill out the form below to request the product in your market and be notified when it is available.
First Name
Last Name
Email
There was an error. Please try again.
Did you mean ?
NO
YES
This email is invalid.
Would you like to use it anyways?
NO
YES
Request Product
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is of utmost important to us. NABC, Inc. fully understands our customers’ concerns regarding the privacy of the information they share with us. We hold our customers, and the information they share with us, in the highest regard. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is properly safeguarded and to complying with all applicable federal and state privacy laws. Please read our Privacy Policy for a better understanding of the measures that we take to protect you and the information you share with us.
The following Privacy Policy describes information and privacy practices for NABC, Inc..
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, NABC, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with NABC, Inc., NABC, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of NABC, Inc. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, NABC, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
This Privacy Policy strives to encourage and maintain trust between you and NABC, Inc.. As part of that trust, this Privacy Policy will tell you about: what information we collect; how information is used and protected; how we may share information; choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information; future changes to the Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
NABC, Inc. collects information about you to provide the best products and services possible. We are fully committed to improving the shopping experiences both at NABC, Inc. retail locations and online.
Information We Collect.
NABC, Inc. collects and may store any information you enter on our website, provide us in our retail stores, or submit to NABC, Inc. in any other way. For example, we collect information that you provide when you create an Account on our website, make an online or in-store purchase from us, send us an e-mail or call us, enter a contest, or participate in a survey. This information may include:
Your name.
Your mailing address.
Your e-mail address.
Your phone number.
Your credit card number.
On our website, there is an option to “Refer a Friend” about a product or service that we offer. If you use NABC, Inc.’s “Refer a Friend” feature, we will use the e-mail address per your instructions to send your e-mail message to your friend. We will not use the e-mail address of your friend for any other purpose.
Information from other sources.
NABC, Inc. may receive information about you from other sources. These other sources may help to improve the quality or personalization of services that we provide to you.
Automatic information.
We also receive and store certain types of information when you interact with our website. Like many websites, we use “cookies” to obtain information when your web browser accesses our website. The purpose of “cookies” is to help us recognize you as you use or return to our website so that we can provide a more personalized shopping experience for you. The “cookie” is also used to keep items in your shopping cart between visits. Please note, however, that you do not need to enable cookies to browse or shop.
Our web server automatically collects clickstream information such as the address (or URL) of the website that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you visit on our site, which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you may have entered on our site, among other things.
Our website may also use other technologies to track which pages our visitors view. This anonymous clickstream data provides our customers with a better, more secure shopping experience and helps NABC, Inc. understand how visitors use our website.
How is information used and protected?
Our goal is to provide our customers with the highest level of service possible. From your first visit to our website to the delivery of your order, we want you to be completely satisfied with the experience without compromising your privacy. By collecting information, we can offer you features, such as our Shopping Account (which saves you time during the order process), and a more customized website that better reflects your individual preferences.
Usage of Information
NABC, Inc. uses your information to provide requested products and services to you and to support general business operations. Some examples of such usage includes:
To fulfill and process your orders and communicate with you regarding those orders.
To schedule your deliveries.
To service products.
To send marketing communications.
To open and service your Shopping Account.
To provide high-quality customer service.
To help us improve and customize what we offer to you, our website and our advertising.
To send you information about our products, services and promotions.
To protect the security and integrity of our websites and our business.
To process credit card information.
Protection of Information.
NABC, Inc. also protects your information from loss, misuse or alteration while it is under NABC, Inc. control. Protection of your information is a priority at NABC, Inc. We have adopted reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control both online and in our store.
When you enter personal information on our website, the information is protected by a security technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts your information during transport across the Internet. Further, your account information is only accessible with the password you choose when you open a Shopping Account. Please maintain the confidentiality of this password in order to ensure the protection of your account information.
How may information be shared?
NABC, Inc. does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. NABC, Inc. may share your personal information under the following limited circumstances:
Service Providers
We may provide your information to a third party in the process of fulfilling an order for products or services you have placed with us. For example, we may provide your address to the shipping carrier where you have requested shipment for a purchase. NABC, Inc. only shares the necessary information to third parties to provide the requested products or services in your order.
Legal Requirements and Safety of our Business and Others
NABC, Inc. may share information in other special circumstances. We may disclose information where we have a good faith belief that disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or where we believe disclosure is necessary to protect you, to comply with legal processes or authorities, to respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of NABC, Inc. its customers, its associates or the public.
Marketing Purposes
NABC, Inc. may share information with carefully selected vendors and business partners who may share offers and opportunities with you based on your interests.
What are your choices regarding information?
NABC, Inc. wants to communicate with you to inform you of product specials, changes to our website, contests and surveys, or other information we think may be of interest to you. Similarly, carefully selected vendors or business partners may want to communicate with you to inform you of special offers or opportunities.
If you do not wish to receive certain information or request that your information not be shared with third parties, please e-mail: Contactus@newagebev.us. Please be sure to include your full name, the types of communication you would like to receive or not receive, and your related contact information. Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from NABC, Inc. you may still be contacted for transactional purposes. Some examples include request for customer service or questions regarding your order.
Updating or Correcting Information
If you have created a Shopping Account on our website, you may review, update or correct your account information by accessing your Shopping Account with your password.
How will you be notified of future changes to the Privacy Policy?
NABC, Inc. may change or add to its Privacy Policy from time to time. For this reason, we encourage you to periodically review the Privacy Policy. For your convenience, we will post the date it was last updated at the bottom of the Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please email Contactus@newagebev.us
Live Healthy.
Newage.com
uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. You can view our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy for more info.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Cookies
This website uses cookies to remember users and understand ways to enhance their experience.
Some cookies are essential, others help s improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is used for more
inforamtion please visit our cookie and privacy policy pages.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essenitial for enabling user movement around our website and providing access to features such as
your profile and purchases, member-only resources, and other secure areas of the website. These cookies do not gather information about you that could
be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Analytics Cookies
Turn Off Cookies
Turn On Cookies
We use Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies collect information in the aggregate to give us insight into how our website is being used. We anonymize IP addresses in Google Analytics, and the anonymized data is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Marketing Cookies
Turn Off Cookies
Turn On Cookies
We also use a marketing database management program that deploys a cookie when a user interacts with a marketing communication, such as marketing email or marketing-based landing page on our website. This cookie collects personal information such as your name, which pages you visit on our website, your history arriving at our website, your purchases from the IAPP, and the like. Collected inforatmion is used to evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns or to provide better targeting for marketing.