http://www.hificollective.co.uk/catalog/privacy-notice-i-2.html
Welcome to Hificollective, to create an account please register here
xHificollective uses cookies to give you the best online experiences. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Continuex
Skip to main content
Privacy notice
Privacy Statement for Hi-Fi Collective Ltd
HiFi Collective Ltd (HFC)  is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Please read the following privacy statement to understand how your personal information will be treated when you use or register on the Hi-Fi Collective site, speak to a member of our staff or otherwise interact with HFC.
What personal information does Hi-Fi Collective Ltd?
HFC collects personal information from you when you provide it to us directly, or through your use of our website, for example:
Information about yourself and the company you work for, if applicable when you register an account with us or make an order with us. This may include your name and contact details, your company name and company details,  including telephone numbers and e-mail addresses.
Transaction, billing and delivery information, if you make a purchase with.
Records of your interactions with us, e.g. if you send email feedback to our website, ask a technical question, report a problem or otherwise contact us. Please note that if you telephone us, we may record the call for compliance, quality and staff training purposes.
If you respond to one of our customer surveys or enter into a competition.
If you interact with one of our staff at our premises.
We may also record certain details of how you use our website, such as the website you came from or are going to, your device's unique ID, your IP addresses and operating system, adverts you click on, products you search for, products you purchase, and information you download. Marketing emails we send you may also automatically detect whether you have received or opened the email or clicked on a link in our marketing materials. We use this information for our own performance measurement, but also so that we can tailor our promotional messages and advertising to you.
How does HFC use my personal information?
Depending on how you use our website, www.hificollective.co.uk, your interactions with us, and the permissions you give us, we will use your personal information for the following purposes:
To fulfil your order.
To maintain your online account with us.
To manage and respond to any queries or complaints to our customer service team.
To personalise www.hificollective.co.uk to you and show you content we think you will be most interested in, based on your account information, your purchase history and your browsing activity.
To improve and maintain www.hificollective.co.uk, and monitor its usage.
For market research, e.g. we may contact you for feedback about our products and services.
To send you marketing messages and show you targeted advertising, where we have your consent or are otherwise permitted to do so.
For security purposes, to investigate fraud and where necessary to protect ourselves and third parties.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We rely on the following legal bases, under data protection law, to process your personal information:
Because the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, or take steps prior to entering into a contract with you (e.g. where you have made a purchase with us, we use your personal data to process the payment and fulfil your order).
Because it is in the legitimate interests of HFC and yourself / your company, where you are submitting orders on your company’s behalf.
Because we have obtained your consent (e.g. where you contact us with a query, where you add optional information to your account profile, or if you consent to receive marketing from us).
Because it is in HFC’ legitimate interests as an e-commerce provider to maintain and promote our services. We are always seeking to understand more about our customers in order to offer the best products and customer experience. We use information about you to tailor your view of www.hificollective.co.uk, to make it more interesting and relevant in respect of the products and offers on view.
With whom does HFC share my personal information?
HFC needs to share information with certain selected third parties in order to operate our business:
Payment service provider: HFC use Sagepay Ltd  to perform all online credit card and debit card transaction. Additionally we take Paypal payments so information is shared with Paypal Holdings PLC. Rest assured both companies use a high level of encryption.
Accounts software: HFC use XERO for their accounts. This is a highly secure cloud based system
Service Providers: We provide information to our service providers acting on our behalf (for example to companies that provide digital marketing services like product recommendation, statistical analysis, business & operational insight, website optimization), as well as to those third parties involved in the delivery chain (for example freight forwarders, couriers and delivery companies). On occasion, we also share personal information with our professional and legal advisors.
Government Authorities: Where you order is due for delivery outside the UK, we may need to share information with customs authorities both in the UK and in the country of destination. We may also share personal information with law enforcement or other governmental authority, e.g. to report a fraud or in response to a lawful request. When you purchase any television equipment, your details will be passed on to the TV Licensing Authority in accordance with the Wireless Telegraphy Act 1967.
Credit & Fraud Checking: We may share information with credit reference agencies and with third parties engaged in fraud prevention and detection.
Media: From time to time, we may release aggregated and anonymised marketing statistics to business partners, or may use these in press releases, advertising, or published reports. We would only personally identify you or any other customer in such press releases, advertising, or reports with your prior consent.
Business or Asset Sale: In the event that we sell any business assets, the personal information of our customers may be disclosed to a potential buyer. In this event, we will make reasonable attempts to ensure the buyer will be bound by the terms of this privacy statement.
HFC may also disclose personal information in cases where we believe the disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of HFC, our customers, employees or the public, or where we are otherwise legally permitted to do so.
Where does HFC store my personal information, and how long for?
It is our duty to protect all personal data gathered and in order to do this our teams follow our internal data management policies and handle the data with the greatest level of care and expertise available to us. They do this by using various security technologies and internal procedures to ensure that it is kept safe and secure.
We keep your personal information for as long as we need it for the purposes set out above, and so this period will vary depending on your interactions with us. For example, where you have made a purchase with us, we will keep a record of your purchase for the period necessary for invoicing, tax and warranty purposes. We may also keep a record of correspondence with you (for example if you have made a complaint about a product) for as long as is necessary to protect us from a legal claim. For more information about the duration of cookies please refer to the cookie policy.
Where we no longer have a need to keep your information, we will delete it. Please note that where you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we will keep a record of your email address to ensure we do not send you marketing emails in future.
What does HFC do to protect my personal information?
HFC always aim to deliver the highest level of service and security to our customers and www.hificollective.co.uk has been specifically designed with security in mind.
In order to ensure the security and protection of your personal details whenever you submit any sensitive information such as credit card number and account details, we use the following security methods:
TLS - the latest technology to encode and protect your data - which is your guarantee for a safe and secure transaction.
Sensitive credit card information stored on our in-house systems is also held in encrypted format.
Your www.hificollective.co.uk Account Information are password-protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information.
How does HFC use my personal information for marketing?
Unless you opted-out during your account registration and purchase, HFC may send you emails, call or text you regarding HFC products and services
It is likely that some or all of these marketing messages may be tailored to you, based on what we know about you and/or your company, for example from your Online Personal Profile, your previous searches and browsing history on www.hificollective.co.uk, and your purchase activity.
If you no longer want to hear from us, at any time you can:
Unsubscribe from newsletter e-mails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link
Email us at: sales@hificollective.co.uk
How can I access, update, correct or delete my personal information?
You can view and edit your Personal Profile information at any time by clicking on the 'My Profile -Update Details' section in My Account, which you can access anytime through the link in the navigation bar.
If you have forgotten your password, or have any other problems accessing www.hificollective.co.uk, please contact us via e-mail at sales@hificollective.co.uk  01908 635953
If you have a query regarding your personal information which you cannot resolve via your Online Personal Profile, please contact us using the details below. Under UK data protection law, you have the right to access (including in a machine-readable format), correct, and request the erasure of your personal data, and HFC will comply with any requests to exercise these rights in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware, however, that there are a number of limitations to these rights, and there may be circumstances where we are not able to comply with your request.
Cookies
HFC uses cookies and similar technologies to provide the functionality of www.hificollective.co.uk, improve website, and to personalise www.hificollective.co.uk. For more information about cookies, please click the link at the bottom of the page called “Cookie Policy”
Contact Us
Please refer to the “Contact Us” page at the bottom of the page.
You are also entitled to contact the UK Information Commissioner’s Office if you have any questions or concerns regarding your personal information.
Updates to this Privacy Statement
We may change this privacy statement from time to time in order to reflect changes in the law, regulatory guidance or our data privacy practices in compliance with the law. When this happens and where required by law, we will provide you with a new or an updated notice detailing how the use of your personal information is changing and, if necessary, obtain your consent for the further processing.
Subscribe to Hifi Collective
Email *
Submit