http://www.linleygroup.com/privacy.php
Home
Company
About Us
Analysts
Contact Us
Press Releases
Privacy Policy
Guides & Forecasts
Guides & Forecasts
Order Guides
Weekly Report
About Microprocessor Report
Current & Archived Articles
Login
Activate My Subscription
Subscribe to our Report
Free Sample Articles
Purchase an Article
User Agreement
Consulting
Events
All Events & Proceedings
Linley Spring Processor Conference 2021
Newsletter
Linley Newsletter
Subscribe to our Newsletter
White Papers
Search
Follow Us on
Privacy Policy
The Linley Group is committed to protecting your privacy.
We offer products and services intended for employees of technology companies, investors in these companies, and related companies. We encourage our customers and users to provide us with their business information (for example, a business address) rather than personal information. We understand, however, that some of this information is personally identifiable, and we strive to limit its use as much as possible.
If you sign up for our free email newsletter, we collect your name and email address for the purpose of sending you newsletters. We may also send you emails about our events and other products. We provide your email address to a trusted third party for the purpose of sending these emails.
If you purchase one of our products, we collect your name and contact information for the purpose of providing access to the product. We may also send you emails about our events and other products, and we will contact you when your subscription is about to expire. If you receive a monthly paper newsletter, we provide your mailing information to a trusted third party for the sole purpose of mailing the newsletter. If you login to our website, we also track the articles that you access while logged in; we use this information to improve our future articles. We also maintain your purchase history and records of your interactions with our staff, so that we can better serve you on future purchases.
If you register for one of our events, we collect your name, job information, and contact information. We use this information to contact you about the event as well as about our future events and other products. As part of our agreement with the event sponsors, we also provide your information to them; they may contact you regarding their products and events. Their sponsorship enables us to offer free or discounted admission to many attendees.
If you make a payment through our website, your credit-card information is securely processed by a third-party financial institution; we do not receive or store the credit-card information. If you provide payment information to us directly (for example, by phone or email), we provide the information to a financial institution to process that transaction. We do not store credit-card information after processing a transaction.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information about our customers and users. For example, many users access our site without logging in; we track these users based on information received from their browsers, and we often associate their IP address with a corporation that pays for access to our products. We use this information to improve the articles that we post as well as improving other information on our web site. We also collect anonymous surveys of attendees at our events; we use this information to improve the quality of our events. We share summaries of this information with customers and other companies to help characterize the general use of our products and events.
We do not sell our mailing list, nor do we disclose your information to anyone outside of The Linley Group, except as noted above or as required to meet any applicable legal or governmental request. Should you wish to stop receiving our emails, you can click the "Unsubscribe" link, reply to our emails with "unsubscribe" in the subject line, or send email to webmaster (at) linleygroup.com requesting to be removed from the mailing list. You can use the "Manage Subscription" link to change your preferred email address.
If you have a login on our site, you may view and edit your information at any time. From any page on the site, access the Weekly Report pulldown menu and select "My Account" (you must be logged in to access this menu). From this page, you can also control whether to receive weekly emails.
Please send any GDPR requests to cs (at) linleygroup.com and we will comply promptly as required by law.
Free Newsletter
Linley Newsletter
Analysis of new developments in microprocessors and other semiconductor products
Subscribe to our Newsletter »
Events
Linley Spring Processor Conference 2021
Coming April 21-22, 2021
Hyatt Regency Hotel, Santa Clara, CA
More Events »
Press
Linley Fall Processor Conference Showcases Advanced Innovations in AI Chips and IP
Next-Generation of AI Processors Featured at Linley Spring Processor Conference
New Linley Group Study Finds Edge Fueling Next Wave in AI Chip Market
More Press »
© 2020 The Linley Group. All rights reserved.