http://www.pixelimage.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policypiadmin2020-01-22T10:05:45+00:00
PIXEL
IMAGE Ltd
Cookie
Policy
Revised 17/1/2020
We use the
term “cookies” to refer to cookies and other similar technologies covered by
the EU Directive on privacy in electronic communications.
What are Cookies
These are tiny files that your browser places on your computer or device, to
improve your experience. This is common practice with almost all professional
websites and is controlled by your browser settings. Cookies help your browser
navigate a website and the cookies themselves cannot collect any information
stored on your computer or your files. When an internet server uses a web
browser to read cookies they can help a website deliver a more relevant and
user-friendly service. Some of the cookies we use are session cookies and only
last until you close your browser, others are persistent cookies which are
stored on your computer for longer.
Why we use
cookies
We use
cookies to learn more about the way you interact with our content and help us
to improve your experience when visiting our website. Cookies remember the type
of browser you use and which additional browser software you have installed.
They also remember your preferences, such as language and region, which remain
as your default settings when you revisit the website.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
This site offers newsletter subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages, cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
In some cases we may provide you with custom content based on what you tell us about yourself either directly or indirectly by linking a social media account. These types of cookies simply allow us to provide you with content that we feel may be of interest to you.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twiter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
For some of
the functions within our website we use third party suppliers, for example,
when you visit a page with embedded videos or links to third party website.
These videos or links (and any other content from third party suppliers) may
contain third party cookies and you may wish to consult the policies of these
third party website for information regarding their use of cookies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through the following email:
privacy@pixelimage.co.uk
This site uses cookies.
We use non-personal cookies for analytics and some for marketing. There are also one or two to take care of security.
If you click 'Accept' this will allow us to use these Analytics and Marketing cookies. You have full control over which cookies may be set by clicking 'Settings'. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Cookie Overview
This site uses cookies.
You can set your preferences below and read our Cookie Policy.
Some are essential to the operation of the site, while others give us insights into how the site is used and allow us to personalize our services.
Only essential cookies are set when you first visit the site, and non-essential cookies will only be set if you agree via these settings.
For more information visit our Privacy Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled
Essential cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly and securely without them. They can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences, and then some areas of website functionality may not be available to you.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on our website.
Analytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
We use the Facebook platform for some marketing activities, and Facebook will set some cookies for this purpose if you consent.