http://www.anchorbank.com/index.cfm/privacy
HomePersonalBusinessOnline BankingBusiness eBankingServicesAnchor Deposit DeliveryLockboxCredit CardsSecurLOCKLoansAboutPatriot ActId-Theft LocationsContact UsPrivacyMy MoneyZelle
Privacy
More in this Section:
About
Patriot Act
Id-Theft
Privacy Policy
Rev 06/2020
FACTS
What does Anchor Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depends on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balance
Payment history and transaction history
Credit history and overdraft history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customer’s personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customer’s personal information; the reasons Anchor Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal info
Does Anchor Bank Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes:
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes:
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies:
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes:
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes:
information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We Don't Share
Questions?
Call 561-383-3150, 561-383-3170, 561-569-3330 or go to
www.anchorbank.com
What we do
How does Anchor Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Anchor Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from other others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your credit worthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non financial companies.
Anchor Bank has no affiliates
Non Affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Anchor Bank does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include securities broker-dealers
(Infinex) and credit card companies.
To access this website your Internet Explorer needs to be updated.
To get the best possible experience and added internet security using our website, we require you to upgrade your current web browser or install another web browser. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below.
Just click on the icons to get to the download page.
Please note: These links will navigate you away from our domain.
We are not responsible for and have no control over the content or subject matter of these external links.