http://www.pcbexpress.com/privacy-policy
Sunstone will be closed on December 24 and 25 and January 1 to allow employees to spend time with families for the Holidays.
Our support team will be checking in to keep communications going.
Happy Holidays.
Skip navigation
Privacy Policy
Home» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sunstone Circuits provides many benefits to our customers that require the sharing
of private information from our customers. Sunstone takes every precaution to maintain
security measures for our customers.
How do we protect your privacy?
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data
used by our system.
All of our information is stored on a secured server that is backed by VeriSign.
Click on the small lock in the corner of your browser to verify our certification
(note: the lock only appears on our secured pages during the order process).
What personal information do you collect?
Sunstone Circuits LLC., collects the following personal information: Name, address, phone, email, website cookies and payment details.
What is the legal basis for processing the data?
Processing orders, manage account, personalize use of website and post offers of other products and services, and providing marketing materials
Will the data be shared with any third parties?
Paypal (payment processing), mailchimp (email), Screaming Circuits (assembly requests), UPS / FedEx (shipment info), manufacturing partners (as requested)
How will we use this personal information?
We collect personal information to process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, post offers of other products and services that we offer.
We use your information collected from the website to personalize your repeat visits to the website.
If you agree, we shall pass on your personal information to our group of partner companies so that they may offer you their products and services.
We will NOT share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside of this group.
How long will this personal information be stored for?
We will store this information until the customer requests removal or the customer removes the information directly through the website.
What rights do the subjects of the personal information (data subjects) have?
https://gdpr-info.eu/chapter-3/
Transparent information, communication and modalities for the exercise of the rights of the data subject https://gdpr-info.eu/art-12-gdpr/
Information to be provided where personal data are collected from the data subject https://gdpr-info.eu/art-13-gdpr/
Information to be provided where personal data have not been obtained from the data subject  https://gdpr-info.eu/art-14-gdpr/
Right of access   https://gdpr-info.eu/art-15-gdpr/
Right of Rectification https://gdpr-info.eu/art-16-gdpr/
Right of Erasure https://gdpr-info.eu/art-17-gdpr/
Right of restriction of processing https://gdpr-info.eu/art-18-gdpr/
Right of data portability https://gdpr-info.eu/art-20-gdpr/
Right to object https://gdpr-info.eu/art-21-gdpr/
Restrictions https://gdpr-info.eu/art-23-gdpr/
How can the subject of personal information raise a complaint?
Contact customer support or Data Protection Officer (DPO).
Sal Hernandez shernandez@sunstone.com 503.829.9108 ext 226
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. https://gdpr-info.eu/art-77-gdpr/
Your information is stored for your convenience. We periodically send e-mail to
you with helpful information about Sunstone Circuits, your My Account and updates
to this website. In order to meet all of our customer’s needs, information sent
to Sunstone Circuits for order processing may be shared with a trusted partner. Any information shared with these partners
will comply with Sunstone’s Privacy Policy.
How can you opt-out of our e-mail list?
Every e-mail we send to you contains an easy, automated way to opt-out or stop receiving
e-mail from us. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end
of any e-mail sent through this system.
However, please make sure to allow our transactional e-mails if you plan to order
from us in the future. Otherwise, important order information or questions with
your files will not be sent to you. The transmission of unsolicited commercial e-mail
is expressly forbidden from our site.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited e-mail sent from Sunstone Circuits, via
this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please use our contact us
page and inform us immediately so we can further investigate.
International Trade in Arms Regulations
Sunstone has no control over, or knowledge of, your particular use of its printed
circuit boards and other products. Sunstone's products may be subject to the International
Trade in Arms Regulations ("ITAR"), administered by the U.S. Department of State.
By ordering or purchasing products from Sunstone, you agree to comply with Sunstone's
privacy policy, and all applicable U.S. export control laws and regulations, including
without limitation ITAR. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree that you will
not transfer any export-controlled item to any foreign persons without the authority
of an export license, agreement, or applicable exemption or exception, from proper
government authorities.
If you are engaged in the business of either exporting or manufacturing defense
articles or furnishing defense services, you represent and warrant to Sunstone that
you are registered with the proper government authorities in accordance with ITAR
and other applicable laws. You will be liable for all liabilities and expenses associated
with your compliance and non-compliance with this paragraph, and you agree to indemnify
Sunstone from all costs and expenses associated with third party claims arising
out of your non-compliance.
The Sunstone site uses a feature of your web browser known as a “cookie,” which is a small text file that gathers non-personal information to facilitate access to and use of the site. “Cookies” also allow recognition of repeat visitors, track the pages visited, and collect data to help continue to improve the site. Sunstone does not use cookies for other purposes and does not share the information gathered by the cookies with third parties. Most browsers include a feature that allows the user to accept or deny cookies.
File Download
Email:
By downloading this file you are agreeing to receive email regarding software and product updates, industry news and discount codes from Sunstone Circuits. Privacy Policy
Sign-up for SPECIAL OFFERS & unlock discounts:
Your email
About Sunstone Sunstone Circuits® is the established leader in providing innovative and reliable printed circuit board (PCB) solutions for the electronic design industry. With over 40 years of experience ­­­in delivering high quality, on-time PCB prototypes, Sunstone Circuits is committed to improving the prototyping through production processes for the design engineer from quote to delivery. With Around the Clock support, Sunstone Circuits provides unparalleled customer service and leads the industry with a real On-Time Guarantee that is the first of its kind. Learn More
Follow us:
YouTube Facebook Twitter Linked In Instagram
Customer Support
Request Sample Boards On-Time Guarantee Shipping Policy Avoiding Delays Holiday Schedule Contact Us Digital Brochure
About Us
Leadership Team Working For Sunstone
PCB Resources
Circuit Board Glossary
CAD Tools PCB Whitepapers
Case Studies Downloads OneQuote FAQ
PCB CAD Support
PCB123 Download Eagle OrCad Altium
CAD Services Native File Uploads