https://www.idealady.com/privacy/
Home
Blog
Shop
Work with Cathy
Resources
About
Simple Version:
I take all reasonable precautions to keep your data, including credit card numbers and other personal information, safe and secure. And giving me your email address will not cause you to receive a bunch of emails offering to help you lose weight, grow or remove hair, cure whatever illnesses you have, enlarge body parts you may or may not have, and so on.
My philosophy is simple: I treat you the way I like to be treated. I am honored when you trust me with any personal information, including your email address. And I won’t violate your trust.
Thank you. If you have any questions about this policy, please contact cathy(at)idealady(dot)com. Or continue reading for more details.
Version Written by a Lawyer Who Was Paid by the Word:
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://www.IdeaLady.com and related sites. This privacy notice applies to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
* What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
* What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
* The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
* How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Any email you receive from us will include a link where you can change your email address or opt out of future mailings. Or contact us by email to correct any inaccuracies.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only those who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you believe that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at  281-265-7342  or via email.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you may be asked for contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Sharing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Search
Join Me! (Get Free Stuff!)
Get useful tips and techniques to build your business, plus member-only exclusives such as free webinars, as an IdeaLady Insider. It's free!
I respect your privacy & will NEVER sell, rent or share your email address. More than a policy, it's my Privacy Pledge.
Connect with Cathy
Recent Articles
3 Strategies for Quick & Easy Content Creation
What to Ask When Hiring a Ghostwriter
Take a Real Break – Fully Disengage
You Get an Extra Day
Need Customers? Borrow Some!
Categories
Be an Expert
Blogging
Business Cards
Business Start Ups
Cash Content
Copywriting
Creating Information Products
Creative Ideas
Creative Marketing Strategies
Creativity
Customer Service
Customer Testimonials
Dealing with Clients
Email
Getting Things Done
Growing Your Business
Guest Posts
Image
Internet Marketing
Life Lessons
Making Changes
Making Good Decisions
Marketing
Market Research
Monday Morning Messages
Money and Finances
Motivation and Inspiration
Mystery Shopping
Networking
Online Business
Passive Income
Persuasion
Positive Thinking
Pricing
Productivity and Time Management
Publicity
Public Speaking
Running Your Business
Sales
Search Engine Optimization
Social Media
Success
Technology
Working Smarter
Writing and Publishing
Learn About
Mystery Shopping
Book Publishing
Marketing
Becoming an Expert
Free Publicity