https://www.lacroixwater.com/terms-conditions/
Subscribe
Sign up to our newsletter and receive 10% off your first order.
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name
Marketing Permissions
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from LaCroix Water:
Email
Direct Mail
Customized Online Advertising
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
SUBMIT
subscribe now
Terms and Conditions
This website and all subdomains, including blog(s), (collectively, the “Site(s)”) are operated by LaCroix Beverages, Inc., and on behalf of its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies (“LaCroix,” “we,” or “us”). Your access to and use of our Site is subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions“). By using our Sites, you agree to these Terms and Conditions. So feel free to browse the Site, but please read through these terms and conditions before doing so. If you do not agree, you should immediately cease all usage of our Sites.
Description of Service
Our Sites provide information about LaCroix’s products, allow users to purchase our LaCroix NiCola product, and provide different ways to interact with LaCroix through newsletters, blogs, social media, and other outlets. Our Sites may contain text, designs, images, photographs, videos, audio clips, or other content (collectively the “Content”). To the extent new Content, services, or features are added to our Sites in the future, their use is subject to these Terms and Conditions.
Modifications and Interruption to the Sites
We reserve the right to modify or discontinue all or any portion of our Sites with or without notice to you. We will not be liable if we choose to exercise this right. You understand that usage of our Sites may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
Third-Party Sites and Third-Party Content
You should assume that all Content contained in the Site are the intellectual property of LaCroix unless otherwise noted or are the copyrighted property of third parties. LaCroix neither warrants nor represents that your use of the Content displayed on the Site will not infringe upon the rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with LaCroix.
Our Sites may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or any content located on or through, any third-party site. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the Terms and Conditions and privacy policies of each site, which we encourage you to review.
You may download one single hard copy of the Content displayed on our Sites for non-commercial, personal use only, provided however, you may not delete or change the copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained on the Content. You may not modify, alter or change any of the Content or distribute, publish, transmit, reuse, re-post or use the Content of our Sites for public or commercial purposes, including, without limitation, the text, images, audio and video.
You further acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any party other than LaCroix will be at your own risk. And you expressly agree to hold LaCroix harmless for any claims of damage arising from any Content, product, or service provided by any third party.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
Using and browsing the Site is done at the user’s own risk. Neither LaCroix nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site (THE “LACROIX PARTIES”) shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, or browsing the Site or downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site, including, without limitation, damage to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property as a result thereof.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
WITH REGARDS TO CONTENT RELATING TO HEALTH & WELLNESS ON THE SITE:
THIS SITE OFFERS HEALTH, WELLNESS, FITNESS AND NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION AND IS DESIGNED FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON THIS INFORMATION AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR, NOR DOES IT REPLACE, PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS, OR TREATMENT. IF YOU HAVE ANY CONCERNS OR QUESTIONS ABOUT YOUR HEALTH, YOU SHOULD ALWAYS CONSULT WITH A PHYSICIAN OR OTHER HEALTH-CARE PROFESSIONAL. DO NOT DISREGARD, AVOID OR DELAY OBTAINING MEDICAL OR HEALTH RELATED ADVICE FROM YOUR HEALTH-CARE PROFESSIONAL BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU MAY HAVE READ ON THIS SITE. THE USE OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS SITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
NOTHING STATED OR POSTED ON THIS SITE OR AVAILABLE THROUGH ANY SERVICES ARE INTENDED TO BE, AND MUST NOT BE TAKEN TO BE, THE PRACTICE OF MEDICAL OR COUNSELING CARE.
While LaCroix uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on our Sites, it makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy, correctness, reliability or otherwise with respect to such information and assumes no liability or responsibility for any omissions or errors (including, without limitation, typographical errors and technical errors) in the Content of the Sites.
Indemnification
Unauthorized use of the Content is strictly prohibited and is a violation of the rights of LaCroix and/or third parties, including, without limitation, under copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity. Furthermore, you agree to indemnify and hold LaCroix harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Sites in a manner not permitted by LaCroix, including without limitation your actual or alleged violation of these Terms and Conditions.
User-Submitted Content and User Conduct
LaCroix maintains a long standing policy of not accepting or considering any creative ideas, suggestions or materials from the public (“Submissions” or “User Content”), and therefore, you should not make any Submissions to LaCroix in any communications through this Site or otherwise. Nonetheless, if you do send us a Submission, despite our request that you not do so, then such Submission shall immediately become the property of LaCroix and LaCroix shall exclusively now and hereinafter own all rights, title and interest therein. Furthermore, LaCroix shall be free to use any Submission for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the developing, manufacturing and marketing of products. LaCroix shall not be liable for such use or disclosure of such Submission or for any similarities in the Submission and any future LaCroix uses or activities.
From time to time, LaCroix may ask that you transmit to the Site by email your feedback on LaCroix’s products and/or services. Any communication or material you transmit or post will be (a) treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary by LaCroix, (b) become the property of LaCroix and LaCroix shall exclusively now and hereinafter own all rights, title and interest therein, and (c) be used without restriction by LaCroix or its agents, licensees and affiliates at its sole discretion without any obligation, compensation or other liability to you. Such use may be for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting whole or in part, in any medium and in any manner on this Site or otherwise. However, LaCroix shall be under no obligation to respond to any such communication.
Any liability associated with the Submission is the sole responsibility of the person who made such User Content available. Under no circumstances will LaCroix be liable in any way for any User Content made available through our Sites or in connection with any of our social media accounts.
We may not review all User Content on our Sites, so LaCroix is under no obligation to monitor or review such transmitted information and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the Content neither of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy of any such information. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. LaCroix will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing LaCroix to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Governing Laws
LaCroix maintains and operates this Site from offices in Broward County, Florida. These Terms and Conditions are governed and interpreted under the laws of the state of Florida, United States of America. If any portion of these Terms and Conditions is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that part shall be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Changes to the Site
These Terms and Conditions set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and LaCroix with respect to the Site. You acknowledge that any other agreements between you and LaCroix with respect to the Site are superseded and of no force or effect.
Information on the Site is subject to change without notice.
Information regarding LaCroix’s products and services is applicable only in the United States unless otherwise noted. Some products and services may not be available in certain areas. LaCroix makes no representations that the Content on this Site is appropriate or available for use in other countries aside from the United States. Those who access this Site from other countries are solely responsible for compliance with the local laws of that country.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please feel free to contact us by email at info@lacroixwater.com.
Effective Date of this Terms and Conditions: April 23, 2019.