https://www.equimedia.co.uk/cookie-policy?hsLang=en-gb
Cookie Policy | equimedia
Our Services
DTC Solution
About Us
The Team
Careers
Our Work
Resources
Blog
Whitepapers
Webinars
Contact
07974 354040
cookie policy.
What is a Cookie ...
Cookies are pieces of computer code which are stored on your computer and which allow us to recognise the fact that you have visited our website. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable pieces of information and they are not functional i.e. cookies don’t do anything on your device, they simply act as a “label”.
What do we use cookies for?
1. Improving our website:
For statistical purposes only, we track how many individual unique users we receive and how often they visit our website. We collect anonymous data which tells us which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types of users and from which countries. This allows us to see which content is more popular than others and seek ways in which we can improve our website. In order to do this, we use a web analytics tool called Google Analytics.
2. Ensuring our online advertising is targeted and relevant:
From time to time we may engage in advertising on other websites to promote this website. The advertising partners we use may serve ads that it believes are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information about your visit to this and other websites (this information is anonymous in that it does not include your name, street address, e-mail address or telephone number).
In order to do this, our advertising partner may need to place a cookie on your computer. Furthermore, in order to identify that you are part of the relevant target audience, they may identify that you have previously visited this website by using a cookie dropped from this website (this is called re-targeting).
These advertising cookies are typically referred to as “third party cookies” because the advertising and tracking are carried out by a “third party”.
For more information about this type of online behavioural advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this feature off, please visit www.youronlinechoices.com/uk.
How can you manage your cookies?
Browser settings: Most browsers can be altered to prevent your computer from accepting cookies, although this may mean that some of the features of this site (and other sites) will not work properly and may restrict your user experience.
These settings will typically be found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Turn off anonymous Google Analytics cookies: You can install a Google Analytics browser “plug in” to prevent the website sending information about your visit to Google Analytics. More information about this can be found below.
Google Analytics & Privacy
Turn off third party cookies: In order to prevent third party cookies from being dropped onto your browser, you can go to the relevant third party website and generate a one-time “no thanks” cookie. This will stop any further cookies being served to your browser from this third party. The third party used by this website is DoubleClick and you can find out instructions on how to do this on the link below.
DoubleClick (owned by Google)
Other useful links
If you would like to find out more about cookies and their wider use, you may find the following links of interest:
Microsoft Cookies guide
All About Cookies
The IAB has provided the following website to give information specifically about privacy issues around Internet advertising:
youronlinechoices.com/uk
For further legal information about privacy issues, you may find these links useful:
Data Protection Act 1998
The Information Commissioner’s Office
A LIST OF THE COOKIES USED BY THIS WEBSITE:
COOKIE ID
COOKIE NAME
TYPE
LIFETIME
SOURCE
PAGES PRESENT
DESCRIPTION
_drt_
Floodlight – Source
3rd Party
12 hours
.doubleclick.net
Every Page
Allows us to track which website has brought traffic to our website
id
Floodlight – User ID
3rd Party
2 Years
.doubleclick.net
Every Page
Allows us to count the number of times each browser visits these specific pages
_utma
GA User ID
1st Party
2 Years
.equimedia.co.uk
Every Page
Allows us to use the Google Analytics reporting tool to count visits to the website and improve our website (see detail above).
_utmb
GA 30m Session
1st Party
30 minutes
.equimedia.co.uk
Every Page
_utmc
GA Session
1st Party
Session
.equimedia.co.uk
Every Page
_utmz
GA Source
1st Party
2 Years
.equimedia.co.uk
Every Page
_utmx
GWO
1st Party
1.5 Years
.equimedia.co.uk
Every Page
Allows us to test different website designs to see which is more effective for visitors.
_utmxx
GWO
1st Party
1.5 Years
.equimedia.co.uk
Every Page
SN4c247abf925e
Session
1st Party
Session
.equimedia.co.uk
Every Page
This allows us to recognise that you are a repeat visitor so we don’t ask you for information repeatedly.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Opportunities
If you’re passionate about all things digital and are sold on a career in digital marketing, equimedia is the place to be. Check out our Media Exec Grad Scheme and the latest opportunities here - Join Us.
Office
Old Station House, Station Approach, Newport Street, Swindon, United Kingdom, SN1 3DU
Call us
(01793) 715440
Proud supporters of
Fresh from our blog
equimedia Ltd 2020
Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
Send us an email
Email: enquiries@equimedia.co.uk
Call Us
Telephone: 01793 715440
Drop us a line
Book a Virtual Meeting
How can we help
Click a service to arrange a meeting
with one of our specialists
Multi-Channel Campaigns
Paid Search
SEO & Content
UX & UI Design
CRO
Social Media
Analytics
Web Development
Display & Programmatic
We're here to help
During this period of uncertainty we are still operating at 100%. Our brilliant team are working remotely at the same fast pace and to the same high quality. Whether you need support or are an existing client, we're here for you.
Find Out More
X