https://www.contractorresource.com/privacy-policy/
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Codes & Standards
Specifications
State & Local
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Connecticut
Florida
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
New Jersey
New York City
New York State
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Texas
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Handbooks & References
ACCA
AISC
ASCE
ASHRAE
IAPMO
ICC
2021 International Codes
2018 International Codes
2015 International Codes
ICC-Other
NFPA
PCI
SMACNA
Design
Architecture
Interior Design
Landscape Design
Business
Accounting & Finance
Estimating & Cost Data
Legal
Management
Sales & Marketing
Software & Tools
Other
Engineering
Civil Engineering
Land Surveying
Exams & Licensing
Construction | General
Electrical
Green Building | LEED
Plumbing
Mechanical
State
Topics
Accessibility
Alternative
Green Building
Safety
Trades
Carpentry
Concrete & Masonry
Electrical & Datacom
Excavation & Heavy Construction
Facilities & Maintenance
General Construction & Remodeling
Inspection
Landscaping
Mechanical & HVAC
Painting
Plumbing & Pipefitting
Public Works
Roofing
Other Trades
Log in
Privacy Policy
contractorresource.com is owned and operated by the Contractor Resource. By visiting Contractor Resource’s online bookstore at contractorresource.com, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
By doing business with or interacting with Contractor Resource in the manner described in this privacy policy you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the application of this privacy policy to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information, as described.
Personal Information
Personal information is information that can be used to identify, contact or locate you and can include your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, phone number or credit card information.
We collect personal information both to provide a superior customer experience and to administer our business. This information allows us to provide you with easy access to our products and services, with a particular focus on the items and programs that may be of most interest to you. It also allows us to communicate with you about special offers, promotions and other marketing programs and news that may be of interest to you.
The personal information we collect is of two types: (i) information that you provide to us and (ii) information that is collected automatically.
You can browse in our stores and on our websites without submitting your personal information to us. However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may need to provide us with your personal information. The most common of these circumstances include (i) making a purchase, (ii) creating an online account (iii) signing up to receive our email newsletter, (iv) forwarding product information to third parties using our “Email to a Friend” feature or (vi) contacting customer service.
When you visit contractorresource.com, we automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. For example, we may receive and collect (i) the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, (ii) the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, (iii) the date and time you access our websites and (iv ) the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our sites. We use this information to monitor usage of contractorresoruce.com and as necessary for our business. This information does not include personal information.
Like many online retailers, we use cookies to personalize and enhance your browsing and shopping experience. Cookies are small files that we place on your computer's hard drive to collect information about your activities on our websites. Cookies help us to (i) speed navigation and keep track of items in your shopping cart, (ii) remember information you gave us so that you don't have to reenter it (iii) determine the effectiveness of some of our marketing programs and (iv) monitor the total number of visitors to contractorresource.com and the total number of pages viewed by those visitors.
Browsers are typically set to create cookies automatically. You can choose to have your browser notify you when cookies are being written to your computer or accessed, or you can disable cookies entirely. If you disable cookies, however, you will not be able to place items in a contractorresource.com shopping cart and, therefore, will not be able to place an order with us online. Also, by not using cookies, some contractorresource.com features and services may not function properly.
In addition, third party distributors of advertisements on contractorresource.com may also place or access cookies on your computer. If you would like to learn more about the third party distributors of banner ads on contractorresoruce.com and to understand your choices about having such distributors' cookies turned off, please visit www.networkadvertising.org. Please understand that Contractor Resource Inc does not control these third party cookies, and you should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies.
Whenever you click on links and banners on contractorresource.com that takes you to a third party website, you will be subject to the third party's privacy policies, not Contractor Resource Inc’s.
Use of Personal Information
Contractor Resource uses your personal information to provide you with a superior customer experience on contractorresource.com and, as necessary, to administer our business. We may also, from time to time, make certain information available to third party vendors of complimentary products and / or services. Before making this information available Contractor Resource investigates both the third party as well as the offer to be made to Contractor Resource’s customers.
Information Security
We take significant and appropriate security measures, including physical, technological and procedural measures, to help to safeguard your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access and disclosure. In addition, we use industry-standard technology, such as firewalls and encryption in the transmission of certain sensitive personal information, designed to prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal information, and, as technology develops, we intend to take additional measures to improve security.
While we are focused on the security of your personal information and follow strict standards, processes and procedures that are designed to protect your personal information, we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will remain secure in all circumstances.
Information Options
If, at any time, you wish to no longer receive promotional communications from Contractor Resource and/or other third parties we provide many options for opting-out, including unsubscribe links on all email communications. Account holders can opt-out of any communications by logging in to their account and following the appropriate instructions. You can also contact our office directly. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional or third party communications, you may continue to receive e-mails relating to order confirmations, back order notifications, membership information and/or other business-related communications.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, contact us at bookstore@contractorresource.com or Contractor Resource, PO Box 191465, Sacramento, CA 95819.