http://www.optionstrategist.com/policies
Login
About Us
ProductsAdvisories
Analysis Tools
Educational Materials
Money Management
Mentoring
Blog
Contact Us
Shopping Cart (0 items - $0.00) | My Account
Policies
You are hereHome  Disclosures & Policies
Disclosures & Policies
McMillan Analysis Corp. Website Disclaimers
Risk Disclosure
McMillan Analysis Corporation is registered with The State of New Jersey As an investment adviser and with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a Commodity Trading Adviser (CTA) and Commodity Pool Operator (CPO). It is also a member firm of the National Futures Association in that capacity. Our representatives are all licensed.
Firm CRD #: 128920To see our Form ADV, Parts I and II,
Visit https://www.sec.govThen select Check Out Brokers & AdvisersThen Research Investment AdvisersThen, on the left, Investment Adviser Searchand enter our CRD number (128920)
Trading or investing whether on margin or otherwise carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all persons. Leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade or invest you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and ability to tolerate risk. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment or even more than your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with trading and investing, and seek advice from an independent financial advisorif you have any doubts. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
Market Research, Reports and Educational Materials
Any opinions, news, research, analyses, prices, reports, graphs, charts, or other information contained herein is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice or recommendations. McMillan Analysis Corp. (MAC) is not liable for any loss or damage, including without limitation, any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance on any such information.
Accuracy of Information
The content of this website is subject to change at any time without notice, and is provided for the sole purpose of education and assistance in making independent investment decisions. MAC has taken reasonable measures to ensure the accuracy of the information contained herein; however, MAC does not guarantee its accuracy, and is not liable for any loss or damage which may arise directly or indirectly from such content or from an inability to access such information, for any delay in or failure of the transmission or the receipt of any instruction or notification in connection therewith.
Testimonials
Testimonials are believed to be true based on the representations of the persons providing the testimonials, but facts stated in testimonials have not been independently audited or verified. Nor has there been any attempt to determine whether any testimonials are representative of the experiences of all persons using the methods described herein or to compare the experiences of the persons giving the testimonials after the testimonials were given. You should not necessarily expect the same or similar results.
Distribution
This information is not intended for distribution, or use by, any person in any country where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. None of the services or information referred to herein is available to persons residing in any country where the provision of such services or information would be contrary to local law or regulation. It is the responsibility of users of this information to ascertain the terms of and comply with any local law or regulation to which they are subject.
Performance Results
Past performance results for advisory services and educational products are shown for illustration and example only, and are hypothetical.
HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE MANY INHERENT LIMITATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE DESCRIBED BELOW. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFITS OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN. IN FACT, THERE ARE FREQUENTLY SHARP DIFFERENCES BETWEEN HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND THE ACTUAL RESULTS SUBSEQUENTLY ACHIEVED BY ANY PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM.
ONE OF THE LIMITATIONS OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS IS THAT THEY ARE GENERALLY PREPARED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. IN ADDITION, HYPOTHETICAL TRADING DOES NOT INVOLVE FINANCIAL RISK, AND NO HYPOTHETICAL TRADING RECORD CAN COMPLETELY ACCOUNT FOR THE IMPACT OF FINANCIAL RISK IN ACTUAL TRADING. FOR EXAMPLE, THE ABILITY TO WITHSTAND LOSSES OR TO ADHERE TO A PARTICULAR TRADING PROGRAM IN SPITE OF TRADING LOSSES ARE MATERIAL POINTS WHICH CAN ALSO ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS. THERE ARE NUMEROUS OTHER FACTORS RELATED TO THE MARKETS IN GENERAL OR TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ANY SPECIFIC TRADING PROGRAM WHICH CANNOT BE FULLY ACCOUNTED FOR IN THE PREPARATION OF HYPOTHETICAL PERFORMANCE RESULTS AND ALL OF WHICH CAN ADVERSELY AFFECT ACTUAL TRADING RESULTS.
OptionStrategist.com Product Return Policy
Policies for the various product types sold by McMillan Analysis Corp. and www.optionstrategist.com.
Subscription Services
Subscription services can be cancelled at any time for a prorated refund based upon the remaining unused portion of the subscription. If your cancellation is requested within 120 days of purchase you will receive credit back to the original card used for purchase. Beyond 120 days you will receive a McMillan Analysis company check.
Books
Due to personalization, books can not be returned. If a refund is requested and a book is not personalized, it may be returned within 30 days if it is in perfect condition.
Videos
Videos can not be returned if the seal has been broken due to the ease with which they may be copied. If unopened, videos may be returned within 30 days.
CD ROMS & Software
CD ROMS & Software can not be returned if the seal has been broken due to the ease with which they may be copied. If unopened, CD ROMS and Software may be returned within 30 days.  Download purchases (software and seminars) cannot be returned for refund.
Seminars
Regular Online: With advance notice, you can cancel for a refund or reschedule for another seminar date.McMillan's Favorites: Once the .pdf of the slides has been accepted there are no refunds or cancellations.
Mentoring:
Please read the Mentoring Enrollment Agreement for specific information on mentoring policies
** All policies are subject to change based upon a case by case basis. Refunds requested after 180 days will be fulfilled via company check. Please contact us for questions or concerns with any refund Info@OptionStrategist.com.
Option Strategists Privacy Statement
Option Strategist is the sole owner of the it gathers on its site. Option Strategist will only share your information with outside parties in ways that are described in this privacy statement or if we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or comply with a legal process served on our Web site.
What Information is Collected and How it is Used?
Subscribers
We collect contact information such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, and company information such as company name and Web site URL. This information is used to generate an invoice for you to print and submit with the rest of your application materials.
Some Option Strategist products are provided by Option Strategist and a Partner. This Partner may not use your information for any purpose other than to contact you about the product.
Option Strategist will use the demographic data to learn more about the people and organizations that are interested in Option Strategists products to better target our marketing efforts. We may share aggregated demographic with outside parties to showcase the level of interest in Option Strategists products. No personal information will be shared.
This site uses a tool which collects your requests for pages and passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in indexing this site. We control the configuration of the tool and are responsible for any information sent to the search engines.
The personal data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes [details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Newsletters Signup / Ask A Question / Inquiries
We use email links located throughout the site to allow you to sign up for our free newsletters and contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to every one. This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments to improve the site and program, or review and discard the information. Your personal information is only shared with third parties with your explicit permission.
Individuals may also choose to opt-in to receive updates regarding new Option Strategist privacy products or Option Strategists monthly newsletter. If you opted-in to receive product updates or the newsletter, Option Strategist will use your email address to send the requested emails. To unsubscribe from these emails, click here.
Logged Files and Cookies
The Option Strategist Web site logs IP addresses and browser types for systems administration purposes. These logs will be analyzed to improve the value of the materials available on the website. A users session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information.
This Web site uses cookies for identifying subscribers of our servers. This allows us to present user information without requiring the customer to retype the information.This could also include only showing a you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as subscriber-only content areas or your account.
We also use thrid party advertisements on optionstrategist.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use thechonolgy such as cookeis and web beacons when they advetise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google or Investingchannel) information including our IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to vist our site. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes, showing certain ads based on specific sites visited, or re-targeting.
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or thrid-party cookies in your browser settings, or by opting out through the NAI Consumer Opt Out (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/).
Privacy Notice For EEA Individuals
This section covers disclosures on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) for users residing within EEA only. GDPR replaces the existing Directive 95/46/ec, and aims at harmonizing data protection laws in the EU that are fit for purpose in the digital age. The primary objective of the GDPR is to give citizens back control of their personal data. Please follow the link below to access InvestingChannels General Data Protection Notice.http://media.investingchannel.com/gdpr-notice/
Third Party Service Providers
Option Strategist contracts with a third party to assist us in managing certain functions on our Web site, such as sending out our newsletters. Option Strategist only provides third party service providers with the information necessary to carry out the service (i.e. only email addresses are provided to the party sending the newsletter on Option Strategists behalf). Third party service providers do not use the information received from Option Strategist for any purpose other than those dictated by Option Strategist.
Third-party links
This Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Secondary menuAbout Us
Advisories
Education
Analysis Tools
Mentoring
Money Management
Events
Disclosures/Policies
Advertising
Affiliates
Store Help
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
-->