http://www.medkeeper.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Purpose
MedKeeper respects the privacy of our customers, business partners and individuals whose personal information with which we are entrusted. MedKeeper collects, uses and discloses personal information consistent with the laws and regulations of the countries in which the information is collected, and in which MedKeeper conducts business.
Scope
This policy describes the types of data we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit MedKeeper owned websites and our practices for collecting, using and disclosing that data, including data that identifies or can be used to identify an individual. This policy does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with this policy, your choice is not to use our Site.
By accessing or using our sites, you agree to this policy to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Collection and Use of Data
MedKeeper provides online services that our customers use to operate aspects of their businesses. These services include tools for patient care, training and tracking, among others
In providing these online services, MedKeeper processes data our customers submit to our services or instruct us to process on their behalves. While MedKeeper's customers decide what data to submit, it typically includes information about their employees, medical professionals and patients. The dataset may include such things as health, medication, demographic and contact information. MedKeeper accesses and uses Customer Information to provide our services to customers, to correct and address technical or service problems, to follow instructions of the MedKeeper customer who submitted the data, to implement MedKeeper's software in response to contractual requirements.
The technologies we use for automatic data collection may include cookies, web beacons, web analytics. The information we collect automatically includes problem reports, details of visits (such as usage, traffic, location, statistics, logs and access) and information about computer and internet connections (including IP address, operating system and browser type). The information we collect automatically is statistical, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways. If we do, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this policy.
Disclosures
MedKeeper uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to customers. MedKeeper maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal information in compliance with our legal obligations, and MedKeeper may be liable if they fail to meet those obligations
Additionally, we may disclose personal information to affiliates; a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of MedKeeper's assets; for the purpose for you provide it; for any other purpose we disclose when you provide the information; to comply with any court order, law or legal process; to enforce agreements; if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of MedKeeper, our customers or others; or with your consent.
Legal Basis for Collection and Use of Personal Information
The legal basis for the collection and use of personal information if you are in the European Economic Area ("Europe") are the following, as further described above in Collection and Use of Data:
As necessary for legitimate interests not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
As necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
As necessary to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis upon which we collect and use personal information, please contact us.
Data Protection Rights
If you would like to make a request relating to data stored in our system(s) by a MedKeeper customer, you must make the request to the customer directly. We will support the customer as needed in responding to your request. In this situation MedKeeper is a data processor, the legal entity that processes personal data on behalf of a controller.
You have the following data protection rights regarding information MedKeeper has collected:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us.
In addition, if you are in Europe, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us.
You have the right to opt out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Finally, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in Europe, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the U.S. and Canada) are available here.
We respond to all requests from individuals to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable law.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information by the internet is not completely secure. We undertake reasonable efforts to protect your personal information. We cannot guarantee its security.
Data Retention
We retain personal information we collect where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process the personal information, we will delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Inquiries and Complaints
To ask questions or comments about this policy and our privacy practices, including information regarding how to access or update your data or limit its user or disclosure, contact us as follows:
MedKeeper
Attn: Data Protection Officer
7674 Grandview Ave
Suite 250
Arvada, CO 80002
privacy@medkeeper.com
Notice
We may update this policy in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical or business developments. When we update our policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material policy changes if required by law. To the extent permitted by law, your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so lease check the policy periodically for updates.
Effective 11/13/2018