http://www.bcbsri.com/medicare/member/conditions
Skip to main content
Member Home
Member home
Your plan information
Your ID card
Your primary care
Oak Street Health
Do you need a referral?
Exclusive member perks
Billing & payments
Claims
Medical coverage
Dental coverage
Pharmacy coverage
Change your plan
Doctors & hospitals
Discounts & savings
Supporting your health
Wellness
Care anytime you need it
Chronic conditions
Mental health & substance use disorders
Help for opioid use disorders
Your Blue Store
Forms & resources
Look up a prescription
Plan materials
Definitions
FAQ
Mobile tools
Member contacts
Need help managing your health?
Has managing your health taken over your life? We're here to help. As a Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island member, you can take advantage of our Care Coordination Program at no additional cost. A dedicated Care Coordinator will work with you and your doctors to create a care plan and help you on the path to a healthier life.
These examples show some of the ways we can work together as a team.
You get your test results but don't really understand what they mean.
On Your Own
You call your doctor and leave a message. But you're worried about bad news while waiting for a return call.
With Your Team
You call your Care Coordinator and share the information. They explain the results and help you make a list of the right questions for your doctor.
You visit the ER, but you don't need a hospital stay.
On Your Own
You go home with unclear instructions and no real solutions.
With Your Team
After going home, your Care Coordinator works with you to create a care plan.
You're having trouble seeing someone for your health problems.
On Your Own
You leave a message with your doctor, but end up going to urgent care for help right away.
With Your Team
Your Care Coordinator works with the doctor's office, and you’re able to get an appointment.
You're concerned that a new prescription may cause problems with your current medicines.
On Your Own
You don’t want to risk bad side effects, so you don’t take the new prescription.
With Your Team
Your Care Coordinator talks to your doctor and learns that there is no problem taking both medications. You're put at ease and take your new prescription.
Contact us today.
Call 1-844-563-0892 (TTY/TTD: 711) or email care@bcbsri.org.
Let’s talk
BCBSRI is committed to giving you safe and secure options to get the answers you need.
BCBSRI Members
Learn more at an in-person or virtual event
Get more from your plan at a member benefit meeting
Ask questions about your plan
Schedule a video call
Send us an email
Call us
Call the Medicare Concierge team at (401) 277-2958 or 1-800-267-0439 (TTY: 711). Hours: Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.; Saturday, 8:00 a.m. to noon. (Open seven days a week, 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m., October 1 - March 31.) You can use our automated answering system outside of these hours.
New to Medicare
Learn more at an in-person or virtual event
Understand the basics at an Age-in information session
Speak with us one-on-one
Schedule a video call
Send us an email and we'll call you
Call us
Contact the Medicare Sales team at 1-800-505-BLUE (2583) (TTY: 711). Hours: Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. (Open seven days a week, 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m., October 1 – March 31.) You can use our automated answering system outside of these hours.
X
Tell us what you really think
It only takes a moment and your feedback can help us provide better service to you in the future.
Provide Feedback
Not right now
Feedback