http://www.suss.com/en/privacy-policy
Website data protection statement
General Information
Information about the controller
Company
SÜSS MicroTec SE
Legal Representative
Executive Board:
Dr. Franz Richter (CEO)
Oliver Albrecht (CFO)
Address
SÜSS MicroTec SE, Schleißheimer Str. 90, 85748 Garching
Contact details for data protection officer: info@suss.com
General data processing information
Affected data
Personal data is only collected if you communicate it to us yourself. Apart from that, no personal data is collected. Any processing of your personal data that goes beyond the scope of the statutory permission is only possible on the basis of your express consent.
Processing purpose
Contract execution
Categories of recipients
Public authorities in the event of priority legislation.
External service providers or other contractors.
Other external bodies in so far as the data subject has given his consent or a transmission is permitted due to a prevailing interest.
Third-country transfers
As part of contractual execution, processors could also be used outside the European Union.
Duration of data storage
The duration of data storage depends on the statutory storage requirements and is usually 10 years.
Specific information about the website
Use of a newsletter
When registering for our newsletter, you provide us with your email address and, on an optional basis, other information. We use these data solely for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. We retain the data that you disclose in your newsletter application until you cancel your subscription to our newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time via the link in the newsletter intended for this purpose, or by sending us the appropriate notification. By unsubscribing, you revoke the use of your email address.
We also use your email address, which we receive in connection with the sale of a product or service, exclusively for direct advertising in the form of our newsletter for products or services that we sell that are similar to the ones you ordered, provided that you have not objected to having your email used in this way. You may object to the use of your email address at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates. Your objection (and thus the cancellation of our newsletter) can be communicated by sending the appropriate message to our email address.
Website Log Files
When you visit our websites, your browser transmits certain data to our web server for technical reasons. The following data are recorded during an ongoing connection for communication between your internet browser and our web server:
Date and time of your request
Name of the requested file
Page from which the file was requested
Access status (file transferred, file not found, etc.)
Type and version of the browser and the operating system you use
Full IP address of the requesting computer
Quantity of data transferred
For reasons of technical security, in particular to prevent attacks on our web server, we store these data for a short period of time. It is impossible to discern the identity of individual persons based on this data. After seven days at the latest, the data is anonymized by shortening the IP address at the domain level, so that it is no longer possible to establish any reference to the individual user. The anonymized data will also be processed for statistical purposes. We don’t com-pare any data to data in other databases or forward them to third parties, even in excerpts.
Use of Google Analytics with consent from website visitors
This website uses Google Analytics – a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) – and obtains consent to do so from website visitors. Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies,” text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. However, in the event IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Treaty on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there only on an exceptional basis. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services to website operators relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google will not associate the IP address transmitted under Google Analytics by your browser with other data held by Google. You may prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; however, we should inform you in this case that you might not be able to enjoy all the functionality of this website to its full extent. You may additionally prevent the recording of the data (including your IP address) to Google that is generated by the cookie and that pertains to your use of the website, or the processing of these data, by downloading and installing the following browser plug-in available through the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. In view of the discussion about the use of analytics tools with full IP addresses, we would like to point out that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension “_anonymizeIp()” which means that IP addresses are used only in a shortened form in order to prevent any direct correlation to specific persons. For browsers on mobile devices, please click this link to, in the future, prevent anonymous tracking by Google Analytics and to activate a so-called “opt-out cookie” for your browser.
Use of Google Ads AND Google Tag Manager with consent from website visitors
This website uses Google Ads Conversion Tracking – a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) – and obtains consent to do so from website visitors. Google Ads Conversion Tracking also uses “cookies” stored on your computer that allow analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or in so far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will in no case connect the data with other data from Google. You can generally prevent the use of cookies by prohibiting the storage of cookies in your browser.
Google reCAPTCHA
On this website we use the reCAPTCHA feature of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland ("Google"). This function is mainly used to distinguish whether web form request is made by a natural person or abusively by machine and automated processing. The service includes the sending of the IP address and, if applicable, other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google and is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO on the basis of our legitimate interest in establishing individual responsibility on the Internet and avoiding abuse and spam. In the course of using Google reCAPTCHA, personal data may also be transferred to the servers of Google LLC. in the USA.
In the event that personal data is transferred to Google LLC. based in the USA, Google LLC. has certified itself for the US-European data protection agreement "Privacy Shield", which guarantees compliance with the data protection level applicable in the EU. A current certificate can be viewed here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
Further information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy can be found at: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
cookies
Further information and contacts
In addition, you may invoke your rights to correction or deletion at any time, to restrict processing, to object to processing, and to data portability. Here you will find the option to contact us by email or letter. You also have the right to contact the data protection supervisory authority for complaints.
Home
Products & Solutions
Coater and Developer
Automated
ACS300 Gen3
ACS200 Gen3
ACS300 Gen2
Semi-Automated
AD12
SD12
AS8 and AS12
RCD8
Manual
MCS8
LabSpin6 and LabSpin8
success-page
HP8
Inkjet Printing
Automated
JETx-M
JETx
Manual
LP50
Mask Aligner
Automated
MA300 Gen2
MA200 Gen3
MA100/150e Gen2
Semi-Automated
MA12
MA8 Gen5
MA/BA Gen4 Pro Series
MA/BA Gen4 Series
Manual
MJB4
Metrology
Automated
DSM8/200 Gen2
Wafer Bonder
Automated
XBC300 Gen2
XBS300
XBS300 Hybrid Bonder
XBS200
Semi-automated
BA8 Gen4 Pro
BA Gen4 Series
LD12
SB6/8 Gen2
XB8
Photomask Equipment
Automated
MaskTrack Pro
ASx Series
Semi-Automated
HMx Series
Imprint Lithography
SUSS Imprint Excellence Center
Micro-Optics
Remanufactured Equipment
Customer Service
Training
Training Levels
Company
Organization
Locations
Management
Financial Figures
History
R&D
Research & Development
Quality Management
ISO Certificates
Environmental Responsibility
Sustainability
Purchasing
Events
Customer Magazine
Contact
Contact Form
Locations
Customer Service
Investor Relations Contact
Human Resources Contact
Investor Relations
Careers
News
DE
JP
CN
EN