http://www.klhindustries.com/privacy-policy
KLH Industries Inc.
Search this site:
Home
ServicesEDM MachiningWire EDM
Sinker EDM
Small Hole EDM Drilling
CNC MachiningCNC Milling
CNC Turning
CNC Surface Grinding
Waterjet Cutting
Dimensional CMM Inspection
MarketsAerospace Machining
Automotive Machining
Contract Machining
Defense Machining
Electronics Machining
Energy Machining
Food Processing Machining
Medical Machining
AboutCorporate History
Vision/Mission
KLH Advantage
Quality Certifications
Newsletter
Career Opportunities
Contact
RFQ
Home Privacy Policy
Last Updated November 21, 2011
The following online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our web site, and not to information collected offline. By using this site, you consent to our online privacy policy. You may visit our site anonymously by providing no personal information.
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, company, telephone number, and email address) or project information (such as technical drawings) on this web site. Non-personal information is collected according to your internet browser settings.
Personal Information
Request for Quote
If you choose to request a quote through the “Request for Quote” page, we ask that you provide enough information for us to service you. This includes personal information, such as your name, company, industry, address, phone number, email address, as well as project information, such as quote due date, contact method, and technical drawings. Any confidential information provided by attaching a file is done so at the visitor’s discretion.
Note: Project information controlled under ITAR restrictions should not be sent through the “Request for Quote” page. Contact the Sales Department at 877-222-0850 for proper dissemination.
Contact
If you choose to email us through the “Contact” page, we ask that you provide your name and email address so we can appropriately respond to your question. You may also choose to provide additional personal information as well.
Careers
If you choose to submit a résumé through the “Careers” page, we ask that you provide enough information for us to contact you. This includes personal information, such as your name, address, phone number, email address, desired position, and attached résumé. Any personal or private information provided by attaching a résumé is done so at the visitor’s discretion.
Non-Personal Information
We collect certain non-personal information when you visit this web site. Non-personal information does not identify a specific visitor. We collect this information through a common web standard called “cookies.” Browser cookies are small files that a site or its service provider stores on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain sites. These cookies are used to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions, so we can learn how to better tailor our web site to our visitors. You may turn refuse cookies from this web site by adjusting your internet browser settings.
How We Use This Information
The personal and non-personal information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience, improve our website, improve customer services, send periodic emails, and administer content, promotion, or surveys.
We are the owner of the information collected on this site. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise disclose personal information about our web site visitors, except as described here. Information provided on the request a quote form may be shared with other third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. These sites have their own privacy statements, which we recommend you review. We are not responsible for the content of linked sites.
Children’s Privacy
This web site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. We will notify you of any significant changes to our privacy policy and indicate at the top of the statement when it was most recently updated.
Privacy Security
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this web site.
Only employees who need access to personal information for a specific task are granted permission. Personal information is stored on computers kept in a safe environment, although not necessarily owned by KLH.
Contact
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, or would like us to update the information we have on you, please contact us at:
KLH Industries, Inc. N117 W18607 Fulton Drive Germantown, WI 53022
Miscellaneous
Suppliers
Privacy Policy
Contact
Website Terms of Use
Sitemap
Submit Online RFQ
© 2020 KLH Industries Inc.
Contact
Privacy
Sitemap
Suppliers
Terms
Top