http://www.baycu.com/About/privacy-policy.php
Routing #: 263281543
Member number plus 2 digit suffix
Example:
Checking Account # + 10 (12345610)
Savings Account # + 00 (12345600)
WIRING INSTRUCTIONS
RECEIVING ABA# (or Routing #) 262090120
Receiving Institution:
Corporate America Credit Union
4365 Crescent Road
Irondale, AL 35210
BENEFICIARY ABA# (or Routing #) 263281543
Beneficiary Institution:
Bay Credit Union
601 Highway 231
Panama City, FL 32405
FINAL CREDIT TO:
Member’s Name:
Member’s Account:
(6 digits + 00 Savings or 10 Checking)
Member’s Address:
AccessBay Update - Instant Balance
For iPhone and Android users, our mobile banking app AccessBay has just updated to allow you to retrieve your account balances with one button click and no tedious login.  Go there for a cheat sheet on how to setup AccessBay Instant Balance
(5/7/2019)
Privacy Policy
Bay Credit Union Privacy Disclosure
At Bay Credit Union, your privacy is a top priority. This notice describes how we protect the privacy of your personal information. Throughout this notice, the word "information" refers to personal information about you that may not be publicly available.
We collect information about you and our former members from the following sources:
Applications and other forms you submit to us; Your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; Representations made by other people regarding an employment, credit or other relationship with you; Consumer reporting agencies.
We may disclose all of the information that we collect, as described above.
We may disclose information about you and our former members except as permitted or required by law to the following types of third parties:
Financial service providers, such as those that provide mortgage, securities, credit card, insurance services, and market research.
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. To protect our members' privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of the information we provide to them.
We may also disclose information about you under other circumstances, as permitted or required by law.
We restrict access to information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal and state laws regulations to guard your information.
USA PATRIOT Act
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROCEDURES USED TO OPEN AN ACCOUNT
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What does that mean for you: When you open a deposit account, apply for a loan,
added as a signatory to a new or existing deposit. We will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that allow us to verify your identity. We will also ask to see your State of Florida Driver’s license or ID, or Military ID with out of state Driver’s license. We May also ask for other identifying documents.
Federally Insured by NCUA
Bay Credit Union NMLS # 462113
For any issue please
contact us
Privacy Policy
Federally Insured by NCUA
Bay Credit Union MNLS # 462113
For any issue please email
contact us
Privacy Policy