http://www.saloneasy.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The following are the Terms and Conditions of orders placed with Saloneasy.com. Upon ordering from Saloneasy.com you confirm your agreement to these Terms and Conditions.
Version: 1.0Last reviewed: 21/11/2013
Introduction
The Website Owner, including subsidiaries and affiliates ("Website" or "Website Owner" or "we" or "us" or "our") provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website ("website") to visitors ("visitors") (cumulatively referred to as "you" or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
Information on the Website
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price information, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) ("information") and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. The Website Owner reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. You and your company rely on the information contained on this website at your own risk. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
External Links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of the Website Owner. Please contact us if you would like to link to this website or would like to request a link to your website.
Warranties
The Website Owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
Returns
Unwanted hair dryers that are unused can be returned for a full refund or alternative product (an excess may be payable) within fourteen days from the date of purchase. All the products we supply are brand new and boxed, from the manufacturers and are supplied with a full manufacturers warranty, with full details supplied in the box.
On unwanted items, The consumer must arrange return delivery of the item at their own cost. All the professional hair dryers we stock are designed to be used day in day out by the top stylists and have earned a reputation for reliability and longevity.
However, if in the unlikely event that a hair dryer you purchased from us does develop a fault then you can send it back to us.
Disclaimer of Liability
The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Use of the Website
The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction (other than Great Britain). By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
General
Entire Agreement
These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and the Website Owner in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor the Website Owner shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and the Website Owner in respect of your use of the website.
Alteration
the Website Owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
Conflict
Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
Comments or Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us.
Images
All images on this site are reproduced with a view to portraying our products as accurately as possible. Please be aware that designs may vary slightly, from those shown, due to normal design and production fluctuations.
Accepted Methods of Payment
We accept the following methods of payment.
PaypalMastercardMaestro/Switch/SoloVisaVisa DeltaVisa Electron
Buying Products on Our Website
Delivery charges
Delivery charges will be applied during the checkout process, once you have chosen your preferred delivery method.
Product Prices & Availability
We endeavour to ensure that our prices are accurate and our product availability information is kept up to date on all of the products that we offer. Despite our very best efforts, a small number of products may be mispriced or have inaccurate stock information. If a products price is incorrect, we will inform you of the inaccuracy so you may decide on whether or not to continue with your order at the correct price.
If a product is incorrectly listed as 'in stock' we will contact you to alert you of any delay in despatching your order, at which point you may cancel your order. We will do our best to accurately estimate when our items will be back in stock and your ordered items will be despatched and delivered. If
Cancellation of order
You, as the buyer have the right to cancel an order under the Distance Selling Regulations (Download DTI Distance Selling Guide). Saloneasy.com will accept the cancellation of an order providing:
1. The cancellation is received by e-mail within seven (7) days of the Acknowledgment of Order.
2. The cancellation is sent to us by:
E-mail: sales@saloneasy.com
If the goods have already been dispatched when the cancellation is received, they must be returned safe, securely and in showroom condition within seven (7) days of receipt. If these conditions are met, the goods and the cost of return will be refunded in full.
The buyer has a statutory obligation to ensure the goods are returned in a saleable condition whilst in his/her possession and during transit. If the returned goods are received in a damaged condition, we reserve the right to refuse their return or debit the cost of returning the goods to a saleable state.
We strongly advise our customers to return goods in a way that we have to sign for receipt of the package and also retain their proof of dispatch for any goods they are returning.
The goods must not have been used, must be complete with all components and the packaging must be not be damaged. Note that if these conditions are not met we may not accept returned goods; You will be credited with a full refund within 30 days of notifying us of the cancellation.
Delayed/Lost Delivery
If you have not received your order with 5 days of despatch, you must contact us to advice us of the delay or loss of your order.
In the event of a replacement order being sent to you, all replacement item/s will be sent to you followed by a non-delivery declaration from which you will need to complete and return.
Where a refund is requested, the non-delivery declaration from must be returned complete before a refund can be authorised.
The declaration form will be sent to the email address supplied with the initial order, and on receipt; requires completion in full and returned to us.
Should the completed non-delivery declaration form not be received within 10 working days of receipt, then you will become liable for the cost of the initial goods and postage.
Where a replacement has been requested and dispatched, this will be charged to the method of payment for your order if a replacement has already been dispatched.
Where a refund has been requested and the form has not been received in the given time, then the refund will not be processed.
This charge will be refunded upon receipt of the completed non-delivery declaration form if received within 20 working days from the date of receipt for the non-delivery declaration from. Forms received between the 11th and 20th working day will incur a 25% administration fee of the value of the lost parcel and will be charged to the method of payment for your order. Any form returned after this period will be deemed void.
It is your responsible to check that you have received the item in perfect condition before the courier / postal service leaves.
If you have received the item damaged you should record it as damaged and accept the items and also contact the postal company.
It is your responsible to report to us of any damaged items you have received within 48hr after this date we can not be held responsible.
All damaged items should be left in its original condition without trying to repair it or using it in any way. The damaged item should be left in a safe place until we tell you what need to be done.
Shipping Policy
All our items are shipped on a Monday - Firday basis, this excludes weekends and bank / public holidays.
Any order made after 15:00 GMT/BST will to processed on the next working day. Working days are classed as Mon - Fri excludes weekends and public holidays.
Return of Goods
Under Distance Selling Regulations, the buyer has the right to return any goods bought from Saloneasy.com and get a full refund of the price paid for the item and the cost of packing and dispatch provided :
The buyer returns the items and includes their order number or name and address details.
The buyer informs Saloneasy.com in writing or e-mail within 7 days of the date of the Acknowledgment of Order.
The goods must be returned in a saleable condition with the presentation packing in tact.
To return an item, please contact us. Please include the reference number provided to ensure your return is processed without delay.
Please ensure that all returns are securely wrapped and packaged.
We recommend using a posting method that provides proof of delivery as we can not be responsible for return items lost in transit.
We cannot be held responsible for any units that have been damaged in transit.
Goods found to be tampered with by the customer will not be replaced, but will be returned to the customer.
In certain circumstances, faults will need to be diagnosed by the manufacturers of the item before a replacement can be issued.
Replacement or alternative items will be processed as promptly as possible, but please be aware that it may take up to 5 working days to issue the item. If an item is out of stock, it will then become a priority back order to be shipped once stock is available.
Refunds by credit card are made to the same credit card that was used for the original purchase. Please be aware that it may take up to 14 days for your card to be refunded. The above conditions are in addition to your statutory rights, which are not affected.
Replacements & Refunds
Where applicable, replacement or alternative items will be processed as promptly as possible, but please be aware that it may take up to 5 working days to issue the item. If an item is out of stock, it will then become a priority back order to be shipped once stock is available.
If you are eligible for a refund, we will refund you back to the payment method you used when you originally paid for your order. Refunds can take up to 7 days to process. It is your responsibility to notify us of any changes to your card details i.e. you no longer have that account. Please note that we will only refund return postage costs to the value of 2nd Class Royal Mail Tracked delivery - If you would rather use a premium service, the extra will be at your expense.
Any return that is not accompanied with any information will be held by us, awaiting information from the customer. Items that have not been reclaimed by you within this period will eventually be disposed of and will result in the return being completed without action.
Placing an order
To protect our company from fraud or getting goods or service through illegal methods we might ask the users to provide additional information.
We have the right to cancel any order without any notice or without any explanation.
Fraud
Saloneasy.com will not tolerate any attempts to obtain goods by fraudulent means. Any fraudulent action will be reported to the relevant authorities. Please note that Internet host IP addresses are recorded when placing an order online.
Copyrights Notice
All aspects of this web site – design, text, graphics, applications, software, underlying source code and all other aspects – are copyright Saloneasy.com and its affiliates or content and technology providers.
In accessing these web pages, you agree that any downloading of content is for personal, non-commercial reference only. No part of this web site may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior permission of the Website Owner.
Error and/or Omission are to be expected.
Privacy Policy -
To view our privacy policy, please click here...
SIGN UP FOR DISCOUNTS
Sign up
Please view our privacy policy here
HELPFUL LINKS
My Account
Contact us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Shipping
Returns
GET SOCIAL
Follow @saloneasy
SalonEasy © 2018