http://www.hospitalitysearch.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to browse links
Search
Menu
Home
Why Use Us
All Jobs
Our Services
HSI Resources
HSI Downloads
Place a Vacancy
News
Join Us
Contact Us
Shortlist (0)
Register
Log In
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on LinkedIn
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Google+
Call Us On +44 (0) 203 322 9391
Shortlist (0)
Register
Log In
Home >
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice (Article 13 GDPR)
Hospitality Search International is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy notice seeks to explain our approach in line with current Data Protection laws.
Legitimate Interest
Hospitality Search International processes your data when it is in our legitimate interests to do this and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
What sort of data do we collect and retain?
Hospitality Search International retains Personal Information (data) about you to help in the Recruitment process. By applying for an advertised position or in response to a direct inquiry from you we will retain information including your Name, Email Address, and home address. Any other information that you freely give and which may constitute sensitive information is not retained.
How is Personal Data used?
Information given freely by yourself when applying for a position or registering an interest with Hospitality Search International is only used for the recruitment process. We will not divulge any information to a prospective employer without first obtaining your consent to approach a prospective employer.
How long is Personal Data retained?
We will retain your data in our secure database for a period of not more than seven years. From time to time we may contact you to confirm your wish to either continue representing you or to confirm deletion of your personal information from our database. If we are unsuccessful in contacting you then we will automatically delete your personal information from our database.
Where do you keep my CV?
We retain a copy of your CV in our secure database.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your data is kept secure. In order to prevent unauthorized disclosure, we have in place suitable electronic and access control mechanisms.
The Kind of Information We Hold
We are required to collect, store, and use your personal information, this may include:
?       Contact details
?       Right to work documents
?       Date of Birth
?       Emergency contact details
?       A copy of your CV
?       Qualifications
?       Professional memberships
?       Salary and additional benefits information
?       Positions you have previously applied for
?       References
We may be required to process additional information for candidates who would be employed by Hospitality Search International on a temporary basis with any of our clients, this could include:
?       Bank details
?       NI number
?       Tax details
?       References
?       Details of criminal convictions
?       Sick leave details
?       Details of driving license
?       Disciplinary and grievance information
?       Performance details
Deletion of Data on request
You may contact us at any time to request us to remove personal information about you. We will action any request within 30 days confirm the deletion by email.
How do I know what Information you have retained about me?
You may request us to divulge what information we retain about you. This request should be made in writing and should include the approximate date you registered with us and must be signed by hand by yourself, electronic requests will not be considered. We will respond by email within 30 days of receiving your written request. Following your request, we will either delete or make appropriate changes to your data if you so wish.
Your rights in connection with personal information
Under certain circumstances, by law, you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you
Request erasure of your personal information
Object to the processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
How do we send you information?
Following your request for information, we will email you and attach a document in PDF format which will be written in clear concise and intelligible English.
Transfer of Data
Unless explicitly requested by you in writing we will not transfer in part or whole any of your Personal Information to any other party.
Contact details
All requests should be addressed to:
Mr. Bob Smith
Protocol Officer
Global Candidate Vault Lid trading as Hospitality Search International
86-90 Pauls Street
Shoreditch
London
EC2A 4NE
Email: po@hospitalitysearch.co.uk
How do we inform you of Policy Changes?
Any policy changes due to revised legislation or business reasons will be published on our Web page.
Compliance with current legislation and best practices.
Our security operating stance is aligned to the ISO27001:2013 Information Security Management framework and our policies and procedures for data management is compliant with the EU GDPR
Terminology.
Personal Data – data which relates to a living individual who can be identified from those data, or from those data and other information which is in the possession of, or is likely to come into the possession of Hospitality Search International
Sensitive Data – personal data consisting of information as to the racial or ethnic origin of the data subject, political opinions, religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health or condition, sexual life, the commission or alleged commission of any offence or any proceedings related to any offence.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing, and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact the Protocol Officer by email. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, after 30 days we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
Concerns
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, you should raise your concern with us in the first instance or directly to Information Commissioners Office at https:\\ico.org.uk\concerns\.
Contact
Please address any questions, comments, and requests regarding our data processing practices to Bob Smith, Protocols Officer – po@hospitalitysearch.co.uk
Terms
Cookie Policy
Indemnity Agreement
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Complaints Policy
Privacy Notice
Browse Jobs
Bars & BeverageBanqueting & EventChef InternationalChef UKCorporate & SeniorEngineeringFinance & ITFood & Beverage vacanciesGeneral ManagementHousekeepingHR & TrainingIndustrial & CateringMarketing & SalesRooms and FORecreation & SpaRestaurantOther vacancies
Contact Us
Hospitality Search International4h Floor, 86 - 90 Paul StreetLondonEC2A 4NEUnited Kingdom
+44 (0) 203 322 9391
office@hospitalitysearch.co.uk
Or Contact us with
Viber
Whatsapp
© 2020 Hospitality Search International
Recruiter Sites software by HotLizard
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Complaints Policy
Privacy Notice