https://www.stephengeorge.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Privacy Statement
Stephen George + Partners LLP is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limited the use of that information, and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Collection and use of information
We may use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage to help us develop the website and our services and we may provide such information to third parties. These statistics will not include any information that could personally identify you.
We reserve the right to disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, or to protect ourselves or our users.
Use of Cookies – Cookie Policy
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a “device”) browser from a website’s computer and is stored on your device’s hard drive. Each website or third party service provider used by the website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website or third party service provider to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites or other third party service providers.
Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to provide the most relevant website experience. Users have the opportunity to set their devices to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the website features. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
How does Stephen George + Stephen Partners LLP use Cookies?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse your profile when you visit and help us to provide you with a better user experience. Proceeding to use the website will be taken as implied consent for the use of our cookies (given we are only using benign cookies).
A list of the main cookies that Stephen George + Partners LLP sets, with ways to minimise the number of cookies you receive:
Cookie Name:
Google Analytics
Name:
_utma,
_utmb,
_utmc,
_utmz
Purpose:
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
More information:
Google Privacy Overview
How to Manage your Cookies
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit All About Cookies. To control or delete cookies on your mobile phone, please refer to your handset manufacturer’s help manual. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit Google Analytics Opt-Out.
Further Information
Additional information regarding cookies and opting-out is available at Your Online Choices and All About Cookies.
Security of information
You should be aware that we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose, as the Internet is not a secure medium. However, we have put in place various security procedures as set out in this policy. Firewalls, Intrusion Detection, restricted access over secure channels, monitored 24 hours a day are just some of the measures used to ensure the security of the site.
5.    Contact Details
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments, please email us at enquiries@stephengeorge.co.uk