https://www.aerowatch.com/en/general-terms
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Terms of Sale
Terms of Sale
These General Terms and Conditions of Sale apply between Aéro Watch SA, having its registered office at Rue de la Gare 7, 2350 Saignelégier, Switzerland, and any person visiting or making a purchase via the website www.aerowatch.com (hereafter referred to as “the Customer"). Any Internet user can read the General Terms and Conditions of Sale on the website. These General Terms and Conditions of Sale may be subject to change, the applicable conditions are those in force on the site on the date of placing the order. By placing an order, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted, without any reservation, these General Terms and Conditions of Sale.
ART. 1 TERMS
The General Terms and Conditions of Sale define the rights and obligations of the parties in connection with sales made via the website or affiliated sites. These conditions apply to natural, non-commercial persons aged at least 18 years who have the legal capacity to contract. Aéro Watch SA could contact the Customer by telephone in order to verify the buyer's identity.
Aéro Watch SA reserves the right, at its discretion, to refuse an order, in particular in the event of non-payment or insolvency of the Customer. Aéro Watch SA reserves the right to change its prices and delivery charges at any time and to cancel a contract that contains errors in wording, printing or calculation. The data recorded by the payment system constitutes irrefutable proof of financial transactions. After having placed his order, the Customer will receive an email confirming the elements of his order and informing him of the next shipment of the latter within the announced deadlines. This email thus forms the sales contract between Aéro Watch SA and the Customer. If, for any reason beyond the control of Aéro Watch SA, one or more items cannot be delivered within the specified time limits, Aéro Watch SA will notify the Customer via email of the new availability date of the item(s) out of stock.
ART. 2 REGISTRATION WITH THE WEBSITE
When registering the Customer on the site, the Customer must ensure the accuracy and completeness of the mandatory data it provides to Aero Watch SA. He must choose a password when registering to use the Site. This password is strictly confidential and must not be disclosed to third parties. The Customer assumes full responsibility for the use of his password and all orders that are placed, even without his knowledge, using this password.
ART. 3 PRICES
The prices displayed on the site are indicated in Dollars ($) excluding taxes. The prices available on the Site are indicative and may be modified at any time. Only prices guaranteed by a written offer remain valid until the expiry of the offer.
ART. 4 PAYMENT
Payment can only be made by credit card (secure payment or by bank transfer on our Swiss account). When ordering online, the buyer must pay the VAT of the country in which the watch is sent by Aéro Watch SA. Any order placed on the www.aerowatch.com website can under no circumstances be cancelled once the merchandise has been sent.
ART. 5 DELIVERY AND BILLING ADDRESSES
All products over $100.- dollars will be delivered free of charge to the address indicated by the Customer on the order form. The Customer is required to check the condition of the packaging of the goods upon delivery and to report any damage to the carrier on the delivery note, as well as to Aéro Watch SA. Any anomaly concerning the delivery (damage, missing product compared to the delivery note, damaged package, broken products) must be reported to Aéro Watch SA upon receipt. In the event of damage, the Customer must at the same time contact the carrier at the latest on the first working day following the delivery date. Any claim made after this deadline will be rejected. This complaint may be made to Aéro Watch SA via the website under the heading: "contact us" and by e-mail: aero@aerowatch.com The Customer must make any claim to Aéro Watch SA on the same day of delivery or at the latest on the first working day following delivery for any error in delivery and/or non-conformity of the products in kind or in quality with the information given on the order.
The Customer must make any claim to Aéro Watch SA on the same day of delivery or at the latest on the first working day following delivery for any error in delivery and/or non-conformity of the products in kind or in quality with the information given on the order.
ART. 6 DELIVERY TIMES
Delivery times may vary depending on the models ordered. When the items are in stock at Aéro Watch SA on the date of validation of your purchase, the delivery time is approximately 5-6 days (excluding cases of force majeure, transport strikes, etc.). On the other hand, some products (limited editions, watches containing gold, silver, platinum, watches highly prized by the general public, etc.) may require longer waiting times depending on the calendar (Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Christmas holidays, etc.), possible delays by suppliers of spare parts (dials, hands, cases, etc.) to parent companies or an unfavorable purchasing situation on the international precious metals market. The delays can therefore vary from 10 days to 3 months.
ART. 7 TAXES AND CUSTOMS DUTIES
Any order placed on the website and delivered outside Switzerland may be subject to any taxes and customs duties that are imposed when the package reaches its destination. These customs duties and any taxes related to the delivery of a product are the responsibility of the Customer and are the sole responsibility of the latter. Aéro Watch SA is not required to verify and inform the Customer of any applicable customs duties and taxes. For further information, the Customer may contact the competent authorities in his country.
ART. 8 RETURNS
In the event of delivery of an article that does not comply with the order or has been damaged during transport, the Customer must consult our delivery policy (Article 5). To be accepted, any return must be reported in advance to Aéro Watch SA Customer Service. Shipping costs are at the expense of Aéro Watch SA, except in the event that it turns out that the product returned does not correspond to the original declaration made by the Customer in the return form. Under commercial law, no item in a condition as described on the website and without damage will be accepted for return by Aéro Watch SA following a change of mind on the part of the Customer. For more information, please read our page "Delivery and returns".
ART. 9 EXCHANGES
The exchange of the product is possible within 7 days from the date of receipt of the package. If the new order is for a higher amount, the Customer must attach the additional amount (bank transfer) to the exchange request. Conversely, if the amount of the exchange is less than the initial amount, the user shall receive a credit note equal to the price difference for a purchase to be made on the website.
ART. 10 RETENTION OF TITLE
The delivered goods remain the exclusive property of Aéro Watch SA until the Customer has fulfilled all its obligations towards Aéro Watch SA, and in particular until full payment of the purchase price.
ART. 11 WARRANTY AND LIABILITY
Aéro Watch SA undertakes to provide all the care in use in the profession for the implementation of the service offered to the Customer. Nevertheless, Aéro Watch SA cannot be held liable in the event of failure to comply with contractual obligations due to a fortuitous event or a case of force majeure as defined by the case law rendered by the Swiss courts. Liability will not be incurred in the event of delay due to a shortage of stock at a manufacturer or supplier. In addition, in the event of non-substantial differences between the photos presenting the products on the Site, texts and descriptions ordered, Aéro Watch SA shall not be held liable. Aéro Watch SA takes all the steps in its power to provide services in compliance with the present Standard Terms of Sale. It is liable for any direct and foreseeable damage when the Site is being used.
Aéro Watch SA undertakes to replace any defective products. If the latter can be replaced, they will under no circumstances be refunded. The warranties for products purchased on the site are identical to those offered in the Jewelry-Watchmaking sector. In the event of a repair request for a product whose warranty has expired, the prices applied will be those in force, a preliminary estimate may be requested from the manufacturer, for a respective cost of 50 Dollars, deductible from the invoice if the repair is carried out.
ART. 12 LICENCE FOR WEBSITE ACCESS
Aero Watch SA grants a limited license to access and use the Site for personal use. Under no circumstances is the Customer authorized to download or modify all or part of this Site without the express written authorization of Aéro Watch SA. This license does not allow the Customer to use, for sale or any other commercial use, this Site or its content (listed products, descriptions, prices, downloading or copying of information on behalf of another merchant, graphics, images, texts, photographs, etc.). This Website or any part of this Site may not be reproduced, copied, sold or exploited for commercial purposes without the express written consent of Aero Watch SA. The Customer must not use techniques allowing the copying of a trademark, logo or any other information (in particular images, text, models) owned by Aéro Watch SA without the express written consent of the latter.
ART. 13 COMMENTS, CRITICISMS, COMMUNICATIONS AND CONTENT
Users of the site may send us reviews, comments or other content; Submit suggestions, ideas, questions or other information as long as such content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, in violation of intellectual property rights, or harmful to third parties and does not consist of or contain computer viruses, political activism, commercial solicitations, mass mailing, channels or any other form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or lie about the origin of the content. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to remove or modify any content.
ART. 14 PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
These General Terms and Conditions of Sale are subject to Swiss law on contracts for the international sale of goods. All disputes relating to the commercial relationship between the Customer and Aéro Watch SA are subject to the jurisdiction of the Swiss courts and exclusively that of the Cantonal Court of the Canton of Jura in Porrentruy, the registered office of Aéro Watch SA being located in Saignelégier (JU) Switzerland.
Loading...
Legal notice
General terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2019 AEROWATCH
Design by procab studio