https://www.concretecanvas.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy for www.concretecanvas.com and associated domains.
Here at Concrete Canvas Ltd, we are wholly committed to maintaining our relationships with our website visitors, by maintaining the trust and confidence you give us. We are not in the business of buying, selling, renting or trading any email lists or other data with other companies, businesses or persons for marketing purposes. This Privacy Policy has been produced using a resource provided by Thrive, found at https://wewillthrive.co.uk/resources/toolkits-templates/gdpr-build-your-own-privacy-notice. In this Privacy Policy, we provide you with a detailed outline of when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we might disclose it to others, and how we keep it safe.
Information we collect
In running and maintaining our website and services, we may collect and process the following personal data from our website visitors:
i. Information about your use of our website and services provided through our website. Please refer to our Cookies and Google Anaytics sections for more on this.
ii. Information provided voluntarily by you. Please refer to the Mailing Lists and Account Registration sections for more on this.
iii. Information you provide through any other means of communication with us.
Cookies
Our website uses Cookies to collect data from visitors. This data includes information about your browsing while using our website including pages you visit, the amount of time you spend on our site, and whether you directly engage with our content (e.g. using information provided on our ‘Contact Us’ page to email or call us through the website or downloading content we provide for your use (e.g. User Guides, case studies, and so on). Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. The data we gather will not identify you personally, and you are entitled to decline or delete cookies from our website as you wish.
Google Analytics
When someone visits www.concretecanvas.com and associated websites, we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to gather standard information and details about visitor behaviour. This data allows us to monitor things like how many visitors our site receives, and which parts of the website are most visited. This information is processed by Google Analytics in such a way that we are only able to see visitors in figures and data groups. We are not able to identify individuals, and we do not make, and do not allow Google to make any attempt to find out the identities of our visitors.
Mailing Lists
The registration process for our e-newsletter collects personal information. This information is used to ensure we are sending you the information and news you want to receive; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are correct and to ensure you are happy and satisfied with the services we provide.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletters. Through MailChimp, we gather statistics around email opening and click rates to help us monitor and improve our newsletters and ensure those who receive it are seeing information they are interested in. You can unsubscribe from our newsletters and mailing list, or update your preferences and tell us what information you would like to receive at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘update your preferences’ links at the bottom of any one of our newsletters.
Account Registration
In registering for an account through our website to download restricted content, you are providing consent for us to store and access the data you provide on signing up through a secure back-end Content Management System (CMS) on our website. This CMS is only accessible by a selected number of personnel within Concrete Canvas Ltd and the small design team at UpriseVSI who are responsible for the technical upkeep of the website. We will not share your data with anyone outside of these approved personnel unless we feel it would be beneficial to you and your customer experience with us. In this event, your data will only be shared with Concrete Canvas personnel within our Sales department. Should you then be contacted by one of our Sales team, you are entitled to request that no further contact should be made in this manner.
Storing your personal data
In operating our website, it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We do our upmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated stored securely. Unfortunately, the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
We apply time restriction to stored personal data. If no business is achieved and there is no interest in our offers, your personal data will get removed from our systems after 4 years.
Disclosing your information
We may share your information with persons within our company to ensure you receive the best service possible from us. For example, if you contact us to find out more about our products, we may pass your contact details and enquiry onto someone who is best placed to provide you with the information you require.
On occasion, we will include links within our website that may take you to websites not directly affiliated with Concrete Canvas Ltd, namely our partners or companies and persons we have worked with. Where these links are provided, we do not endorse, approve or have any control over the destination sites’ Privacy and Cookie policies. You should review their Privacy Policies before sending them any data.
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
i. In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer
ii. Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information
iii. To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Accessing your personal information
You are fully entitled to request access to and amend the personal data we hold. You are also entitled to request that we delete your information. Please email your requests info@concretecanvas.com.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice was last reviewed in May 2018. We may review and amend this policy at any time, however, we plan to review our Privacy Policy annually, with the next review scheduled to take place in May 2019.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy at info@concretecanvas.co.uk.
×
To access Technical Certification and Drawings, please enter your email address below. If you've not already signed up, you'll be sent an email allowing you to do so.
Email Address *
Please verify your email address before continuing. If you haven't received a verification email, please contact us.
Close and Start Again
Please check your inbox for a verification email. Once verified, you'll be able to access the downloads.
Enter Email Address Again
Home
Product
Application
Downloads
News
About us
Contact
+44 (0) 345 680 1908
info@concretecanvas.com
Follow Us
Instagram
Youtube
Linkedin
Facebook
Site Map
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Join our mailing list
Patent & Trademark Info
Scroll to top
This website uses Cookies.
Like most other websites Concrete Canvas uses cookies.
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognise your repeat visits and preferences, as well as to measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and analyse traffic. To learn more about our use of cookies, view our Privacy Policy.
By clicking ‘I Accept’ or closing this banner and using our site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them.
OKLearn More
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable google webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable google maps.
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.