https://www.talismanfashion.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
+44 (0)203 174 1679
info@talismanfashion.com
TwitterFacebookInstagramLinkedIn
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
This policy explains the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data and keep it safe.
It’s likely that we’ll need to update this information from time to time. We’ll notify you of any significant changes, and you’re welcome to come back and check it whenever you wish.
Explaining the legal bases, we rely on:
The law on data protection sets out several different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, when you forward your CV or a vacancy profile to us or tick a box indicating your consent
Contractual obligations
In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data. IE passport or Visa information to confirm your right to live and work within the UK or another country.
Legitimate interest
If you have been involved with a recruitment process with Talisman Fashion it may be necessary for us to retain data in relation to this, which does not impact your rights.
We may use your address details to send you direct marketing information by email or post, to advise about our services or a specific career opportunity that we think might interest you.
When do we collect your personal data?
When you provide information to Talisman Fashion be this for a Recruitment Search for the company you represent or to support you with your next career move.
When we receive your data through our website or through other websites that we use for marketing purposes. Or when you engage with us via social or business media sites. Or when you contact us directly through a recommendation or another source.
By providing this information to us you are consenting to your personal information being collected and stored. We will acknowledge receipt and ask for you to re confirm that your wish to be on our database for the purpose of a recruitment search or personal career search.
The Information we require to assist you either as a Client or as a Candidate
To assist you with your career, search the data stored will include but is not restricted to:
Name and most recent position (job title)
Contact information which will include email address, telephone number place of residence with postal code
Copies of documents you provide for the purpose of identity such as a passport or driver’s licence.
If a passport this will include details of your full name address, date of birth, gender and nationality
Information provided by you in connection with a specific recruitment project OR personal information such as career history and salary requirements.
Information gathered by use of cookies in your web browser.
So that you can make full use of the features on our website, your computer, mobile phone or other device will need to accept cookies.
What we do with the information we receive
This information is used in the recruitment process either in the case of a client company for the purpose of sourcing potential candidates OR to support you as a candidate with your career search. Information is kept securely on our database
We may occasionally email, telephone or text about new opportunities or updates, or other marketing information which we believe you may find of interest. Or changes to our services.
We will do this on the basis of our legitimate business interest or for communication required by law.
You are free to opt out of receiving information from us at any time and can do so by  emailing us at info@talismanfashion.com and quoting ‘unsubscribe ‘ in the subject.
How we protect your personal data
We understand data security is important to you and all information received is kept securely on our database via up to date technology. Access is limited to employees of Talisman Fashion and GDPR compliant 3rd parties.
How long do we retain information for?
It is usual to retain information for at least 12 months or for as long as necessary for the purpose it was collected.  If there has not been contact within 24 months Talisman Fashion will request an update. The nature of recruitment is such that it is common to keep up to date and in contact over a number of years and for the candidate throughout a career. With your explicit consent we can update and retain your personal details until you wish to delete your records from our database. Otherwise your data will be deleted.
Who Do We Share Your Data with?
We will only forward information you have provided with your consent to third parties IE vacancy profiles/ company information or a Curriculum Vitae.
Additional third parties may have some access to data. IE our IT provider and Database Provider. All our providers are GDPR compliant.
If there is a requirement we may need to disclose your personal data to the police or other regulatory government body in your country of origin or elsewhere upon a valid request to do so.
What Are your Rights over Personal Data Held
You have the right to request: access to the personal data we have.
To correct incorrect data.
Withdraw consent and request we stop using your personal data for direct marketing through specific or all channels.
Request to have personal data amended
If you have employment information/history that requires up dating, please advise Talisman Fashion by email and we will update within one week of receiving the up dated information and or CV as appropriate.
Under GDPR you have the right to ask for access to your personal information. Once Talisman Fashion have verified your identity we will provide the information you requested within 10 days.
In the unlikely event your personal data stored is inaccurate, you must advise us immediately. We will amend your personal registration and confirm the changes.
If you wish your information to be updated on our Database, you should contact us at  info@talismanfashion.com
Request to have personal data removed or deleted
You can contact Talisman Fashion at any time to request removal of personal data and once acknowledged we will confirm that this has been carried out within 10 days.  Should there be a legitimate reason for some or all of your data being retained IE If you have been involved with a recruitment process through Talisman Fashion it may be necessary to retain some data. If this is the case, we will advise you
If you wish your information to be deleted from our Database you should contact us at  info@talismanfashion.com  and quote ‘unsubscribe ‘ in the subject.
Direct Marketing By clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you.
Or contact us at  info@talismanfashion.com  and quote ‘unsubscribe ‘ in the subject.
Or by writing to us at the address indicated.
For Non-UK Residents
By using our services or providing your personal data to us, you expressly consent to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf. Of course, you still have the right to ask us not to process your data in certain ways, and if you do so, we will respect your wishes.
Sometimes we’ll need to transfer your personal data between countries to enable us to provide the recruitment services requested. In the ordinary course of business, we may transfer your personal data from your country of residence to ourselves and to third parties located in the UK.
Notification of Breaches
Talisman Fashion is aware of our responsibility to protect your information and to only share details with third parties upon receipt of your consent.  Our database of information is fully protected and only relevant Talisman Fashion staff and consultants have access to the personal information stored
In the unlikely event that our computer systems are compromised and there is a potential loss of confidentiality we will report this breach to you
If you have a complaint about the way your data is stored or handled by Talisman Fashion
Please contact us at info@talismanfashion.com
Alternatively, you can write to us at:
Talisman Fashion, 53 Chandos Place, London WC2N 4HS
Copyright Talisman Fashion 2020 - All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy - Terms & Conditions
Back To Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy