https://www.wrapid.co.uk/wrapid-corporate/privacy-notice
Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd - Privacy Notice
Skip To Content
Privacy
Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd provides packaging and packaging services to customers including those in the Greeting card, Food and Electronics industries.
We are committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you.
By using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website and do not collect personal data when you access www.wrapid.co.uk
“personal data” means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as: “any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
What data do we collect?
If you make an enquiry or place an order with us
We may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data from you:
Name
Company name
Job title
Contact information such as address, business email address and telephone numbers
Details relevant to your method of payment
How we use your information when supplied to us.
Any and all personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with our obligations and safeguard your rights under the GDPR at all times.
Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, or because it is in our legitimate interests. Specifically, we may use your data for the following purposes:
Supplying our products and/or services to you to your requirements;
Replying to emails from you;
Market research;
We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by business email, telephone, or post with information, news and offers on our products and services. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that we fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
Whenever we process data for our legitimate interest we always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights. Our legitimate business interests do not automatically override your interests - we will not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or
permitted to by law).
As stated we will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Data will therefore be retained as follows:
Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
We will normally keep business data whilst our trading relationship is active then for a further 7 years where recorded to meet legislation requirements.
When personal data is no longer required, all reasonable steps will be taken to erase or otherwise dispose of it without delay.
How and where do we store your data?
We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described above, and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it.
Your data will only be stored in the UK.
We do not use personal data for profiling or automatic decision making
Data security is very important to us, and to protect your data we have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected using firewall and secure access controls physical and electronic.
Will Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd share my data with anyone else?
We may pass your data on to third-party service providers contracted to Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd in the course of dealing with you. For example we may supply your address to carriers for delivery of goods that you have purchased.
Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide you on our behalf.
We will never pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party, unless we are legally required to.
Your rights
Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd, at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed.
If we do hold personal data about you, you can request the following according to your rights under the GDPR, which this Privacy Notice and our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
What personal data we hold, how it was collected, the legal basis for processing and how long we retain data for.
Access to the personal data we hold about you;
Rectification if any personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete;
You can request the right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask us to delete any personal data we hold about you (we only hold your personal data for a limited time, as explained below but if you would like us to delete it sooner, please contact us using the details within this Notice);
Restriction of the processing of your personal data;
Obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
You can object to us using your personal data for particular purposes;
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details provided in this Notice and we will do our best to solve the problem for you.
If we are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested:
Passport
Driving licence
Our data protection representative is Vanda Seed who can be contacted by telephone on 01274 220251 by email on vanda.seed@wrapid.co.uk or by post to Wrapid Manufacturing Ltd, 250 Thornton Road, Bradford BD1 2LB.
We will reply to all requests within 30 days
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on the Web Site We recommend that you check this site regularly to keep up-to-date.
Get In Touch
NameThis field is required.*
Email AddressThis field is required.*
Telephone NumberThis field is required.*
EnquiryThis field is required.*Terms and conditionsThis field is required.*
I can confirm that I have read the customer Privacy Notice and by clicking here agree to its terms and conditionsYou can find our privacy policy on our  privacy notice page  (opens in a new tab).Fields marked with an * are required.Send