http://www.huronconsultinggroup.com/legal/cookies-policy
Cookies Policy
This cookies policy describes the way in
which any website ("Site") operated by Huron Consulting Group Inc. and/or
any of its affiliates ("Huron") stores or accesses information on the
device that you use in order to access the Site.
By using the Site, you are providing your
consent to Huron storing and using cookies and web beacons in accordance with
this cookies policy.  However, you can
adjust the settings on the browser you use to view the Site to remove or limit
the types of cookies that it accepts. More information about this is set out in
the section "Managing Cookies" below.
What
are Cookies?
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are
placed on your computer, mobile or another device that you are using to access
that website, so that the website can remember and identify it.  They contain anonymous information and will
typically include the name of the domain from which the cookie has come; the
"lifetime" of the cookie; and a value, usually a randomly generated
unique number.
They are widely used in order to make
websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide aggregate
information to the owners of the site about their usage.  For example, they enable a website to
identify that when you move from one page to another you are not treated as a
new user and so do not need to log on again.
We also use cookies to help make your use of the Site clear and easy, to
help improve the content of the Site and to personalise your visit.
Some websites will also use cookies to
enable them to target their advertising or marketing based for example, on your
location or browsing habits.
Cookies can be set by the owner of the
website itself ("first party cookies") or by other websites that
provide content (such as advertising) for the website that you are viewing
("third party cookies").
To find out more about cookies, including
how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Web beacons
Web beacons are used for Google Analytics
in order to communicate anonymous user data from our website to the Google
Analytics database.  A Huron in-house
developer places the code on our site.
How
the Site uses Cookies
We may send a cookie which may be stored
by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We may also use that information
to recognise your computer when you visit our Site, and to personalise our Site
for you.
Some cookies used on the Site are
temporary and remain on your device until you leave the Site, at which point
they are deleted. These are often called session cookies. Session cookies are
typically used on the Site to allow you to carry information across pages of
the Site and avoid having to re-enter information, and to allow you to access
stored information whilst you are logged into a user account on the Site.
Other cookies used on the Site remain on
your device once you have left the Site (though how long will depend on the
lifetime of the specific cookie). These are often called persistent cookies.
Persistent cookies are typically used on the Site to help it recognise your
device when you return to it, and to help us improve the structure of the Site
by compiling anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how
users use the Site.
The
cookies used by the Site can be grouped into three categories.
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are
required for the operation of the Site. They allow our web servers to respond
to your actions on the Site and whilst browsing it. The Site will not work for
you without these cookies.
Analytical cookies. These cookies allow us to see how
visitors move around the Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve
the way the Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what
they are looking for easily, and also to analyse the effectiveness of our
marketing campaigns.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you
when you return to the Site in order to remember your preferences, and also
allow us to provide certain aspects of the Site's functionality.
Here's a list of the [main] cookies we
use on the Site, and what we use them for.
We may, from time to time, update or modify our cookies.  If we do, we will update this list.
Cookie Name
Cookie Purpose
When does this cookie expire?
Analytical Cookies
Click here to view the Google Analytics
privacy policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
You can disable the setting of cookies by Google
Analytics by visiting:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
F5
This website uses Google
Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc.
("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to analyse your use of the
website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website
(including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored on a Google server in
the United States of America. Google use this information to assess your use of
the website, providing reports on website activity for website operators and
other website activity and internet related services. Google may transfer this
information to third parties, if required by law or if third parties process
the information on behalf of Google.
Google will not associate your IP address
with any other data held by Google. utma, utmb, utmc and umtz are the four main
cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enable website owners to
track visitor behaviour and measure site performance.
__utma : This cookie lasts for 2 years by
default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It is used to calculate
new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is
sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by
website owners.
__utmb : This cookie determines new
sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every
time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30
minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then
returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a
returning visitor.
__utmc : This cookie is not used in most
sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google
Analytics code known as Urchin. In older versions this was used in combination
with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors.
When used by Google Analytics this is always a session cookie which is
destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a persistent
cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.
__utmz : This cookie tracks where
visitors have come to the Huron site, ie directly browsing to the site, using a
search engine (tracks the search term used, etc.), as well as the geographical
location of the visitor. It allows Google Analytics to report on how to
"credit" a visit or successful ecommerce transaction.
Additionally there is also a cookie
called "F5" which comes from the load balancer, to ensure that the
visitor's session is tied to the web server they initially get directed to in
the load balancer rotation.
Click here for an overview of privacy at
Google:
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics
visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
__utma is a persistent cookie and is
deleted 2 years after you leave the Site.
__utmb is a
persistent cookie and is deleted 30
minutes after you leave the Site.
__utmc is a session cookie.
__utmz is a persistent cookie and it expires 6
months from the time of creation.
Functionality Cookies
Huron
uses Vimeo as our third party video hosting site.  Information about Vimeo’s Cookie Policy can
be found at: https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
cookie_policy
This cookie is used to obtain information
about whether a visitor has previously accepted the Cookies Policy. This cookie
has a numeric value.
Managing
Cookies
Disabling
and Enabling Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to
accept cookies. Your browser may have a Help section or some other form of
instructions which should explain how to do this. If you are using a
smartphone, then the manufacturer should have instructions on its website explaining
how to do this (for example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by
clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy",
and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector).
Useful guidelines on how to do this for a
number of popular computer browsers can be found at www.ico.org.uk/for_the_public/topic_specific_guides/online/cookies.
Please note that if you do disable any
cookies, this will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites,
including this one.