https://www.weconnor.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of service
Website Terms of Services
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern William E. Connor & Associates Limited’s relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term, “William E. Connor & Associates Limited” or “Connor” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 10/F, Kader Building, 22 Kai Cheung Road, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of services:
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. William E. Connor & Associates Limited and its associated companies (“Connor”) make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability of the contents of this website including but not limited to the information, graphics, attachment, particulars of products or services. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. The information and materials on this website are provided on an “as is” basis. The information on this website shall not be construed to create any promises, agreements or contracts between Connor, and any user.
To the fullest extent possible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or other violation of rights. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusions or limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Connor shall be deemed to alter this disclaimer of warranty, or to create any warranty.
In any event whatsoever, Connor accepts no responsibility or liability AND shall not be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from or in connection with browsing or using this website, the content and/or the information, graphics, attachment, particulars of products or services contain on this website, use of information on this site, downloading any material from it and any consequences of any action taken on the basis of the information provided including but not limited to any liability for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or misleading or defamatory statements.
This website may provide you linkage to other websites which Connor does not possess or control. Connor does not have control over these other websites including the contents on and availability of such websites. Links made to other sites are made for your convenience and access at your own discretion and risk, and Connor accepts no liability for any linked sites. The inclusion of any such links do not imply any recommendation or endorsement by Connor of the information and views expressed therein.
Every effort is made to keep this website up and running smoothly. However, Connor takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, this website being temporarily unavailable due to any reason whatsoever.
Any material, information or other communication you may transmit or post to this website other than your personal information will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, except when Connor states otherwise. Connor will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate or otherwise use the communications in all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law.
Connor may amend or update the information and contents on this website at any time without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, withdrawal or discontinuance of the Content. We may at any time revise these Website Terms of Services by updating this posting.
This website is not guaranteed to be free from any computer viruses and/or malware, and it is strongly recommended that you check for the presence of such viruses before down-loading any material to your computer equipment. Connor accepts no liability for any damage caused by any viruses and/or malware transmitted by this website and/or the attachment therein.
This website contains copyrighted and/or trademarked materials which are owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, logos and graphics. Any reproduction or use is prohibited other than with our written permission. There are a number of proprietary logos, service marks, trademarks, slogans and product designations found on this Site. By making them available on this Site, Connor is not granting you a license to use them in any fashion. Access to this Site does not confer upon you any license under any of Connor’s or any third party’s intellectual property rights.
Unauthorized use of or tampering, hacking or otherwise altering this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or result in criminal action against you. You will not use the website in any way that is unlawful or harmful to us or our affiliates. You may not use the website in any manner that could overburden, impair or interfere with the website or the use of the website by other parties. As a condition of your use of the site, you will not use the site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Connor server, or the network(s) connected to any Connor server, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of any services. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Connor server or to any of the services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Site.
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Connor’s prior written consent.
Website Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our websites, www.weconnor.com, TrakWizard, QA Connect, SupplierConnect, and all of their subdomains and aliases (collectively, the “Website” or “Site”). This data protection notice is intended to tell you how William E. Connor & Associates Limited (“Connor”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) uses Personal Data (as defined below) collected at these sites.
What is Personal Data?
“Personal Data” means any personally identifiable information that can be linked back to you such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, and email address.
How Does Connor Collect Personal Data?
We collect Personal Data when you visit our Site, submit information through our submission forms, contact us, send information to us directly, or upload information to our technology platforms. We also receive Personal Data collected by our affiliates, business partners, service providers, and other third-party providers.
How Connor Uses Personal Data
Connor uses Personal Data to respond to your inquiries, to provide information to you, to run our technology platform(s), to improve our services, for hiring/ employment purposes, to comply with legal obligations, and as otherwise described in our data protection notice(s) and applicable agreements for services.
If you are a registered end user:
If you are an end user and your organization uses the Connor platform, we recommend you reach out to your Account Owner to exercise your rights. You may also email misassist@weconnor.com, to access, amend, delete, rectify, withdraw consent, or object to the processing of your Personal Data, and we will reach out to your Account Owner for you.
Contact Us
Please direct any requests or inquiries to misassist@weconnor.com. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are in the European Economic Area or other applicable jurisdictions, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
TRAKWIZARD
FORGOT PASSWORD?
SUPPLIER CONNECT
FORGOT PASSWORD?
FORGOT PASSWORD?
If you have forgotten your USER ID, please email Connor IT support at misassist@weconnor.com
FORGOT PASSWORD?
If you have forgotten your USER ID, please email Connor IT support at misassist@weconnor.com