http://www.coinstar.com/additionalterms
Additional Terms
TERMS FOR CASH VOUCHERS
Coinstar® Cash Vouchers may be redeemed by the bearer for cash in the amount indicated, subject to cash availability policies at the redeeming location. Lost, stolen, damaged or altered vouchers will not be replaced or honored. Attempts to redeem altered or stolen vouchers may be illegal and may create criminal and civil liability.
TERMS FOR EGIFT CARDS
Amazon
Issued by ACI Gift Cards, Inc. Redeemable for eligible goods on www.amazon.com or certain of it’s affiliated websites. No expiration date. Not redeemable for cash. See www.amazon.com/gc-legal for full terms and conditions. To redeem your gift card visit www.amazon.com/gc-coinstar
AMC Theaters
Usable at any AMC Theatres® in U.S. Not usable to purchase gift cards. Not redeemable for cash unless required by law. Not a credit or debit card. Safeguard the card. It will not be replaced or replenished if used without authorization. If lost or stolen, replacement card with remaining value requires original proof of purchase. AMC Card Processing Services, Inc. is the card issuer and sole obligor to card owner. Purchase, use or acceptance of card constitutes acceptance of these terms. For inquiries, visit any AMC theatre, log on to amctheatres.com or call 1.800.255.0311.
Applebees
Applebee’s® Gift Card, offer tons of tasty advantages. Choose from great burgers, juicy steaks, sensational salads, healthy options, and other neighborhood favorites. Our gift cards are convenient, and can be used at nearly 1,900 U.S. locations with no fees or expiration dates. Visit applebees.com/gift-cards to learn more. Terms & Conditions: Usable up to balance only to purchase goods or services at any Applebee’s Neighborhood Grill & Bar® in the U.S. and Canada. Not usable for alcohol where prohibited by law. Not redeemable for cash unless required by law. Card will not be replaced or replenished if lost, stolen, damaged or used without authorization. ACM Cards, Inc. is the card issuer and sole obligor to card owner. Purchase, use or acceptance of card constitutes acceptance of these terms. For balance inquiries and complete terms visit applebees.com or call 1-800-252-6722. ©2013 Applebee’s International, Inc. ACM Cards, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “Applebee’s”) are not affiliated Coinstar. Applebee’s has no responsibility or liability related to or arising from the Coinstar terms and conditions on the back of this gift card.
Bass Pro Shops
**PROTECT THIS CARD LIKE CASH.** For customer service or balance inquiries, visit www.basspro.com/balance, see any cashier, or call 1-800-494-1100. This Gift Card is redeemable for merchandise, food and beverages only at Bass Pro Shops stores, restaurants, or catalogs; online at basspro.com or big-cedar.com; or at Bass Pro resorts (Big Cypress, Big Cedar, Top of the Rock or Buffalo Ridge). Except as required by law, this card is not redeemable or exchangeable for cash, check, or credit. This Card is not a credit or debit card and is not reloadable. This Card does not expire and is valid until redeemed. The Card issuer is BPIP, LLC. All rights reserved. Purchase or use of this card constitutes acceptance of the Bass Pro Shops Gift Card Terms & Conditions, found at www.basspro.com/giftcardterms, including binding arbitration and your waiver of rights to participate in a class action against Bass Pro Shops.
Best Buy
Redeemable in any U.S. or Puerto Rico Best Buy retail location or online at BestBuy.com where available for merchandise or services including Magnolia Home Theater and Geek Squad, excluding prepaid open loop cards and items on Marketplace. No expiration date, no fees. Not redeemable for cash. Lost, stolen or damaged cards replaced only with valid proof of purchase to extent of remaining card balance .Not a credit or debit card. Not valid as payment on Best Buy credit card. Check gift card balance at any U.S. or P.R. Best Buy retail location, online at BestBuy.com or call 1-888-716-7994. Must have card number available. All terms enforced except where prohibited by law. PROTECT THIS CARD LIKE CASH.
Chili’s
For balance inquiry, call 1-888-532-6092. You can use your eGift Card at Chili’s, On The Border, Maggiano’s and Macaroni Grill restaurants located in the US, Puerto Rico, Guam and internationally at restaurants located on US Military Bases. Protect this eGift Card like cash, no replacements are provided. No service fees are charged in connection with this card. Issued by Brinker Services Corporation. For location information, visit www.Chilis.com. Redemption Instructions: Restaurant Manager, please accept by following the steps for manual gift card redemption. If any balance remains, please return this receipt to the Guest with a copy of their eGift Card receipt.
Build A Bear
Redeem for merchandise at participating Build-A-Bear Workshop® locations in the US, Puerto Rico, Canada and the UK, or at www.buildabear.com. No implied warranties. Non-refundable, cannot be exchanged for cash or credit and cannot be replaced if lost or stolen, except as required by law. At the time of purchase, the purchase amount, plus taxes, will be deducted from available balance until the value reaches zero. Balance inquiries, go to buildabear.com, call 1-888-566-4977 or visit a store.
Cold Stone Creamery
©2013 Cold Stone Creamery, Inc. (“CSC”) All trademarks are the property of their respective owner. Valid on eligible product purchases only at participating U.S. CSC stores. Use constitutes acceptance of the following terms: No value until activated. No refund or replacement if lost, stolen, or damaged. Balance is not refundable or redeemable for cash or credit, unless required by law. No expiration date, dormancy or other fees. Subject to state and federal law, which vary and are subject to change. Void where prohibited. See www.coldstonecreamery.com for balance and full Terms and Conditions.
Forever 21
This gift card may be used or applied for purchases at any Forever 21, XXI Forever, or For Love 21, store in the U.S. and U.S. territories, or at Forever21.com. Forever 21 reserves the right to modify these terms at any time without notice. Purchases will be deducted from the card value until the balance reaches zero. Gift card may not be used to purchase another gift card or e-Gift Card. Gift card may not be exchanged for cash unless required by law, and will not be replaced if lost or stolen. To check your available balance, visit any Forever 21 store.
GameStop
Redeemable at US GameStop, EB Games, Babbage’s, Electronic Boutique, EBX, Planet X, and Software Etc. stores. Also redeemable online at www.GameStop.com and EBGames.com.
Old Navy
Terms and conditions for this eGift Card are the same as any Old Navy gift card. eGift Cards can be used in any Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic or Athleta store, including Outlet and Factory stores, in the USA, Canada and Puerto Rico and on our websites (gap.com, oldnavy.com, bananarepublic.com and oldnavy.com). For details, go to the gift card page on oldnavy.com
International House of Pancakes
Usable up to balance only to purchase goods or services at any IHOP® restaurant in the U.S. and Canada. Card is not redeemable for cash unless required by law. This is not a credit or debit card. Safeguard this card. It will not be replaced or replenished if lost, stolen, damaged or used without authorization. IHOP TPGC, LLC or the Franchisee of the independently owned restaurant where card was purchased is the card issuer. IHOP TPGC or Franchisee may delegate its issuer obligations to an assignee. Purchase, use or acceptance of card constitutes acceptance of these terms. For remaining balance or other inquiries, go to ihop.com or call 1-855-316-7063. © 2014 IHOP Restaurants, LLC
iTunes
Online only. Follow the instructions below to redeem your iTunes Code, or simply click on the code above to automatically redeem into your account. To reedem:
Open iTunes Store
Scroll to bottom and click or tap Redeem
Tap Redeem.
Enter the 16-digit code shown above.
Valid only on purchases made in the U.S. from the U.S. iTunes Store. Use requires an active iTunes account & prior acceptance of license & usage terms. Not redeemable for cash, for resale, for shipments outside the U.S., & no refunds or exchanges (except as required by law). Data collection and use subject to Apple’s Privacy Policy; see apple.com/privacy. Neither Apple nor Issuer is responsible for any loss or damage resulting from lost or stolen codes or for use without permission. Void where prohibited. Terms apply; see apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html. iTunes codes are issued and managed by Apple Value Services (“Issuer”). ©2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple Music requires initial sign-up. At the end of the trial period, the membership will automatically renew and payment method will be charged on a monthly basis until autorenewal is turned off in account settings.
Lowe’s
To redeem in-store: Present this eGift Card to the cashier at any Lowe’s store. Online: Go to www.lowes.com & enter the eGift Card # & 4-digit PIN # when prompted at checkout. This eGift Card has no implied warranties, is not redeemable for cash unless required by law, & can’t be used to make payments on any account. To find the Lowe’s nearest you, call 1-800-993-4416.
Nike
Card is redeemable for merchandise at Nike-owned retail store locations (NIKETOWN, NikeFactoryStores, NikeClearanceStores, NikeStores) in the United States, Puerto Rico, and on Nike websites, including NikeStore.com and NIKEiD.com. Additional terms and conditions for redemption of Digital Gift Cards may be found on these websites.
Red Robin
This gift card will get you anything on the menu at participating Red Robin locations, until the card balance runs out. Use of this card constitutes acceptance of the following terms. If you lose this card or if it is stolen or destroyed, then it’s gone for good (it’s like losing cash). For location information, visit www.redrobin.com. Not valid in Canada. Card is not reloadable. Card cannot be redeemed for cash, except as required by law. PROTECT THIS CARD LIKE CASH. For balance inquiries or customer service, call 888-272-6528.
Regal Entertainment Group
This gift card may be used only at Regal Entertainment Group (REG) theatres and is not valid for online purchases. This gift card is redeemable towards general admission tickets and concession purchases and does not expire. This gift card cannot be transferred and is not redeemable for cash unless required by law. REG is not responsible for lost, stolen, or damaged gift cards. Visit REGmovies.com or call (800) 291-8173 to check gift card balance. Gift cards are issued by Regal CineMedia Corporation.
Sears
It’s really easy to redeem your eGift Card. Visit our online sites at Sears.com or Kmart.com, or visit one of over 3,000 participating Sears® or Kmart stores. Please have your account number and PIN handy at the time of check out. Online; simply enter the account number and PIN on the payments page. In store; please present the account number and PIN to the associate at check out.
Sephora USA
Protect as you would cash. Redeemable for merchandise sold at Sephora locations in the US & Canada or sephora.com. Not redeemable for cash except as required by law. The value of this card will not be replaced if the card is lost, stolen, altered or destroyed. Does not expire. If purchase exceeds the balance of card, you must pay for the excess at time of purchase. Card is the property of & issued by LGCS Inc., a Florida corporation, which is the sole legal obligor to the cardholder. Purchase, use or acceptance of this card constitutes acceptance of these terms & conditions. Balance inquiries call 1.877.SEPHORA.
Southwest Airlines
A Southwest® gift card is redeemable at Southwest.com, 1-800-I-FLY-SWA, or at a Southwest Airlines ticket counter for air travel and other qualifying products and services. A complete set of terms and conditions is available at Southwest.com/giftcard. Gift card is nonrefundable and not redeemable for cash or credit except where required by law. Gift card is not replaceable if lost, stolen or destroyed. Protect the card like cash. For balance check, call 1-866-393-2081. Activation or use of Southwest® gift card constitutes acceptance of all terms and conditions on Southwest.com.
Starbucks
Enjoying your Starbucks card is easy. Redeem this Card at any participating Starbucks store, or transfer the amount onto a registered Starbucks Card to spend later. Starbucks Card may be used for purchases at participating Starbucks stores. Cannot be redeemed for cash unless required by law. Refunds only provided for unused Cards with the original receipt. This Card does not expire, nor does Starbucks change fees. Complete terms and conditions available on our website. Use of the Card constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions. Reload or check balance at Starbucks.com/card or 1-800-782-7282.
Toys R Us – Babies R Us
This eGift Card may be used for purchases at Toys”R”Us and Babies”R”Us stores in the U.S, Puerto Rico and Canada, or at Toysrus.com or Babiesrus.com. Not redeemable for cash, except as required by law. Remaining value on a lost or stolen eGift Card may be replaced with proof of purchase. Call 1-800-TOYSRUS for balance. The issuer of this eGift Card is TRU-SVC, LLC.
TERMS FOR CHARITABLE DONATIONS
Coinstar® Donation Receipts are for tax purposes only and may not be redeemed for cash, goods or services. Coinstar® is a registered, paid commercial fundraiser or professional solicitor for the named charity. CONTACT YOUR STATE FOR: (1) INFORMATION CONCERNING THIS CHARITABLE SOLICITATION, AND PERCENTAGE OF CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED BY THE CHARITY THAT ARE DEDICATED TO ITS CHARITABLE PURPOSE; (2) THE CHARITY’S REGISTRATION, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND OTHER INFORMATION; AND (3) COINSTAR’S LICENSE, FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND OTHER INFORMATION. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE.
The following disclosures apply:
Florida: A copy of the official registration and financial information may be obtained from the division of consumer services by calling toll free in Florida 1-800-435-7352. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by the state.
New Jersey: Information filed with the attorney general concerning this charitable solicitation and the percentage of contributions received by the charity during the last reporting period that were dedicated to the charitable purpose may be obtained from the attorney general of the state of New Jersey by calling 1-973-504-6215 and is available on the internet at http://www.njconsumeraffairs.gov/charities. Registration does not imply endorsement, approval or recommendation by the state.
Indiana: The receipt provided by the Coinstar kiosk is in lieu of a mailed written confirmation.
Maryland: A copy of the current financial statement of the charitable organization may be requested at its address or phone number as indicated on the front of the receipt provided by the Coinstar kiosk. For the cost of copies and postage, information submitted by the charitable organization to the Secretary of State is available.
Virginia: The professional solicitor, Coinstar, files a financial report for each campaign it conducts. Copies of these financial reports are available from the Virginia Office of Consumer Affairs, P.O. Box 1163, Richmond, VA 23218.
TERMS FOR OTHER COINSTAR TRANSACTIONS
Coupons, rebates and other special offers expire as indicated and are subject to additional terms indicated. Coinstar is not responsible for the content, terms or redemption of any such offers.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more here
...
...