http://www.american-awards.com/pages/privacy-policy
0 items - $ 0.00
/
Sign in
or
Checkout
USD
CAD
GBP
Your Privacy
American Trophy & Award Company shares your concern regarding online transactions. That is why we are committed to providing you with the latest in online security & one of the strongest privacy policies in the business.
Your Information
We only collect as much information as is needed to provide you with our products, services, and to maintain quality control regarding your shopping experiences. We may collect the following:
The domain names of www.american-awards.com visitors
If you place an order, request a catalog, or contact us, this information may include your name, address, e-mail address, pertinent telephone numbers, and credit card information if a purchase is completed
Navigational data such as the number of visits per page, length of visit, and other traffic issues regarding our website.
Your Email Address
When you provide us with your email address, we may use it to contact you regarding important aspects of your order or catalog request. You may receive occasional e-newsletters from us alerting you to upcoming events or sales which may be of interest to you (instructions on how to unsubscribe are included with each newsletter). It is our intention to use your email address as another way of providing excellent customer service. If at any time you would like us to remove your email address from your customer profile, please contact us at (213) 553-9334.
Sharing Information
American Trophy & Award Company does not rent, sell or give our customer’s information to anyone or any other companies. We understand that our relationships with our customers are based on trust and an expectation of superior service. We feel that selling or renting customer information would be a violation of the relationship we try so hard to build and protect.
As always, American Trophy &  Award Company welcomes your feedback. If you have any comments or concerns regarding our Security & Privacy Policy or anything else we do, please contact us at (213) 553-9334 or customerservice@american-awards.com