https://www.technomarine.com/privacy-policy
InvictaIW
S. CoifmanSC
GlycineGL
Search
Search
Advanced search
Toggle navigation
Watches
Watches
Eyewear
Bands & Accessories
Boutiques
B2B
Watch Service
Distributors
Press
Watch Service
Warranty
Search
Advanced Search
Newsletter
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Contact
Collections
Cruise
Manta
MoonSun
Reef
Sea
Technocell
UF6
AngelFish
Blue Reef
BlueRay
California
California II
Carbon
Ceramic
Diamond
Diamond Sea Lady
Diva
Diva Pave
Dream
Dream Ceramic
Freedom
Glitz
JellyFish
JellyFish Diamond
Locker
Medusa
Monogram
Night Vision
One
Original
Pearl
Sea Lady
Select
Shark
Sport
Star
Steel
Valentine
Dual Zone Mechanical
Grand
Neo Classic
Ocean
Ray
Sea
Sea Automatic
Steel
Moonsun
Black
Shark
Sun
Titanium
Beauty
Dream
Pearl
Easycell
Technocell
Lady
Men
None
B2B
Become a retailer
Distributors
Press
Watch Service
Privacy policy
TECHNOMARINE Privacy Policy
TECHNOMARINE, a Company incorporated having its principal place of business and office at 3069 Taft Street Hollywood, FL. 33021 , (hereinafter as
“TECHNOMARINE") is committed to protecting the privacy of any user of its website. To this end, TECHNOMARINE has established this Privacy Policy
which describes our current practices and principles with regard to personal information collected through the Website. Please note that by
accessing or using the Website you agree to abide and be bound by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms,
please do not access or use the Website.
Amendments to the Privacy Policy:
TECHNOMARINE reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, either in whole or in part, and without prior notice to you. Therefore,
we recommend that you regularly check this page to ensure that you have read the most recent version. Your continued use of the Website following
such modifications shall constitute your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Personal information that you provide to us:
When you visit the Website, TECHNOMARINE collects personal information that you provide to us on a voluntary basis, with your full knowledge and
consent. When we refer to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean any information that identifies you, such as your first name,
your last name, your email address, your postal address, your date of birth, your country of residence, etc. By way of an example, you submit
personal information to TECHNOMARINE when you fill out a form or contact us via the Website if you have a question or encounter technical
problems. TECHNOMARINE reserves the right to keep a record of its electronic exchange of correspondence with you. TECHNOMARINE reserves the
right to collect and store non-personally identifiable information that is automatically recorded when you visit our Website, such as your
internet protocol (IP) address, URL, browser information and the name of the domain and host from which you access the Website, traffic
information and your use of the Website. This non-personally identifiable information is used to analyze and improve the Website and to
optimize your Website experience.
Use of cookies and other technologies:
Our Website uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, such as cookies or other technologies. "Cookies" can be used to
give you with tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on
your system. TECHNOMARINE reserves the right to use cookies or other technologies so that we can better serve you when you return to our website.
Your browser can be set to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can turn off cookies,
but that may affect your use of the Website and certain part and features of the Website may not be available to you.
Social Plugins:
Our website uses various social media plugins protocols (“Plugins”) such as Facebook’s “Like” button, which allow you to share your
likes and interests in TECHNOMARINE products, services, and promotions with your friends and contacts. If you visit our website, which contains such
a plugin, your internet browser connects directly to the servers of Facebook or other social media. By integrating the plugin, Facebook or other
social media receives the information that a corresponding website of ours has been viewed. If you are logged into the social media, the latter can
assign your visit to your account. If you interact with the plugin, for example you confirm the “Like” button or make a comment, the corresponding
information from your browser is sent directly to Facebook and saved there as well and a link to our website may appear in the “Likes and Interests”
section of your Facebook or other social media website profile. Your friends and contacts will be able to see the link and be led back to the website
if they share your likes and interests or if they are interested in learning more about our products, services, and promotions. By using a social
media plug-in protocol link, you consent to receiving communications from us and agree to allow us to use information on your likes and interests
in connection with the marketing and promotion of our business. You understand that information about your likes and interests may be shared
with your friends and contacts and the broader social-media website community. If you do not wish to have data collected on you by Facebook
or other social media via the Website, you must log out of Facebook or other social media before visiting the Website. Just closing the Facebook
page or other social media does not suffice. For more information about social media plug-in protocols, like Facebook’s “Like” button, and its
impact on your privacy rights, please visit the appropriate social media website’s help center (such as the Facebook Help Center at the following:
https://facebook.com/technomarine to find out more.By activating this
button, you give your express consent to your Facebook user data being accessed on the one hand and to have information and activities published
on your Facebook profile on the other hand. For information on the purpose and extent of data acquisition as well as how data is further processed
and used by Facebook, along with your rights and optional settings to protect your privacy, pleas e refer to Facebook’s privacy policy
at: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
Storage and security of your personal information:
TECHNOMARINE commits to take all appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information contained in its data base is reliable, accurate,
complete and up-to-date and secure. You are however responsible for the security of your password that you must keep confidential. Please read our
Legal Notice with respect to security issues in relation to information transmitted via the Internet and hypertext links to and/or from other sites.
Personal Data Protection:
TECHNOMARINE uses your personal information in particular to provide the information, products and services you requested,
to improve the Website content and functionality, to better understand its customers and markets, to improve its marketing and promotional efforts,
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us. In this context, TECHNOMARINE may use your personal data
for instance to send you via email offers or to ask you questions in relation to the brand, its products or services. TECHNOMARINE commits not to
share your personal information with third parties except as specified in this Privacy Policy. TECHNOMARINE reserves the right to share your
personal information collected on the Website with its subsidiaries, from time to time with third parties anywhere in the world acting on its
behalf (as necessary to carry out their mission), or wishing to use your personal information as part of marketing operations in relation to
TECHNOMARINE activities to offer you information about our products, points of sales or boutiques openings and events.
Freedom and Elegance Live Deeper
About TechnoMarine
Contact Us
Watch Service
Accessibility
Warranty
Manual
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
TechnoMarine 2020
Newsletter
Sign up for the newsletter to get all the info on new arrivals,
promotions and more. Live deeper!
Successfully subscribed.