http://www.immixgroup.com/company/privacy-policy/
IT Manufacturers
Channel Partners
Government
Toggle navigation
Company
About immixGroup
Who We Are
Executive Leadership
Awards & Recognition
Clients
Channel Partners
Government Customers
ISO 9001:2015 Certified
Contact Us
Testimonials
Manufacturer Success Stories
Channel Partner Success Stories
News
Government Guidance
Media Coverage1
Press Releases
Media Center
Subsidiaries
EC America, Inc.
immixTechnology, Inc.
Careers
Job Openings
Arrow ECS University
Capabilities
Business Services
Overview
Capital Solutions
Channel Development
Compliance Programs
Contract Management
FedRAMP Authorization
Install Base Services
Integration & Logistics
Lead Generation
Market Intelligence
Marketing
SLED Support Center
Technical Resources
Training
Technologies
Technologies by Category
Agile Operations
Cloud
Data Intelligence
Edge & IoT
Enterprise Mobility
Security
Technologies by Brand
All Brands (A-Z)
Contract Vehicles
Federal Contracts
Overview
Blanket Purchase Agreements
CDM
DOD ESI Agreements
GSA MAS (EC America)
GSA MAS (immixTechnology)
ITES-SW2
NASA SEWP V
OTA
State & Local Contracts
Overview
Arizona
California
Delaware
Kentucky
Maryland
Minnesota
NASPO Valuepoint
NCPA
North Carolina
New Mexico
Ohio
Oklahoma
OMNIA Partners
Pennsylvania
PEPPM
South Carolina
Texas
Wisconsin
Resources & Events
Resources by Type
Articles
Government Sales Insider Blog
Newsletters
Webinar Recordings
White Papers & Reports
Government IT Sales Summit
Summit
Videos
Upcoming Events
Events
HomeCompanyAbout immixGroupWho We Are
Share:
Contact Us
About immixGroupWho We AreExecutive LeadershipAwards & RecognitionClientsChannel PartnersGovernment CustomersISO 9001:2015 CertifiedContact UsTestimonialsManufacturer Success StoriesChannel Partner Success StoriesNewsGovernment GuidanceMedia Coverage1Press ReleasesMedia CenterSubsidiariesEC America, Inc.immixTechnology, Inc.CareersJob OpeningsArrow ECS University
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how immixGroup, Inc. and those affiliated entities in which immixGroup, Inc. holds an ownership interest (hereinafter ìweî or ìourî) treat personal information that immixGroup collects and receives, including information related to your use of immixGroup services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that immix does not own or control, or to people that immix does not employ or manage. In addition, immixGroup is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which our website may link, or which may link to the immixGroup website.
This policy demonstrates our firm commitment to online privacy. Information obtained from visitors and customers will be used for our internal purposes such as responding to inquiries, providing information or marketing our services. At no time will we sell or rent your personal information to any organization not affiliated with immixGroup. In some instances, however, we may distribute this information to our partners, clients or other entities with which we have an established business relationship.
Contact Information
When you register with immixGroup, we require that you provide correct contact information, which may include your name, email address, phone number, and other types of information. If you register with immixGroup in error, please contact us and we will delete your record from our database.
You may contact immixGroup concerning this privacy policy and our privacy practices at (703) 752-0610 or info@immixgroup.com.
Collection and Use of Personally Identifying Information
We are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors and customers to this site. Accordingly, at this site, we do not collect personally-identifiable information from users unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly.
When you visit our site, your browser automatically sends us an IP (Internet Protocol) address and certain other information (including the type of browser you use). We may use this IP address and other information to give you access to the site and otherwise administer the site. In certain parts of the site, we may ask you to provide us with your name, contact information or other information so that we can provide you with information you request, consider your application for employment with us, respond to your inquiry or take other action indicated in the part of the site where the information is requested. The site also includes features that allow you to communicate with us by electronic mail. If you choose to use these features, you will be required to provide us your e-mail address and other personally-identifiable information (such as your name, phone number or street address) we may deem necessary in order to communicate with you electronically or otherwise. You are under no obligation to provide us with this information, but without it, we may not be able to take the action indicated. When you provide any personally-identifiable information to us, you communicate that you are knowingly and voluntarily providing us the information. We may use information you provide to respond to the electronic mail messages you send us, take other action indicated in the part of the site where the information is requested, and use such information for any other business purpose, including using such information to market our services. You also should be aware that we collect certain usage information about our site, such as the number and frequency of visitors to certain parts of the site. This data is used only in the aggregate and does not include any personally-identifiable information.
Sharing of Personally Identifying Information
We will only share information you provide to us with our affiliates, successors, partners, clients or other entities with which we have an established business relationship. We will also disclose such information if we are required by law, for example, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or have a good faith basis for believing that you are in violation of federal, state or local laws.
Use of Cookies
This website works with a 1st party cookie that collects anonymous traffic data at this website. These cookies may tell us whether you have visited our site before or are a new visitor and what material on our site you have viewed. These cookies may also enable the sending of electronic mail messages from our site. The cookies we use do not collect any personally-identifiable information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookies do not extract any information from your computer. We do store cookies on your computer to track your user identity when accessing certain features and functionality on the website and to track how you may have reached our site. Many commonly available browsers permit you to reject cookies from this site and you may use this site with that feature of those browsers enabled, however, you understand and agree that some of the features and content on our site may be unavailable to you if your browser is configured to reject cookies.
Other Information You Submit
If you use the communication features of this site to e-mail us information other than personally-identifiable information, including suggestions about the site, ideas that may be used in our business, and any other such information, that information may be used, reproduced, modified, distributed and disclosed by us in any manner we choose, without paying compensation to you.
Unsubscribing from immixGroup E-mail
In the event we use your e-mail address to send you messages other than in direct response to a query you made, you may ìopt outî and unsubscribe from e-mail messages when you would like to do so. If you would like to unsubscribe or have received e-mail messages from us in error, please follow the unsubscribe instructions in the latest e-mail you received. You may continue to receive e-mails for a reasonable period of time until our system completes the processing of your request.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If we make significant changes in the way we treat personal information we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Compliance with the Privacy Shield Framework
We comply with the Privacy Shield Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce in consultation with the European Commission, regarding the collection, use and retention of Personal Information received from the European Union.
As we are a U.S. company, we have voluntarily decided to comply with the EU ñ U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. We annually certify our adherence to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice; choice; accountability for onward transfer; security; data integrity and purpose limitation; access; and recourse, enforcement and liability.
To learn more about the EU ñ U.S.
Privacy Shield Framework, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. To view Arrowís certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/list.
When we engage third-party service providers and when disclosure of Personal Information to such providers is necessary for the provision of such service, we ensure that such providers protect Personal Information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and, where applicable, are responsible for ensuring that such third parties process EU Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Shield Principles discussed below.
EU persons may request access to their Personal Information under this policy to the full extent required by applicable law in the home country of the person making the request. Such persons may request the correction, amendment, or deletion their Personal Information that is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles.
We will reasonably fulfill such requests to the extent required by applicable law.
Any EU person who is not satisfied with our compliance with the EU ñ U.S.
Privacy Shield may contact us to resolve such complaints at compliance@arrow.com or by sending a letter to the addresses set forth below. If any EU person believes that such a complaint has not been resolved, he or she agrees first to try and settle the dispute by mediation, administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution under its Mediation Rules, before resorting to arbitration, litigation, or some other dispute resolution procedure. The rules governing these procedures and information regarding how to file a claim free of charge can be found here: http://info.adr.org/safeharbor/.
Any EU person who remains dissatisfied may contact his or her national Data Protection Authority in the country where the person resides. We have agreed to cooperate and comply with appropriate EU Data Protection Authorities and the Department of Commerce in resolving such disputes. If an EU person remains dissatisfied and meets the pre-arbitration requirements of Annex I Part C of the EU ñ U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, the person may invoke binding arbitration pursuant to procedures in Annex I of the EU ñ U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles found here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
For any requests relating to your Personal Information, or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
9201 East Dry Creek Road
Centennial, CO
80112
(Attention: Legal Counsel)
European users can contact us at:
Frankfurter Straﬂe 211
63263 Neu-Isenburg
Germany
(Attention: Legal Counsel)
Privacy
Terms of Use
SiteMap
Who We Are
Careers
Contact Us
Certified to ISO 9001:2015©2020 immixGroup, Inc. All rights reserved worldwide.