https://www.7forallmankind.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to Content
LAST CHANCE SALE | 30% OFF FULL PRICE | CODE: HURRY | SHOP WOMENS  SHOP MENS  SEE DETAILS
Home
Cookie Policy
cookie policy
7 For All Mankind Cookie Policy
This cookie policy (“Cookie Policy”) applies to the websites operated by or otherwise provided to you by 7 For All Mankind. (Respectively, the “Site/s”, and “Seven”, “us” or “we” or "Our"). By accessing and using the Site, you consent to the use of cookies, as described in this Policy. This information is collected by cookies and other similar technologies, such as web beacons. When we refer to “cookies”, we mean all of these.
We expressly reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time.  If there are any material changes to this Cookie Policy, you will be notified via the Site/s. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by such changes to this Policy. Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this Policy, is to discontinue use of the Site or to refuse accepting cookies by using your browser’s settings
This Cookie Policy is an integral part of our Privacy Policy and terms and definitions we used and explained in the Privacy Policy, will have the same meaning in this Policy. This Policy explains:
What are cookies?
Why we use cookies?
What cookies are used when you use the Site?
How third parties use cookies on the Site?
Your cookie options
How to manage cookies?
How we Respond to Do Not Track?
How we use cookies?
How you can manage your cookie preferences?
1.      What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your web browser that allows the Site or a third party to recognize you, as a visitor (and not as an individual). Cookies might be used for the following purposes: (1) to enable certain functions; (2) to provide analytics; (3) to store your preferences; and (4) to enable ad delivery and behavioral advertising.
Cookies can either be session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. A persistent cookie will remain until it expires, or until you delete your cookies from your browser. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after longer periods. Cookies placed by the website you’re visiting are sometimes called “first party cookies,” while cookies placed by other entities are sometimes called “third party cookies.”
Cookies are many times used with a pixel tag on the Sites. Pixel tags (also known as web beacons or clear GIFs) are typically transparent graphic images placed on a website. These pixels are used in combination with cookies to measure the actions of visitors to their websites that arrive through the services. For example, we, or our business partners may use pixel tags to track interactions on the Site/s or to understand referrals to partners from our Site/s, or, for Retargeting purposes, as we described in the Privacy Policy, or other interest-based advertising, as further explained in section below.
2.      Why we use cookies?
Cookies are used on our website to collect information about your user preferences, browsing habits and the device you have used to access our website (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers) so that we can:
provide essential features and functionality on our website;
help ensure that you get the best from our website by making it as easy and intuitive as possible for you to use;
remember choices you make and recognise you when you return, so you don't have to remind us each time you visit; and
monitor and analyse website usage and performance so that we can improve how it operates (including in relation to security) and the product selection and services available through it.
3.      What cookies are used when you use the Site?
When you access and/or use the Site or interact with the services, we, or a third party may place a number of cookies in your browser. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will be used for a longer-term purpose, as described in our Privacy Policy.
Different cookies have different functions. Each cookie serves one of the following purposes:
3.1.   Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential for our website to operate. For example, they enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
3.2.   Functionality cookies
These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make when visiting our website and recognise you when you return.  For example, functionality cookies allow us to remember information such as your login details if you choose to create an account with us and other customised features. When you first access our websites, we ask you to read our Cookie and Privacy policies and acknowledge the use of the cookies before proceeding to use our websites.
3.3.   Analytical/performance cookies
We use Google Analytics, a popular website analytics service provided by Google, and other analytical/performance cookies for the purposes of recognising and measuring the number of visitors to our website and analysing interactions with our website, such as items clicked on, web pages viewed and any web pages where users are encountering download error messages from time to time. The analytics service uses this information to compile anonymised reports on website activity, which we use to help improve the way our website works. See here for further information from Google about how Google Analytics works.
To opt-out of cookies provided by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available here. The add-on will prevent your browser from sending information to Google Analytics.
3.4.   Targeting/advertising cookies and social plugins
Our website may also use third parties (including Facebook) and social plugins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button) to enable you to easily share information with others and help us carry out our advertising and marketing activities. When you visit our websites, these third party operators may be able to place a cookie on your device, enabling that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our website and to collect information about your browsing habits, including the web pages you’ve viewed and the links you’ve clicked through. This information is used to make our website more relevant to your interests. It is also used to make advertisements you see online more relevant to you, as well as to limit the number of times you see an advertisement.
If you have previously logged into a social media website (e.g., Facebook) before browsing on our websites, the social plugin or cookie allows that social media website to receive information about your visit to particular pages on our website. The social plugin may collect this information for any such visitors who have logged into social networks, whether or not they specifically interact with the plugin on our website (e.g., by clicking “Like” or “Share”). The social plugin may also allow the social media website to share information about your activities on our website with other users of their social media website.
Targeted/advertising cookies and social plugins also enable us to measure and analyse the overall effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns so that we can improve them in the future.
4.      How third parties use cookies on the Site?
Third party entities like analytics, Third Party vendors or ad networks generally use cookies to collect user information on an anonymous basis. They may use that information to better understand users’ activities on the Site and other websites that they visited immediately after.
5.      What are my cookie options?
If you don’t like the idea of cookies or certain types of cookies, you can change your browser’s settings to delete cookies that have already been set and to not accept new cookies. To learn more about how to do this, visit the help pages of your browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or do not accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
You may also opt out of third party cookies by following the instructions provided by each third party in its privacy policy
How to manage cookies?
As we explain in our Cookie Policy, cookies help you to get the most out of our Site/s and services. If you do disable cookies you may find that certain sections of our Site do not properly function.
6.1.   How to disable behaviourally targeted advertising cookies?
If you are concerned about behaviourally targeted advertising cookies (which serve you advertisements based on your use of the Website and other websites), users based in the European Union can visit www.youronlinechoices.eu and users based in the US can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ for more information.
6.2.   How to enable and disable cookies using your browser?
Information about cookies is usually found in the “Help” section of the web browser. Below are some links to the “Help” sections of some commonly used web browsers:
Internet Explorer – http://support.microsoft.com/kb/196955
Windows Phone – http://www.microsoft.com/windowsphone/en-us/howto/wp7/web/changing-privacy-and-other-browser-settings.aspx
Google Chrome – http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647
Google Android – http://support.google.com/android/?hl=en
Mozilla Firefox – http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Cookies
Opera – http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
Safari – http://www.apple.com/support/safari/
Note there are various levels of cookie enablement and disablement in Firefox. For more information, refer to the following page from Mozilla: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
How we Respond to Do Not Track?
Certain web browsers and other programs may be used to signal your preferences to 7 For All Mankind about how or whether 7 For All Mankind or third parties may collect information about your online activities. Currently, our websites and online resources do not respond to such signals.
8.      How we use cookies?
Our website uses first party cookies, which allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website. They maintain functionality as you move between pages and help us to improve our site. We also use some widely-used third-party social media plugins as marketing tools, and to provide convenience tools for our visitors, which create cookies.
Further details of the cookies we use are provided in the table below.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Universal Analytics
Google Analytics
_ga _gali
_gat_UA-57333248-1 _gid
_gat
1P_JAR
NID
SiteImprove Analytics
Nmstat
Siteimproveses
SiteCore Analytics
LB_CycleProtectionManager
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
­_utma
Determines the first visit to a site from a particular browser
_utmc
Provides a time-stamp when a user navigates from a site
_utmz
Records referral used for website visit
Uvc
Records user sharing and social activity
AddThis
_atuvc
_atuvs
_cfduid
Social media functionality
ASP.NET_Sessionld
Aid in login functionality
ANONID1129529
ANONID_FS1129529
visitorDeviceClass
Assists in display settings depending on whether the user uses a tablet, smartphone or desktop
VID1129529
VISID1129529
APEX stats for the visitor
wp-settings
wp-settings-time
Allows users to customize the view of an interface
­_distillery
Supports video functionality, tracks users interaction with video, and tracks user behavior with video.
9.      How you can manage your cookie preferences?
When you first access our websites, we ask you to read our Cookie and Privacy policies and acknowledge the use of the cookies before proceeding to use our websites.
The functionality, analytical/performance and targeting/advertising cookies on our website (listed above) are not strictly necessary for our website to work but improve its overall performance and are intended to provide you with a better browsing experience.
Many web browsers accept cookies by default. You can usually change the settings to refuse new cookies, block or delete some or all existing cookies or alert you when new cookies are set on your device. As the precise means by which you may do this will vary from browser to browser, please visit your browser's help or settings function for more information.
Alternatively, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org for further information on how to change cookie settings across various browsers (e.g. Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Internet Explorer and Safari).
Please note that if you use different devices to access and use our website, you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
For further information about how to opt-out of the third party cookies used on our website, please review the policies of the relevant third parties referred to in this Cookie Policy. Alternatively, in relation to third party targeting/advertising cookies, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page here, which provides an online tool for you to remove third party cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative’s members from your devices. Further, the Digital Advertising Alliance maintains a website where consumers can opt out from receiving interest-based advertising from some or all of the network advertising companies participating in the program, which is available at www.AboutAds.info/choices/.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding this Cookie Policy or our use of cookies, please contact us here: 7forallmankind@dgpb.zendesk.com.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy was last updated in February 2020.
This Cookie Policy may be updated from time to time. We will post the updated terms on our website and, if necessary, signpost any changes from our web pages. We recommend that you check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of and understand any changes.
Change RegionTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie Policy © 7 For All Mankind. All rights reserved.