http://www.egain.com/cookies-policy/
+1 800-821-4358
support@egain.com
+1 800-821-4358
support@egain.com
Home/Cookies Policy
HOME
Cookies Policy
Introduction
This Cookie Policy explains how eGain Corporation and its group companies (“eGain”, “we”, “us” and “our”) use cookies and similar technologies (like web beacons) when you visit any of our websites that link to this Cookie Policy (such as www.eGain.com) (collectively, “Site”) and/or interact with eGain online advertisements or marketing emails (collectively the “Online Properties”), or use certain eGain products and/or services deployed by your organization. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them. In some cases, we may use cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information, or information that becomes personal information if we combine it with other information. In such cases the eGain Privacy Policy will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
Our Use of Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by organizations in order to make their websites or solutions work, or to function more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website operator are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than the website operator are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Online Properties, and products and/or services to operate, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies also enable us: to track how our users and prospects use and interact with our Online Properties, and products and/or services; to enhance and tailor the experience on our Online Properties, and products and/or services; and to deliver more targeted online advertising and marketing campaigns. They also enable us to conduct analytics about online campaigns we are running and the usage and performance of some of our Online Properties, and products and/or services. Third parties serve cookies through our Online Properties, and products and/or services for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
What cookies do we use?
Session Cookies: these are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser during a browser session.
Persistent Cookies: these cookies remain in your browser file between browser sessions and are used to recognize you when you return to the website.
Analytical Cookies: Analytical cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around the site when they’re using it. This helps us to improve how the website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily. We do not collect information which identifies users. Information collected is aggregated and anonymous.
Third Party Cookies: Our website links to third party websites (including Twitter and YouTube) which may download cookies to your device. These cookies are not under our control and you should check the relevant third party websites for more information about the use of these third party cookies.
You can find out more information about the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
(website)
Track the number of times a visitor has been to the site pertaining to the cookie, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred.
Take a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor enters a site.
Take a timestamp of the exact moment in time when a visitor leaves a site.
Track where the visitor came from, what search engine they used, what link they clicked on, what keyword they used, and where they were in the world when they accessed the website.
Google Analytics security and privacy principles
Cookie Policy
(website)
Tracks whether the visitor has accepted the use of cookies so the cookie notification panel is/is not shown in future sessions.
Twitter
(website)
Helps Twitter count the number of users that have seen a particular embedded Tweet or timeline.
For more information, please see How Twitter for Websites widgets respect users’ privacy
YouTube
(website)
From time to time we may embed videos from YouTube using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
For more information, please see YouTube’s embedding videos information page.
Vimeo
(website)
Some of the pages of our Website may contain embedded Vimeo videos. This service uses Google Analytics to monitor usage.
For more information, please see Vimeo’s cookie policy at https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
WordPress
(website)
We make use of WordPress and plugins designed to expand the functionality and user experience of the Site. These plugins may store cookies on your computer’s hard drive. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
For more information, please see WordPress’s cookie policy at https://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Cookies
ClickDimensions
(email & website)
We use a third-party provider, ClickDimensions, to deliver our marketing emails and e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our content
For more information, please see ClickDimension’s privacy policy at http://clickdimensions.com/about/privacy-policy/
We also use plug-ins as described in the table below. Such plug-ins may vary:
Plugin
Description
Link
Advanced Custom Fields
Customize WordPress with powerful, professional and intuitive fields
https://wordpress.org/plugins/advanced-custom-fields
Advanced TinyMCE Configuration
Set advanced options for TinyMCE, the visual editor in WordPress.
http://www.laptoptips.ca/projects/advanced-tinymce-configuration/
Amazon AWS for WordPress
Automatically copies media uploads to Amazon S3 for storage and delivery. Optionally configure Amazon CloudFront for even faster delivery. Add Google Authentication for increased site security
https://github.com/deliciousbrains/wp-amazon-s3-and-cloudfront
Amazon Web Services
Includes the Amazon Web Services PHP libraries, stores access keys, and allows other plugins to hook into it.
https://wordpress.org/plugins/amazon-web-services/
Members
A user and role management plugin that puts you in full control of your site’s permissions. This plugin allows you to edit your roles and their capabilities, clone existing roles, assign multiple roles per user, block post content, or even make your site completely private.
https://wordpress.org/plugins/members/
Page Links To
Allows you to point WordPress pages or posts to a URL of your choosing. Good for setting up navigational links to non-WP sections of your site or to off-site resources.
https://wordpress.org/plugins/page-links-to/
TinyMCE Advanced
Enables advanced features and plugins in TinyMCE, the visual editor in WordPress.
https://wordpress.org/plugins/tinymce-advanced/
Visual Form Builder Pro
Dynamically build forms using a simple interface. Forms include jQuery validation, a basic logic-based verification system, and entry tracking.
https://vfbpro.com/
Wordfence Security
Wordfence Security – Anti-virus, Firewall and Malware Scan
https://wordpress.org/plugins/wordfence/
WP Mail SMTP
Reconfigures the wp_mail() function to use SMTP instead of mail() and creates an options page to manage the settings.
https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-mail-smtp/
WPML Media
Add multilingual support for Media files
https://wpml.org/
WPML Multilingual CMS
WPML Multilingual CMS.
https://wpml.org/
WPML Sticky Links
Prevents internal links from ever breaking
https://wpml.org/
WPML String Translation
Adds theme and plugins localization capabilities to WPML
https://wpml.org/
Yoast SEO
The first true all-in-one SEO solution for WordPress, including on-page content analysis, XML sitemaps and much more.
https://wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-seo/
What about Social Media Features?
Our Online Properties may use social media features, such as the LinkedIn “Follow” and “Share” features, Facebook ‘like’ button and Widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site (“Social Media Features”). These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Online Properties and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on our Online Properties to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third party Social Media network in order to share with others within your network. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Online Properties. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant Social Media Features.
Our Use of Similar Technologies
What similar technologies do we use?
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track users of our Online Properties, and products and/or services. We may use other similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”) to track users of our Online Properties, and products and/or services. These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has interacted with our Online Properties, and products and/or services or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users within our Online Properties, , and products and/or services, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Online Properties, and products and/or services from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve Online Properties, and products and/or services performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
eGain also uses the eGain OneTag™, a capability to easily track customer journeys on the web (and other touch points).
What about Flash Cookies or Local Shared Objects?
Our Online Properties may also use so-called “Flash Cookies” (also known as “Local Shared Objects or “LSOs”) to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of our services, fraud prevention and for other site operations.
If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the Site Storage Settings Panel. You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the Global Storage Settings Panel and following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with our services or online content.
Our Use of Targeted Online and Mobile Advertising
eGain has engaged one or more third party service providers to track and analyse both individualized usage and volume statistical information from interactions with our Online Properties. We also partner with one or more third parties (such as advertisers and ad networks) to display advertising on our Online Properties and/or to manage and serve advertising on other third party sites. These third parties use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar tracking technologies to collect and use certain information about your online activities, either on our Online Properties and/or other third party sites. This information may be used alone or in combination with information about you we obtain from other sources (like our data partners) and contact details, professional information and eGain transaction history (as obtained from our customer relationship management database) to infer your interests and deliver you targeted advertisements and marketing that are more tailored to you based on your browsing activities and inferred interests (“Interest Based Advertising”). Such Interest Based Advertising will only be delivered where permitted by applicable law and in accordance with your advertising / marketing preferences.
Our third party service providers may also use cookies or web beacons to collect information about your visits to our Online Properties and/or other third party sites to measure and track the effectiveness of advertisements and our online marketing activities (for example, by collecting data on how many times you click on one of our adverts). The information collected through this process does not enable us or them to identify your name, contact details or other personal information that directly identifies you unless you choose to provide these.
Your Options to Control Our Use of Cookies, Similar Technologies, and Targeted Online and Mobile Advertising
How can you control our use of cookies, similar technologies, and targeted online advertising?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your preferences in relation to cookies served on our Online Properties by using our cookie consent tool.
Browser controls: You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Online Properties, and products and/or services though your access to some functionality and areas of our Online Properties and certain products and/or services may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
Disabling most interest-based advertising: Most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of Interest Based Advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com. If you wish to not receive interest-based ads on our Site, you may opt-out by clicking here: http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union, click here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Do Not Track: Some Internet browsers – like Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari – include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT” signals have not been adopted, our Site do not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals. eGain takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. To learn more about “DNT”, please visit “All About Do Not Track“.
What about cookies and similar technologies served via eGain product and services?
eGain products and services may also make use of cookies, as described above. Some are session cookies stored in temporary memory, not retained after an end-user’s browsing session ends and do not obtain information from the end-user’s device. Others are used to recognize returning users and remember preferences. They may also be important tools used to operate and maintain and monitor security protections within eGain products and services. Within some eGain products and services a third party cookie may also be used by eGain.
In particular, eGain uses and collects limited data via cookies served by Google Analytics:
to collect data directly from any end-user browsers which are used to view or receive the applicable eGain product and/or service and to fix issues. The data collected and inferred includes Usage Data (as defined in the Privacy Policy) and which may be used by eGain to diagnose and improve its products and services and make recommendations. Further information on how Google collects and uses this data when an end-user uses these eGain products and/or services can be found at google.com/policies/privacy/partners/; and, in addition
eGain products and services available online may also use the demographics and interests reports services of Google Analytics. These are not used for advertising features by eGain or by third parties but instead to understand the way end-users browse and interact with these eGain products and services and to inform eGain how it may use or optimise or improve these eGain products and services. These reports are also obtained using an identifier combined with a cookie served by Google.
More information on how to opt-out of this Google supported analytics within eGain products and services can be found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
GDPR and Your EU Privacy Rights
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) creates some new rights for European Union (“EU”) residents and strengthens some existing data protection rights.
To the extent that any cookie placed by eGain or a third party, as described above, can uniquely identify a computer, or the person using that computer, under GDPR, this is personal data. Therefore, eGain’s Privacy Policy shall apply to any such personal data collected from its users.
Updates
How often will we update this Cookie Policy?
We may update this Cookie Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Policy regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies. The date at the bottom of this Cookie Policy indicates when it was last updated.
Further Information
Where can you obtain further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at dataprivacy@egain.com.
By continuing to use our Site or Online Properties, you agree to our use of cookies described above.
This Cookies Policy is last updated as of May 25, 2018.
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Continued use of this website indicates your acceptance of our cookie policy. AcceptCookie Policy