http://www.keeleyfunds.com/legal.php
Sign up for E-mail Alerts
Sign up for eDelivery
KEELEY funds
Shareholder Services
800-422-3554
info@KeeleyFunds.com
Distributed by:
G.distributors, LLC
Member FINRA
312-786-5050
800-422-3554
312-786-5003 fax
Legal
Privacy Policy
Legal
Mutual Funds
KEELEY Small Cap Dividend Value Fund
KEELEY Small-Mid Cap Value Fund
KEELEY Mid Cap Dividend Value Fund
Price & Performance
Fund Family Summary - Price only
KEELEY Small Cap Dividend Value Fund
KEELEY Small-Mid Cap Value Fund
KEELEY Mid Cap Dividend Value Fund
Fund Distribution Summary
Investment Professionals
Investment Objectives
Sales Charge / Break Points & 12B-1 Fees
NAV Purchases (no load)
Minimum Initial Investment & IRA
Order Literature / Applications
Download Literature / Applications
Individual Investors
Investment Objectives
Sales Charge / Break Points & 12B-1 Fees
NAV Purchases (no load)
Minimum Initial Investment & IRA
Order Literature / Applications
Download Literature / Applications
About KEELEY
Firm History
Investment Philosophy
Process
Press Releases
KEELEY Value Strategy
KEELEY Dividend Value Strategy
Contact Us
Individual Investor
Investment Professional
Important Legal Information
KEELEY Funds, Inc.
G.distributors, LLC, Distributor
Important Legal Information
CONDITIONS OF USE
By using this site, you signify your assent to the following conditions of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully before using this site. G.distributors, LLC may at any time revise these terms and conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and conditions to which you are bound.
NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION TO BUY
The information contained on this website is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any security. No security or other product is offered or will be sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities, or other laws of the jurisdiction. The Funds may not be available in all states. In addition, the Funds are not available to persons outside of the United States. For more complete information on the Funds, including expenses and any applicable fees, please read the prospectus for the appropriate Fund. Read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. You may read it on-line, download it, or request a copy to be sent via mail.
Your Privacy
At G.distributors, LLC, we take the issue of privacy very seriously. We want to assure visitors to our site the security, privacy and confidentiality that they expect from a financial services institution.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
General
G.distributors, LLC does not collect any personal information from anyone who is merely visiting or browsing its site. Personal information will be collected if the visitor chooses to order literature by mail or send G.distributors, LLC an e-mail message.
E-mail and Product Inquiry
G.distributors, LLC invites visitors on its site to send e-mail messages to us so that G.distributors, LLC may respond to inquiries regarding our products or services. KEELEY funds retains copies of these e-mail messages. The information provided by a visitor will only be used to respond to the visitor's inquiry and to provide better customer service.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
G.distributors, LLC uses the information collected from visitors to its site to address the specific needs of those visitors and to provide better customer service, including the provision of the latest information regarding KEELEY funds products. The information collected is also used to provide a record of communication between G.distributors, LLC and its site visitors and to comply with any applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION COLLECTED
By G.distributors, LLC Employees.
Certain G.distributors, LLC employees will be provided with a visitor's information in order to respond to that visitor's needs and provide the visitor with information regarding specific products in which the visitor may have an interest. G.distributors, LLC employees are instructed to use strict standards of care in handling the personal, confidential information of G.distributors, LLC customers.
Third Parties
G.distributors, LLC does not transmit any personal information collected through its site to any third-party marketers. Personal information may be transmitted, however, if there is a specific need to complete a transaction requested by the visitor.
Visitors
Visitors having specific questions regarding any information they have sent to G.distributors, LLC through the KEELEY funds website at www.KeeleyFunds.com, should send an e-mail message to info@KeeleyFunds.com.
The services and products described on this web site are intended to be made available only to persons in the United States. This web site should not be considered a solicitation or an offering of any of the KEELEY funds to investors residing outside the United States.
Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund before investing. The prospectus, which contains more complete information about this and other matters, should be read carefully before investing. To obtain a prospectus, please call 800-422-3554 or visit keeleyfunds.com.