http://www.danryanbuilders.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate Dan Ryan Builders’ adherence to the practices you'll find common to the best websites online. We will treat your information with the same integrity and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history.
Dan Ryan Builders respects the privacy of every individual. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. Your e-mail address is obtained for internal purposes only (as they relate to marketing and sale of Dan Ryan Builders’ homes) and will not knowingly be sold or shared with any unaffiliated third party.
Information We Collect
Dan Ryan Builders collects information and data to personalize and improve your use of our website. We gather the following types of information:
Information you give us: Dan Ryan Builders reserves the right to collect any information that you enter on our website. This includes, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, e-mail address and other data you provide during your registration at our website or when you provide personal data through various places on our website.
Information automatically collected by Dan Ryan Builders: Like most websites, whenever you visit our site(s) we use "cookies" to collect and store information about a visitor site experience. We collect and analyze:
The IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet
Computer and connection information such as your browser type and version
Connection type and speed
IP geolocation
Operating system and platform
Confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you
The URLs which lead you to and around our Web site including the date and time
The pages you viewed or searched for
Your browser allows you to reject cookies and software is available from third parties, which will allow you to visit our website without providing this information. You are welcomed at our website if you use this software, but there may be a reduction in functionality on some pages of our site.
In addition, we use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. If you send us e-mails, from time to time we may use information about your preferences and interests to send updates to you about Dan Ryan Builders’ services or homes that may be of interest to you. The information you provide will also be utilized for market research purposes.
We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as sending e-mail, analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance, or consulting services. These third parties will have limited access to only the information needed to perform their functions but cannot use that information for any other purpose.
We also may track your visits to our site(s) that are launched from e-mails sent to you by Dan Ryan Builders. In some cases, this information may be identified to us by your e-mail address, which enables us to improve your site and email experiences by better understanding your preferences.
Sharing Your Information
Dan Ryan Builders may disclose or exchange with others information you have provided to us if we believe that the law requires us to do so or if it is necessary to protect the safety, rights or property of Dan Ryan Builders, our affiliates or our users.
Dan Ryan Builders will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, theft, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Dan Ryan Builders selects our business partners by using many criteria, including perceived trustworthiness. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that may receive the information.
Access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job. For example, if we need to mail something to you, we must share your name and address with a fulfillment company. We limit such third parties in their access and use of your personal information.
We may provide some of your information to our independent sales agent to follow up with you in connection with materials or services you request and as a part of our mailings to prospective customers.
Web Links
Our website includes links to other websites. Those sites may have different privacy policies. If you click on to another website, you may want to check the privacy policy of that site, which will usually (but not always) be posted on the web site. Dan Ryan Builders is not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites.
Children’s Online Privacy Act
The Dan Ryan Builders website is directed to adults and is not intended for children under the age of 18. Dan Ryan Builders complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and does not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 13.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Accuracy of Personal Information
We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or email address.  You may correct your personal information or select the option not to receive future Dan Ryan Builders contacts (i.e. mailings, calls, etc.) by e-mailing us at the e-mail address listed below.
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Policy
From time to time, we may find it necessary to revise our Privacy Policy. We will post these changes on this page, and/or update the Modification Date below.
Last Modified Date
This Privacy Policy was last modified on April 27, 2016.
Contacting Dan Ryan Builders
If you have any questions regarding this policy you may contact us by using the contact information that follows:
Dan Ryan Builders
Attention: Char Kurihara, Vice President of Sales and Marketing
2099 Gaither Road, Suite 600
Rockville, Maryland 20850
By Email: info@danryanbuilders.com
Copyright © 2020 Dan Ryan Builders. All Rights Reserved.  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy | Warranty Info | Career Privacy Policy
Dan Ryan Builders reserves the right to make changes to speculative homes under construction. Some images subject to photo likeness and may contain optional structural features and optional interior features and finishes. Colors, exterior finishes and square footage may vary from pictures and plans. Not all elevations or options shown are available in all communities. Prices are subject to change without notice. Sales in West Virginia by Dan Ryan Builders Realty, LLC. 12 Flight O’Arrows Way Martinsburg, WV 25403 Broker: Brittany Newman 301-272-4780.