http://www.greenpasture.org/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Home
Terms of Use
1. General.
Green Pasture Products and its affiliates ("Green Pasture Products", "we" or "us") have created and maintain this website for your benefit, information, education and communication. By accessing and/or using this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms and conditions of use. We reserve the right to change the terms and conditions at our sole discretion without notice. Such changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the website. In the event of any violation of these terms and conditions, we and our business partners reserve the right to (i) refuse to sell product to the violating party and its affiliates, (ii) cancel all orders of the violating party and its affiliates, (iii) close the account(s) of the violating party and its affiliates, and (iv) seek all remedies available by law and in equity for such violations. These terms and conditions of use represent the entire understanding relating to the use of this website and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional communications. At any time and for any reason, including our belief you violated these terms and conditions of use, without prior notice to you, (i) Green Pasture Products reserves the right to reject any order, and (ii) in addition to our other legal rights, Green Pasture Products may limit or terminate your right to use this website or order product. Any unauthorized access, modification or change of any information, or any interference with the availability of or access to this website is strictly prohibited. Green Pasture Products reserves all legal rights and remedies available to it and these terms and conditions shall in no way be deemed a limitation or waiver of any other rights Green Pasture Products may have. Specific areas or pages of this website may include additional or different terms relating to the use of this website. In the event of a conflict between such terms and these terms of use such specific terms shall control. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision in these terms of use will not constitute a waiver of that right or provision or any other rights or provisions included within the terms of use. Unless otherwise indicated, all material on this site © 2007-2017 Green Pasture Products. All rights reserved.
2. Intellectual Property.
The materials contained in this website are copyrighted and may not be reproduced in any form, or by any means, without the express written permission of Green Pasture Products, except as expressly provided in these terms and conditions or in the text on the website. You may download material displayed on the website for non-commercial personal use only, provided you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. You may not, however, reproduce, republish, display, perform, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of this website for public or commercial purposes, including, without limitation, the text, images, audio and video, without the express written permission of Green Pasture Products. Green Pasture Products neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Green Pasture Products. Images of people or places displayed on the website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Green Pasture Products. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these terms and conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the website. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the website are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Green Pasture Products and other third parties that have authorized the use of such Trademarks on the website. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the website without the written permission of Green Pasture Products or the appropriate third party. Your use of the Trademarks displayed on the website, or any other content on the website, except as provided in these terms and conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Green Pasture Products will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
3. Disclaimer.
Green Pasture Products makes no representations or warranties that this website is free of defects, viruses or other harmful components. We shall not be responsible for any damages or loss that may result from the hacking or infiltration of this website or Green Pasture Products's computer systems. You have the sole responsibility for adequate protection and backup of data and/or equipment used in connection with this website and you agree to hold Green Pasture Products harmless from, and you covenant not to sue us for, any claims for lost data, work delays or lost profits resulting from use of materials or content from this website. The pages on this website may contain technical inaccuracies, outdated information and typographical errors. Use of the website is at the risk of the user. To the extent permitted by applicable law, this website is provided "as is". Neither Green Pasture Products nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website is liable for any direct, special, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to, or use of, the website including, without limitation, lost profits or revenues, costs of replacement goods, loss of damage to data arising out of the use or inability to use this site, or damages resulting from use of or reliance on the information present, even if Green Pasture Products , or its suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the website is provided without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice. Green Pasture Products Corporation does not in any way guarantee the quality, data content, artistic worth, or legality of information, content, goods or services that are transferred, received, purchased, or otherwise made available or obtained by way of this website. We do not warrant that this website will be error-free or that defects will be corrected. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. We also assumes no responsibility, and will not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in this website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the website.
4. Privacy of User Information.
Please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference, for information regarding the collection of personal information from this website. Despite any representations concerning privacy, Green Pasture Products reserves the right to disclose without notice to you any information in its possession if required to do so by law or upon a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law, to protect or defend our rights or property, or to respond to an emergency situation. Specific areas or pages of this website may include additional or different terms relating to the use of personal information collected from such areas or pages.
5. Availability of Products and Services.
The information provided at this website is published throughout the world. Green Pasture Products manages this website from its facilities in the United States of America. Unless otherwise stated, materials and content on this website are presented solely for promoting products and services in the United States of America. Information published on this website may contain references to products, programs and services that are not announced or available in your country or region. We make no representation that such information, products, programs or services referenced on this website are legal, available or appropriate in your country or region. Please contact your local sales representative for information as to products and services available in your country.
6. Sales Policy
At Green Pasture Products, we are providing historical sacred food oils prepared with the same great care and concern for our generational health, just as our ancestors used in the preindustrial age. Therefore, we reserve the right to sell to only those customers who have the same respect for traditional ways as we do.
7. Third Party Marketing Policy.
Accounts not approved by Green Pasture Products as domestic wholesale, group buyer or international wholesale shall not re-sell any products purchased from Green Pasture Products (but such customers may still qualify for a retail account). Customers may call 402-858-4818, extension 1, if questions regarding the customer’s proper account type exist. Green Pasture Products reserves the right to cancel any order and/or account based on the size of an order and /or our belief that an order is improperly intended for resale.
8. Return Policy
Our Return Policy describes our policies with regard to the return of products, the exchange of products, change orders and order cancelations. The Return Policy is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference.
9. Links to Third Party Sites.
This website may contain links to third party sites. Such linked sites are not under the control of Green Pasture Products, and we are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements contained on any such linked sites. Access to any other Internet site linked to this website is at the user's own risk. We have not reviewed the sites linked to the website. We provide these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply an endorsement by Green Pasture Products of such third party sites or any goods or services offered by such third parties.
10. User Content.
Green Pasture Products is pleased to hear from its customers. Anything you disclose or offer to us by or through this website ("Communications"), including e-mails to Green Pasture Products or postings on interactive portions of this website, shall be deemed and shall remain the property of Green Pasture Products. If you send us such Communications, you are providing it to us on a NON-CONFIDENTIAL BASIS, and we will have no obligation to keep such information secret, to refrain from using such information, or to compensate you for the receipt or use of such Communications. Green Pasture Products is free to use, for any purpose whatsoever, any Communications, including but not limited to publishing, or developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such Communications. By submitting Communications to us through this website, through e-mail, or through any means other than through the procedures outlined elsewhere in this website, you hereby RELEASE Green Pasture Products from any liability under any legal theory in connection with the use, modification, sale, or disclosure of any Communications. By uploading or otherwise providing any Communications to this website or Green Pasture Products, you hereby grant Green Pasture Products, to the extent you retain any rights, the unlimited, perpetual right to reuse, redistribute, modify and create derivative works from such Communications for any purpose and in any media without compensation, and you warrant that all "moral rights" in uploaded Communications have been waived.
11. Interactive Areas and Code of Acceptable Conduct.
Green Pasture Products does not ordinarily filter, censor, edit or regulate information and content provided by third parties on this website, including any such information provided in interactive areas, and we neither endorse nor are responsible for (and under no circumstances shall be liable for) the contents, accuracy or reliability of such information and content. When participating in interactive portions of this website, you represent that you have proper right and authorization to use any information or content you upload or post and agree to abide by the following code of acceptable conduct: You will not upload or otherwise provide infringing, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, threatening, abusive, illegal or otherwise improper content. You will not upload viruses or harmful components. You will not use the website to further any illegal purpose or to violate the rights of any party. You will not upload or otherwise provide content with a commercial purpose or attempt to solicit funds or advertise goods and services. Green Pasture Products will assist law-enforcement officials investigating illegal activity or violations of these terms of use.
12. Products, Services and Software.
A description or reference to a product, service or publication on this website (including any description or reference via hyperlink) does not imply endorsement by Green Pasture Products of that product, service or publication. Products offered through this website shall be warranted, if at all, through the written license or warranty provided in connection with such product. Downloading software from this website does not give you title to such software, including any files, data and images incorporated in or associated with the software. Your use of any such software shall be only in accordance with the license agreement that is included with the software or presented upon download of such software. Software available on this website is copyrighted by Green Pasture Products or its owner. Software may not be copied, redistributed or placed on any server for further distribution. You may not sell, modify, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the software.
13. Registration and Access Restrictions
You may be required to register for an account with Green Pasture Products in order to use certain features of this website. If you elect to take advantage of such features, you must register through this website by completing the applicable registration form to create your account with a unique username and password. The decision to provide this information is purely optional; however, if you elect not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or participate in certain features of this website. You agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself when we request it; (b) maintain and promptly update this information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete to the extent this website permits such updates; (c) use limited-access portions of this website only using access credentials that we have issued to you; and (d) exit your account at the end of each session in which you have logged-in to this website. You must maintain the confidentiality of any access credentials that we issue to you and may not share them with any other person. You must notify Green Pasture Products immediately of any unauthorized use of your credentials or any other breach of security. Even if you notify us, you will be responsible for any activities that occur using your access credentials, including any charges resulting from the use of your account.
14. No Professional Advice or Medical Information
This website does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment, and the information included on this website is offered for informational purposes only. Some portions of this website may allow you to submit questions either to us or to third parties who have agreed to communicate with our users. Although we provide information about our products through this website, neither our employees nor these third parties are authorized to provide medical or other professional advice through this website. We also have not confirmed the qualifications of any third party who provides information through this website, even if that third party lists his or her qualifications. As a result, you should never use the information you obtain on this website for diagnosis or treatment of any health problem or in place of any medication or other treatment prescribed by a physician or other healthcare provider.
Please consult with your physician or other healthcare provider if you have health-related questions before using any of our products or relying on any information you obtain on this website. You should discuss any medications or nutritional supplements you are using with a healthcare provider before using any new medications or supplements.
The statements on this website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Our products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
15. Jurisdiction and Choice of Law.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nebraska and the United States of America, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Nebraska in connection with any action arising out of or related to these terms of use or their subject matter. You waive any objection based on lack of personal jurisdiction, place of residence, improper venue or forum non convenience in any such action.
16. Severability.
If any provision of these terms of use shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from the remaining terms of use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.