http://www.digibroadcast.com/terms-conditions-i7
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept these cookies.For more information, please see our Cookies Page
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Call:
+44(0) 208 397 1407
Email:
sales@digibroadcast.com
Rated 4.75 / 5
trustedshops.co.uk
Sell Your Gear
Find Out More ›
Covid-19 Update
Open as usual
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions BACKGROUND: This agreement applies as between you, the User of this Web Site and Digibroadcast Co Ltd  the owner(s) of this Web Site. Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these Terms and Conditions is deemed to occur upon your first use of the Web Site. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you should stop using the Web Site immediately.
No part of this Web Site is intended to constitute a contractual offer capable of acceptance. Your order constitutes a contractual offer and our acceptance of that offer is deemed to occur upon our sending a dispatch email to you indicating that your order has been fulfilled and is on its way to you.Age Restrictions Persons under the age of 18 should use this Web Site only with the supervision of an Adult. Payment Information must be provided by or with the permission of an Adult.International Customers If Goods are being ordered from outside UK, import duties and taxes may be incurred once your Goods reach their destination. Digibroadcast co ltd is not responsible for these charges and we undertake to make no calculations or estimates in this regard. If you are buying internationally, you are advised to contact your local customs authorities for further details on costs and procedures. As the purchaser of the Goods, you will also be the importer of record and as such should ensure that your purchase is in full compliance with the laws of the country into which the Goods are being imported. Please be aware that Goods may be inspected on arrival at port for customs purposes and Digibroadcast Co Ltd cannot guarantee that the packaging of your Goods will be free of signs of tampering.Goods, Pricing and Availability  Where appropriate, you may be required to select the required [size] [model] [colour] [number] [other features] of the Goods that you are purchasing.Digibroadcast Co ltd does not represent or warrant that such Goods will be available. Stock indications are not provided on the Web Site.All technical information and particulars of goods and performance given by  Digibroadcast Co Ltd are given as accurately as possible but are not to be treated as binding or as forming part of any contract with Buyer unless specifically confirmed or agreed by Digibroadcast Co Ltd in writing Price All pricing information on the Web Site is correct at the time of going online. Digibroadcast Co Ltd  reserves the right to change prices and alter or remove any special offers from time to time and as necessary.In the event that prices are changed during the period between an order being placed for Goods and Digibroadcast Co Ltd  processing that order and taking payment, you will be contacted prior to your order being processed with details of the new price;whereupon Buyer may cancel the contract (without liability to Digibroadcast Co Ltd) by giving notice in writing to Digibroadcast Co Ltd within 7 days. Buyer shall bear the cost of any applicable sales, value added, excise, or similar tax in relation to the goods unless Buyer provides Digibroadcast Co Ltd with a tax exemption certificate or licence acceptable to the taxing authorities before shipment.Order AcknowledgementWhen you place an order with us you will automatically receive an order acknowledgement via e-mail this is to let you know we have received your order. The status of you order can be viewed on your unique account which is created the first time you order from us. The display of items for sale on our website is only an invitation to treat, a binding sales agreement is not created until we have issued a sales invoice which will be on despatch of the goods. All prices shown on our website are for online credit and debit card purchases only. Please note that Digibroadcast Co Ltd  will not be responsible for typographical, pricing or other errors and reserves the right to cancel any orders based on such errors. All products and prices displayed on this website are for guide purposes only. We are not responsible for any exceptions or omissions. Delivery Digibroadcast Co Ltd will notify you by way of email when your goods are to be dispatched to you. The message will contain details of estimated delivery times in addition to any reasons for a delay in the delivery of the Goods purchased by you. If Digibroadcast Co Ltd receives no communication from you, within 7 days of delivery, regarding any problems with the Goods, you are deemed to have received the Goods in full working order and with no problems.Whilst Digibroadcast Co Ltd will use reasonable endeavours to keep to any agreed delivery date, it accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage resulting from delay however caused nor shall late delivery or non-delivery be a basis for cancellation of any order by Buyer. Digibroadcast Co Ltd may make part deliveries. No partial delivery shall affect Buyer’s obligation to pay for any other part of the order. Goods shall be signed for on receipt. Any alleged discrepancy in delivery must be notified to Digibroadcast Co Ltd in writing within 24 hours of receipt of the goods. All complaints not so filed are liable to be waived.ShortagesIt is your responsibility to sign for the correct number of goods as shown on the packing note on the box. Any shortages must be noted on the consignment note before the driver leaves and you must notify us within 48 hours of deliveryWarranty Digibroadcast Co Ltd warrants that goods sold hereunder shall be free of defects in materials and workmanship and will conform to any agreed specification(s) at the time of delivery and for such period thereafter, if any, as notified by Digibroadcast Co Ltd to Buyer in writing.All goods are covered for defects by warranty. For new items, manufacturers warranty terms apply. For second hand goods we offer 3 months parts and labour from receipt of goods. A returns authorisation number must be obtained prior to return. You are responsible for returning defective goods to us within 8 working days of obtaining authorisation. We will endeavour to repair or replace defective items as soon as reasonably possible. If no fault is found we reserve the right to pass on return delivery costs. Please note that general usage which render the goods in need of a service are not covered by warranty, neither are items which have been misused, dropped or otherwise damaged.Terms and Conditions for Second Hand Equipment: 1.1 Where the Products are listed as second-hand goods (excluding video heads, lasers, tubes, CCD blocks/CMOS/ including other all types of sensor and lenses) the Seller shall provide a 3 months warranty on parts and labour provided that the fault is not due to fair wear and tear. The Seller does not warrant against the external casing of the Products.  1.2 If a Product is deemed faulty within the warranty period the Seller shall at their option repair or replace such Products (or the defective part thereof). Alternatively, the Seller retains the right to refund the price of the Products provided that the Buyer returns the goods prior to the refund.  1.3 The warranty is only valid if the Buyer advises the Seller of the defect within seven days of when the Buyer discovers or ought to have discovered the defect and that the Seller has been given an opportunity to examine the faulty Product within 14 days of confirmation of the defect.  1.4 The Seller shall not be liable to repair or replace the Products if;  1.4.1 the Buyer continues to use the Products once the Buyer becomes aware of the fault; 1.4.2 the defect arises as a result of the Buyer’s failure to follow the Seller’s (or the manufacturer’s) oral or written instruction as to the storage, installation, commissioning, use, or maintenance of the Product; 1.4.3 the Buyer alters or repairs the Products without the Seller’s written consent; 1.4.4 the defect arises due to mishandling, negligence, abuse or unreasonable or improper use.  1.5 If the Buyer sells the Product within the warranty period there is no right for the warranty to be transferred to the new buyer.     Returns Policy
Digibroadcast co ltd aims to always provide high quality Goods that are fault free and undamaged. On occasion however, goods may need to be returned. Returns are governed by these Terms and Conditions.  If you receive Goods which do not match those that you ordered, unless accompanied by an explanatory note detailing the changes, stating reasons for the changes and setting out your options, you should contact us within 14 days to arrange collection and return. Digibroadcast co ltd is not responsible for paying shipment costs. You will be given the option to have the Goods replaced with those ordered (if available) or to be refunded through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods. Refunds and replacements will be issued upon our receipt of the returned Goods.
If any Goods you have purchased have faults when they are delivered to you, you should contact Digibroadcast co ltd within 14 days to arrange collection and return. Digibroadcast co ltd is not responsible for paying shipment costs. Goods must be returned in their original condition with all packaging and documentation. Upon receipt of the returned Goods, the price of the Goods, as paid by you, will be refunded to you through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods.
If any Goods develop faults within their warranty period, you are entitled to a repair or replacement under the terms of that warranty.
If Goods are damaged in transit and the damage is apparent on delivery, you should sign the delivery note to the effect that the goods have been damaged. In any event, you should report such damage to Digibroadcast co ltd within 14 days and arrange collection and return. Digibroadcast co ltd is not responsible for paying shipment costs. Upon receipt of the returned Goods, the price of the Goods, as paid by you, will be refunded to you through the payment method used by you when purchasing the Goods.
You have a statutory right to a "cooling off" period. This period begins once your order is complete and ends 14 days after the Goods have been delivered. If you change your mind about the goods within this period, please return them to Digibroadcast co ltd within 14 days of receipt. Goods can only be returned for this reason if their packaging remains unopened and the Goods can be re-sold, as new, without any additional work on the part of Digibroadcast co ltd You are responsible for paying shipment costs if Goods are returned for this reason.
If you wish to return Goods to Digibroadcast co ltd for any of the above reasons, please contact us using the details on www.digibroadcast.com to make the appropriate arrangements. Digibroadcast co ltd reserves the right to exercise discretion with respect to any returns under these Terms and Conditions. Factors which may be taken into account in the exercise of this discretion include, but are not limited to: Any use or enjoyment that you may have already had out of the Goods; Any characteristics of the Goods which may cause them to deteriorate or expire rapidly; The fact that the Goods consist of audio or video recordings or computer software and that the packaging has been opened; Any discounts that may have formed part of the purchase price of the Goods to reflect any lack of quality made known to the Customer at the time of purchase. Such discretion to be exercised only within the confines of the law.Cancellation (distance selling) If you change your mind after receipt of your order and wish to cancel, you must notify us in writing within 14 working days of receipt of the goods.We will acknowledge your return request by e-mail, fax or letter and give you a Return Authorisation Code and details of where the goods should be sent. Items must be returned as new within 14 working days of the acknowledging e-mail in their original packaging with all supplied contents included (accessories, manuals, cables etc). All items removed from original packaging for examination must be handled with care and replaced in the manufacturers packaging as they were when received. This must then be suitably packed  to avoid transit damage and to protect the manufacturers packaging. The insured cost of return postage will be your responsibility. It is recommended that a recorded delivery service is used. A refund will be given once the item has been returned and inspected by us. We reserve the right to deduct any return delivery / recovery costs incurred. We aim to undertake this within 24 working hours from receipt. We regret that unless items are certified as faulty, we reserve the right to refuse the return of items or to charge a re-stocking fee of 25% under the following circumstances:  the item has been opened and used(Items with timers must show zero use. Items with shutter counters must show zero shutter releases). Used items must show the original timer readings as when they were purchasedmissing accessoriesany product security seal opened or removedany serial / key code of licensed software has been activateda non- stock item has been specially bought in at your requestan item has been specially upgraded to your specificationThis clause applies to consumer sales only. It does not apply to business transactions. Waiver No failure or delay by of Digibroadcast co ltd in exercising any of its rights under these Terms and Conditions shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single defective or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise of that or any other right.Law and Jurisdiction These terms and conditions and the relationship between you and Digibroadcast Co Ltd shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of England and Wales and Digibroadcast Co Ltd and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
You can register an account with us and receive updates about our products and future sale events.By signing up to our newsletter you agree to Digibroadcast using your personal data in accordance with our privacy policy Be informed of new stock, sales etc. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Compare (1)
Top