http://www.mosscreek.net/terms
Questions? Call Us:
800.737.2166
HomeHome PlansCustom DesignPhoto GalleryAboutNewsContact
Terms
PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
We maintain this web site as a service to our customers, and by using our site you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. Please review the following terms and conditions carefully, and check them periodically for changes. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions, you should not review information or obtain goods, services or products from this site.
1. Acceptance of Agreement. You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms and Conditions Agreement ("Agreement") with respect to our site (www.mosscreek.net). This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to www.mosscreek.net, the content, products or services provided by or through www.mosscreek.net, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended by us at any time and from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on www.mosscreek.net, and you should review this Agreement prior to using www.mosscreek.net.
2. Copyright. The content, graphics, design and other matters related to www.mosscreek.net are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks, registered trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such matters or any part of www.mosscreek.net and or its associated products, except as allowed by Section 4, is strictly prohibited. You do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document or other materials viewed through www.mosscreek.net. The posting of information or materials on www.mosscreek.net
does not constitute a waiver of any right in such information and materials.
3. Limited Right to Use. The viewing, printing or downloading of any content, graphic, form or document from www.mosscreek.net
grants you only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for your own personal use and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works or other use.
4.
Editing, Deleting and Modification. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on www.mosscreek.net, or its associated products including this Agreement, without further notice to users of www.mosscreek.net.
5. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, attorneys, staff and affiliates (collectively, "Affiliated Parties") harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney's fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of www.mosscreek.net.
6. Nontransferable. Your right to use www.mosscreek.net is not transferable. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable and may only be used by you.
7.
Disclaimer. the information from or through www.mosscreek.net are provided "as-is," "as available," and all warranties, express or implied, are disclaimed (including but not limited to the disclaimer of any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose). the information and services may contain bugs, errors, problems or other limitations. we and our affiliated parties have no liability whatsoever for your use of any information or service. in particular, but not as a limitation, we and our affiliated parties are not liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages (including damages for loss of business, loss of profits, litigation, or the like), whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. the negation of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between us. this site and the information would not be provided without such limitations. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us through www.mosscreek.net shall create any warranty, representation or guarantee not expressly stated in this agreement.
8.
Limits. All responsibility or liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic file containing the form or document is disclaimed. We will not be liable to you for any incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind that may result from use of or inability to use our site. Our maximum liability to you under all circumstances will be equal to the purchase price you pay for any goods, services or information.
9. Use of Information. We reserve the right, and you authorize us, to the use and assignment of all information regarding Site uses by you and all information provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.
10.
Privacy Policy. Our Privacy policy as it may change from time to time, is a part of this Agreement.
11. Payments. You represent and warrant that if you are purchasing something from us that (i) any credit card information you supply is true, correct and complete, (i) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company, and (iii) you will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including any shipping fees and applicable taxes.
12.
Links to Other Web Sites. www.mosscreek.net contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions express in such Web sites, and such Web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked Web site on our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked Web site by us. If you decide to leave our Site and access these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
13.
Submissions. All suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts and other information you may from time to time send to us (collectively, "Submissions") shall be deemed and shall remain our sole property and shall not be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part. Without limiting the foregoing, we shall be deemed to own all known and hereafter existing rights of every kind and nature regarding the Submissions and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions.
Privacy PolicyTermsCredits
© 2012 Moss Creek - all rights reserved