https://www.movingstation.com/privacy-policy/
About
Agent Portal
Contact
Real Estate Brokerages
Home Builders
Senior Communities
Seniors & Families
DATE LAST MODIFIED: August 19, 2016
Importance of Your Privacy
At Moving Station LLC (“Moving Station “), your privacy is of great importance to us. We understand that you entrust us with certain private information to help us provide various services. In exchange for your trust, you expect and deserve our commitment to treat your information with respect and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Rest assured that we will protect your privacy. Under no circumstances will Moving Station sell or share any personal information about you to or with any person or organization except (i) as authorized by you, (ii) as described in the relevant portion of Moving Station ’s Website (the “Website”), (iii) in connection with providing various services to you (the “Services”), (iv) as may be required by law or court order, or (v) as otherwise set forth herein. The Privacy Policy below describes the standards we adhere to in handling information about you and any personal information you submit through the Website.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OF MOVING STATION ’S SERVICES OR SOFTWARE. BY USING ANY SUCH SERVICES OR SOFTWARE YOU ARE ACKNOWLEDGING THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS POLICY AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, SIMPLY EXIT THIS PAGE OR THE SOFTWARE, AS APPLICABLE, WITHOUT ACCESSING OR USING ANY OF OUR SERVICES.
A Special Note About Children
Children are not eligible to use our Services and we ask that minors (under the age of 13) do not submit any personal information to us or use the Services. Moving Station does not collect or maintain information from those actually known to be under the age of 13, and no part of Moving Station ‘s website, software or services is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.
Important Categories of Information for you to Know:
Who we are
Information we may collect at the Website
How your information is used
Altering the information you submit through the Website
Who We Are
Moving Station operates a website located at movingstation.com (the “Website”).
Information We Collect
There are several areas on the Website or in connection with licensing of the Software where you may be asked to enter both personal and non-personal information. We DO NOT sell or share any personal information about you to or with any person or organization except (i) as authorized by you, (ii) as set forth in the relevant portion of the Website or Software, (iii) in connection with providing various Services to you, (iv) as may be required by law or court order, or (v) as otherwise set forth herein. In particular, and not in limitation of the foregoing, the information you enter at the Website or within the Software platform will be shared with the vendor(s) or third party services providers with which Moving Station has entered into a business relationship in order to offer access to the Software and Website.
Information we receive from you. To use certain of Moving Station ‘s Services, you’ll need to provide certain personal information which may include, without limitation, your name, company name, phone number, credit card information and/or e-mail address, as well as other information.
Information from surveys. You may have the option of completing an online survey at the Website from time to time. Participation in surveys is completely voluntary and it is your choice whether or not you wish to disclose your personal information to us in connection with any such survey.
Information from the “Contact Us” section of the Website. You may contact Moving Station through the “Contact Us” feature. Participation in this area is completely voluntary and it is your choice whether or not you wish to disclose your personal information to us.
Information collected from other sections of the Website. Moving Station may, from time to time, make various resources available to you at the Website or within the Software platform. At times we may collect personal information in connection with providing such services.
How your information is used
We use the information you provide to provide the applicable Services to you. Moving Station may also share certain aggregated data with other third parties for general marketing and demographic purposes; however, this data does not include any of your or your client’s personal identifying information. Some of our Services may be offered in conjunction with partner companies, affiliates or other companies or websites with which we work. In order for us to provide these Services to you, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with one of such entities. These parties are not allowed to use the personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these Services. If you do not want your data to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by not using that particular Service. In addition, Moving Station may disclose account or other personal information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with Moving Station ‘ rights or property, other Website or Software users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Moving Station may be forced to disclose an individual’s personal information when compelled by a lawful request made by a recognized public authority or where required to meet national security and or law enforcement requirements. Moving Station is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).
Altering Information You Submit
Moving Station understands that the right of access is fundamental to privacy protection. Accordingly, individuals may: (a) obtain from Moving Station  confirmation of whether or not it processes their Personal Data, (b) cooperate with Moving Station  to determine the accuracy and lawfulness of Moving Station ’s processing of Personal Data, and (c) have the data corrected, amended or deleted where it is inaccurate, but only to the extent practicable. Inquires about access should be directed to privacy@movingstation.com.
Deleting your information. Federal and state regulations may require that we store questions or submissions for various periods of time. In order to comply with these regulations, we may be unable to delete information from our databases.
Choice – Timing of Opt-Out. Due to the nature of the services it provides to its clients, it is difficult for Moving Station to provide individuals the option to opt-out. Moving Station, therefore, encourages individuals to first request to opt-out with their employer (i.e., Moving Station client). In support of the opt-out concept and Moving Station commitment to the principle of choice, individuals who desire to exclude their Personal Data from the processing Moving Station performs, they may send a request to privacy@movingstation.com. Moving Station will forward such request to its client and together they will determine the best course of action.
Request to stop receiving emails from us.
Periodically, Moving Station may send you emails to alert you to various opportunities available at the Website or in connection with the Software. If you do not wish to receive any of these offers, please send an e-mail to remove yourself from our mailing list.
Security
Moving Station uses extensive and sophisticated secure technology to protect your data and transmissions between you and Moving Station. Transmission between browsers and our web server is implemented using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. This technology requires an SSL-capable browser. Our database is physically separated from our web server and is protected by a physical firewall. Although Moving Station has taken these reasonable and appropriate measures to ensure that your personal information is delivered and disclosed only in accordance with your instructions, Moving Station cannot and does not guarantee that the personal information you provide will not be intercepted by others and decrypted.
Dispute Resolution
Inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact Moving Station LLC at:
By e-mail:  privacy@movingstation.com
By Mail:  Moving Station LLC 135 S LaSalle Street, Suite 2000, Chicago, IL 60603
Under certain limited conditions, it is possible to seek recourse through last resort binding arbitration.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we make a change to our Privacy Policy in the future that will affect how we treat your information, we will post such change at the Website, and such change will be deemed to be effective 2 days from the date of such posting. In that case, your ability to opt out of the new policy will be determined by applicable laws.
Business Transfer
We may, in the future, sell or otherwise transfer some or all of our assets or equity to a third party. Your personally identifiable information and other information we obtain from you via the Website or Software may be disclosed to any potential or actual third party purchasers of such assets or equity and may be among the assets transferred.
Acceptance
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Website or Software. By using the Website or Software and voluntarily providing information to us, you consent to our collection and use of the information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Links
The Website may contain links to other websites that are owned and operated by third parties that are not affiliated with us. When you use those links, you leave the Website and we are unable to control how the owners of the websites you link to handle any information they gather about you, including their privacy practices and use of cookies. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website and does not govern activities on linked websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any other website you visit to understand its owner’s practices on how it collects, uses and discloses your information.
PLEASE PRINT AND RETAIN A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR YOUR RECORDS.
Thanks for all the good things you do!
Director of Sales
Benefit from our expertise and support Seniors & Families
Our Partners
Real Estate Brokerages
Home Builders
Senior Communities
Seniors & Families
Blog
Our Care
Testimonials
FAQs
Menu
Home
Home Sale Program™
QuickBuy®
About
Contact
Agent Portal
Privacy Policy
Contact
135 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 2000Chicago, IL 60603
Phone: 888-337-7676
© 2020 Moving Station. All rights reserved.