http://www.smithcontainer.com/privacy/
Privacy policy
The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is August 4th, 2020
1. WHO WE ARE
TricorBraun, Inc., doing business as TricorBraun (“TricorBraun,” "we," "us," or "our") designs, engineers, manufactures and delivers packaging products and related services to a wide spectrum of markets.  We maintain several publicly accessible websites (the “Sites” as further defined below) to provide information and resources regarding our products and services, to directly provide our products and services, and to allow customers and users of our Sites to contact us (“Services”).
We understand that privacy is exceptionally important to the individuals that use our Sites and Services.  The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to plainly and transparently disclose to you how we collect, use and share information, and how we attempt to safeguard the data you provide to us.
We are committed to securing data that we collect concerning you (“you”) and complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws.  We take steps to safeguard your information and communications from unauthorized intrusions and access.
2. OUR DOMAIN NAMES AND SUB-SITES
Our primary Site is accessible at www.TricorBraun.com.  We maintain other domain names that redirect to www.TricorBraun.com or to other areas within that domain.  For example, we utilize the following domain names to direct to the Site and/or sections of the Site:
https://www.kranson.com redirects to https://www.TricorBraun.com
https://www.caliberwine.com redirects to https://www.tricorbraun.com/tricorbraun-winepak
https://www.rapidfind.biz and https://www.rapidfind.info redirect to https://www.tricorbraun.com/rapid-find
Your use of the Sites and any of the above domain names and/or any other domain names that redirect to our Sites and/or any section of our Sites (collectively are governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
3. HOW TO CONTACT US
Please contact us at any time with any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or to exercise any of your rights under this Privacy Policy or applicable law.
Email us at: info@tricorbraun.com
Mail us or call us at:TricorBraun, Inc.6 CityPlace Drive, 1000St. Louis, MO 63141Toll free: 800-325-7782Tel: 314-569-3633
4. PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY GENERALLY
We take measures to monitor and update our privacy and data collection and storage policies and procedures to consistently meet or exceed industry security standards.
USA. Our servers are located in the United States. Any information collected through our Sites is stored and processed in the United States. If you use our Site or otherwise provide us with information from outside of the United States, you understand that your data will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States.
Industry-Standard Protection. We utilize industry-standard security measures to safeguard the information we collect, maintain and use. These measures include technical and procedural steps to protect your data from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction. However, TricorBraun does not guarantee the performance or adequacy of such security measures.
Limitation on Access. Access to any personal information we collect and store is generally restricted to those employees and/or contractors who require it to perform a job or other contracted function. We require vendors and contractors we work with to use reasonable, industry standard protocols to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of information.
Children. We do not intentionally collect any personal information from children under the age of sixteen (16). If you are under 16, please do not use or website or provide personal information to us. If you wish to provide information to us and are under sixteen (16) years old, we first need verifiable parental consent. If we discover any personal information of children under sixteen has been collected without verifiable parental consent, we will immediately delete the information.
Selling Data. We do not rent or sell your personal information to anyone. We may share your personal information with subsidiary companies within our corporate group.
Business-to-Business Data. Almost all of the personal information that we collect are in the course of business-to-business (“B2B”) communications and transactions with other companies, organizations and government agencies.
5. WHY WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect and share information from the users of our Sites and Services to manage our contractual relationships, comply with legal obligations and/or because we have a legitimate business interest to do so.  We collect and share information to: (a) provide our Sites and Services; (b) provide information about our products and Services; (c) provide information about data security and privacy; (d) learn more about our customer’s preferences; (e) enhance, personalize and support your experience on our Sites; (f) enhance and develop our products and Services based on your direct comments and/or on the pages or information you view on our Sites; (g) communicate with you; and (h) analyze the traffic to our Sites.
We may provide you the opportunity to consent to receive commercial email from us related to our products or Services, or other information we believe you may be interested in receiving when you seek information from us.  We will give you the opportunity to opt-out from receiving any unsolicited information from us or to limit the unsolicited information you receiving from us to information regarding our products and/or Services, or other information you have specifically requested.
6. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give to us
Information we collect from you
Information we collect from you with third-party processors
You provide information to us when you affirmatively provide it to us. For example, you provide information each time you: (a) request, obtain or purchase products or Services from us; (b) download any information from our Sites; (c) fill in a form on our Sites to contact us with an inquiry; (d) correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise; (e) use our online Services and/or Sites; (f) provide us with information requested by us for the verification of your identity; and (g) when you report a problem with our Sites. We may also collect information about you when you when you participate in or register for one of our promotions, events or surveys.
The type of information you give us may include your:
Contact information (name, company name, title, mailing address, telephone, electronic mail address, facsimile address);
Shipping information;
Order Information;
Inquiry information;
Communications to and from you.
This information will be used in accordance with the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and in any applicable privacy notice provided to you at the time at which it was collected, subject to any preferences your affirmatively provide to use.  Further details of how to update your preferences are below.
Each time you visit our Sites, we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, location information, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), pages you looked at or searched for, and the products and services you have viewed, ordered or searched including, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call us.
TricorBraun records and compiles aggregate demographic data related to our users in order to manage the Services offered.  TricorBraun collects and analyzes data about the use of the Site to improve service and to improve user experience.  As set forth in the section on Cookies below, TricorBraun also uses externally hosted services (e.g. Google Analytics) to collect data.
We also collect information about you using the following third-party sources:
Google Analytics:
To view Google’s privacy policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/privacy/
We use this information to improve our sales process and communications with our customers and prospective customers.  We also use this information to improve your experience on our Sites.
7. COOKIES
We use “cookies,” a small text file transferred to your device, along with similar technologies (e.g., internet tag technologies, web beacons, embedded scripts) to help provide you a better, more personalized user experience. These technologies are used to:
Make the user experience more user friendly;
Remember your preferences (e.g., browsing language, usage preferences);
Help us understand and improve how visitors use our Site(s), including which of our pages and products are viewed most frequently; and/or
Improve our communications and experience for you.
The Options/Settings section of most internet browsers will tell you how to manage cookies and other technologies that may be transferred to your device, including how to disable such technologies. Instructions for blocking or allowing cookies in common web browsers are provided at the links below:
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
AboutCookies.org
We use the following cookies:
Cookie name
Purpose
Google
This cookie is a targeting/advertising cookie. It uses data to profile the interests of webs users and sell advertising space to organizations based on the interest profiles. It is design to align advertising with the interests of users.
CallRail
CallRail uses cookies to identify the referring website or the landing page of users to provide them with a tracking phone number.
Facebook
These cookies are targeting/advertising cookies. They are used to deliver advertisements more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign.
Some third parties may also collect data from you through cookies and other related scripts.  The use of third-party cookies is not covered by our Privacy Notice, as we do not have access or control over these cookies.   You may visit the following links from our third-party partners to opt-out of their tracking and learn about their privacy practices:
Google Analytics
To view Google’s privacy policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
To opt-out, please download and install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on by visiting: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Although not all cookies and similar technologies that we use are required for you to use the Sites and/or Services, disabling these technologies altogether could prevent the Sites / Services from working properly and disable features that allow you to take full advantage of the Sites and Services we offer.
8. CONTACT FORM
TricorBraun does not require users to register with or provide information to TricorBraun to view the Site or send an inquiry to TricorBraun. Most information contained on the Sites is available without supplying personal information.  However, you must provide certain information to purchase product, order samples, or use certain aspects of the Sites.  If you provide your information to TricorBraun to contact TricorBraun, to request samples or additional information, to purchase products, or to use the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
9. WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU DON'T PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you choose to limit the information you provide to us (or, in some circumstances, provide no personal information at all, then we may be unable to provide you with the products, services or information you have expressed an interest in, or which we have a contract to provide to you.  We may also be unable to provide you with access to some or all of our Sites (or their functionality).
10. SECURING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Sites and/or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We ask you not to share a password with anyone.  Unfortunately, however, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk.
11. RETAINING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will take steps to ensure that the personal information that we hold about you is retained for only as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, unless there is a legal reason or other valid reason for which we maintain the information.
12. SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER WEBSITES YOU VISIT
This Privacy Policy only applies to our Sites and does not apply to: (a) any social media posts or comments that you make which are about us, or addressed to us on social media platforms or websites (for example, Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook).  Any such posts or comments will be shared by you under the terms of the relevant social media platform or website on which they are published; or (b) third-party websites that we may link to, including advertisers.  We recommend that you review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the relevant social media platforms and other websites which you visit, to understand how they use your information.
13. DO NOT TRACK
Some internet browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Given that there is not a uniform way that browsers communicate the “Do Not Track” signal, the Sites do not currently interpret, respond to or alter its practices when it receives “Do Not Track” signals.
14. HOW THE LAW PROTECTS YOU
Our business, systems and Sites are designed to comply with all relevant and appropriate national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy, including (without limitation) the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). The GDPR allows us to collect and use personal information from residents within the European Economic Area only for one or more of the following reasons:
To fulfill a contract we have with you;
When we have a legal duty;
When it is in our legitimate interest; or
When you provide consent.
15. YOUR RIGHTS IF YOU RESIDE IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
If you reside in the European Economic Area, you have a number of rights under data protection laws in relation to the way we process your personal data.  These are set out below.  You may contact us directly to exercise any of these rights, and we will respond to any request received from you within one month from the date of the request.  In very exceptional circumstances we may need to extend this timescale, but we will always tell you in advance if we do, and our reasons why.
Number
Description of your right
Right 1
A right to access personal data held by us about you, as well as information about how we are using your data.
Right 2
A right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal data held by us about you.
Right 3
A right to require us to erase personal data held by us about you, and where the personal data has been made public, for other controllers processing the personal data to also erase links to, or copy or replication of, such personal data. This right will only apply where (for example): we no longer need to use the personal data to achieve the purpose we collected it for; or where you withdraw your consent if we are using your personal data based on your consent; or where you object to the way we process your data (in line with Right 6 below).
Right 4
A right to restrict our processing of personal data held by us about you. This right will only apply where (for example): you dispute the accuracy of the personal data held by us; or where you would have the right to require us to erase the personal data but would prefer that our processing is restricted instead; or where we no longer need to use the personal data to achieve the purpose we collected it for, but you require the data for the purposes of dealing with legal claims.
Right 5
A right to receive personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format. You also have the right to require us to transfer this personal data to another organisation, at your request.
Right 6
A right to object to our processing of personal data held by us about you (including for the purposes of sending marketing materials to you).
Right 7
A right to withdraw your consent, where we are relying on it to use your personal data (for example, to provide you with marketing information about our services or products).
If you have consented to receive communications from us, you can contact us at any time to have your details removed from lists used by us or to update your marketing preferences. Please email info@tricorbraun.com and provide your name, email/telephone number/account number in the body of the email, telling us what you would like us to do. You can also click "unsubscribe" on any of our emails, and we will ensure we don't send you any communications of this nature in future.
If you have any concerns regarding our processing of your personal information, or are not satisfied with our handling of any request by you in relation to your rights, please get in touch with our team through the contact information provided in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. You also have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office ("ICO"). The ICO is the UK's independent body set up to uphold information rights. You can find out more about the ICO on its website (https://ico.org.uk/). Their address is:
First Contact TeamInformation Commissioner's OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowSK9 5AF
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Except as expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose personal information to any third-party for such third-party’s direct marketing purposes. Thus, until December 31, 2019, pursuant to California Civil Code Sections 1798.80-1798.84, TricorBraun has no obligation to a California resident to provide further information regarding our use of the California resident’s personal data.  Effective on January 1, 2020, all California residents have the following rights with regard to their personal data:
Number
Description of your right
Right 1
The right to know what categories of personal information we collect about you.
Sections 6 and 7 above describe the categories of information we collect, process, store and maintain, and the sources from which we gather that information.
Right 2
The right to know the business purpose for which the personal information is collected.
We collect and share information from the users of our Site and Services to manage our contractual relationships, comply with legal obligations and/or because we have a legitimate business interest to do so.  We collect and share information to: (a) provide our Site and Services; (b) provide information about our products and Services; (c) provide information about data security and privacy; (d) learn more about our customer’s preferences; (e) enhance, personalize and support your experience on our Site; (f) enhance and develop our products and Services based on your direct comments and/or on the pages or information you view on our Site; (g) communicate with you; and (h) analyse the traffic to our Site.
Right 3
The right to know whether we sell or disclose your personal information, and if so, to whom.
We do not sell the information we hold of California residents. However, we may disclose certain personal information for our business purposes, such as to process payment cards or fulfill orders. All third-parties with whom we share information are disclosed Sections 6 and 7 above.
Right 4
The right to say no to the sale of personal information.
We do not currently sell personal information.  However, if you would like to formally opt-out of the sale of any personal information, you may contact us at info@tricorbraun.com or 800-325-7782.
Right 5
The right to access your personal information.
If you would like information on the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, we will provide that information to you after we are able to validate your request. To request this information, you may contanct us at info@tricorbraun.com or 800-325-7782.
You may make a request to know what personal information we collect for free up to twice a year. We will provide information responsive to your request within 45 days unless we reasonably believe we need an additional 45 days. Either way, we will respond to your requests within a 45 day period.
To protect your privacy, we will need to take steps to verify your identity.
Right 6
The right to receive equal service and pricing from us, even if you exercise your privacy rights.
We do not have any pricing differentials at this time based on whether or not you exercise your access rights.
Right 7
The right to deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions. After we receive and validate your request, we will delete your personal information, as well as direct our service providers to delete your personal information, unless an exception applies.
You may exercise any of the above rights on or after January 1, 2020, if you are a California resident and you provide us with a verifiable request to exercise any of the above rights. For more information, please see California Civil Code Sections 1798.80-1798.198.  To submit a request, please see Section 3 for our contact information.
17. NOTICE TO UTAH RESIDENTS
We do not disclose a user’s personal data to any third-party for such third-party’s direct marketing purposes.
18. NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS
We do not sell your covered information, as defined by Section 1.6 of Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If you reside in Nevada, you have the right to submit a request to our designated request address info@tricorbraun.com regarding the sale of covered information.
19. CONSENT TO RECEIVE ELECTRONIC NOTIFICATIONS
Electronic communication is the most effective and timely way to provide the users of our Sites with any optional or required notifications and disclosures. In some circumstances, however, applicable laws may require us to send you disclosures or communications in paper format unless you have affirmatively consented to receiving electronic notifications only in advance of the notification. Through this Privacy Policy, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. § 7001, you hereby affirmatively consent to receive electronic notifications and disclosures from us only (without requiring a paper copy) and you represent that, to date, you have not withdrawn such consent. You have the right to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time. If you would like to withdraw your consent to receive electronic notifications and/or would like to request paper copies of any electronic notifications you receive, please contact: info@tricorbraun.com. To receive electronic records, you will need access to a smart phone, tablet, laptop or computer with Internet access and either email software (such as Microsoft Outlook) or access to a web-based electronic mail software platform, such as Gmail, Yahoo or other electronic mail provider.
20. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITES AND SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SITES AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS.  WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES REGARDING DATA PRIVACY OR DATA SECURITY.
21. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT TRICORBRAUN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF DATA, DATA BREACH, OR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION, EVEN IF TRICORBRAUN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT TRICORBRAUN IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY VIOLATION OF YOUR RIGHTS OR THE RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER PARTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, RIGHTS OF PUBLICITY, OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN ANY EVENT, IF TRICORBRAUN IS FOUND TO HAVE VIOLATED ANY OF YOUR RIGHTS, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY DAMAGES RECOVERABLE AGAINST TRICORBRAUN ARE LIMITED TO YOUR ACTUAL, PROVEN DAMAGES.
22. ARBITRATION; JURISDICTION AND VENUE
ANY DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, OR CLAIM ARISING FROM THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, LOSS OR MISUSE OF DATA SHALL BE RESOLVED ON A CASE-BY-CASE BASIS THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION UNDER ITS COMMERCIAL ARBITRATION RULES, PROVIDED THAT, WHERE LESS THAN $250,000.00 IS AT ISSUE IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE, CONTROVERSY, OR CLAIM, THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED BY ONE (1) ARBITRATOR. ALL SUCH ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS SHALL TAKE PLACE IN ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MISSOURI. BY USING THE SITES AND/OR SERVICES, YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT AGAINST TRICORBRAUN IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  IN THE EVENT THERE IS ANY LITIGATION RELATING TO THIS PARAGRAPH REQUIRING ARBITRATION OR ANY OTHER MATTER THAT IS FOUND NOT TO BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, THEN THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN ANY SUCH LAWSUIT SHALL PROPERLY (BUT NOT EXCLUSIVELY) LIE IN THE CIRCUIT COURT FOR ST. LOUIS COUNTY, MISSOURI, OR THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, AND THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT VENUE WOULD BE PROPER IN SUCH COURT AND HEREBY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION THAT SUCH COURT IS AN IMPROPER OR INCONVENIENT FORUM FOR THE RESOLUTION OF SUCH ACTION.
23. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Privacy Policy.  By continuing to use our site, you agree to the terms of this and any updated versions of this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us To Get Started
TricorBraun’s proven process will guide your packaging decisions from napkin sketch all the way to the retail shelf. Click below to get started.
Request a Quote
Contact a Consultant
Close
Contact a Consultant to Get Started on Your Project
Name
Email
Company
How Did You Hear About Us?
Select...
Email
Web Search
Referral
Social Media
Other
How Can We Help?
Submit