http://www.boshco.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Boshco-Dustek, Inc.
Home
My Account
Cart
|      Contact Us
(978) 667-1911      fax (978) 671-0011      Email
0Shopping CartHOLZ-HER
WEINIG
Dustek
Dustek Models
Dustek Ducting
Dustek Leasing
VSM
About Us
About Boshco-Dustek
Raymond C. Boshco
What Clients Say
Contact & Directions
FAQs
Services
Field Services
Appraisals
Liquidations
Products
Our Products
Equipment Categories
Parts & Supplies
Used Machines
Equipment Learning Center
Search
Menu
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://www.boshco-dustek.com/ and Boshco, Inc. DBA Boshco-Dustek and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Boshco, Inc. DBA Boshco-Dustek include https://www.boshco-dustek.com/ and Boshco, Inc. Boshco, Inc. website is an ecommerce site. By using the Boshco, Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site. These may include:
Registering for an account on our site
Entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners
Signing up for special offers from selected third parties
Sending us an email message
Submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our site
To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We may also father additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Boshco, Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate its websites and deliver the services you have requested.
Boshco, Inc. may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Boshco, Inc. and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Boshco, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Boshco, Inc. may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Boshco, Inc. and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Boshco, Inc. may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Boshco, Inc. or the site
Protect and defend the rights or property of Boshco, Inc. and/or
Act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Boshco, Inc. or the public
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Boshco, Inc. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Boshco, Inc. website.
Use of Cookies
The Boshco, Inc. website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Boshco, Inc. pages or register with Boshco, Inc. site or services, a cookie helps Boshco, Inc. to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Boshco, Inc. website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Boshco, Inc. features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Boshco, Inc. services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Boshco, Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure. Boshco, Inc. uses the following methods for this purpose: SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that:
There are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control and
Security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us though this site cannot be guaranteed
Children Under Thirteen
Boshco, Inc. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Boshco, Inc. may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Boshco, Inc. you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the Unsubscribe button on any promotional or marketing email.
Changes to this Statement
Boshco, Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your:
Knowledge of the modified Privacy Policy and
Agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy
Contact Information
Boshco, Inc. welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Boshco, Inc. has not adhered to this statement, please contact Boshco, Inc. at:
Boshco-Dustek
6K Dunham Road
Billerica, MA 01821
Phone: (978) 667-1911
Fax: (978) 671-0011
Email: jboshco@boshco.com
Contact Us  (978) 667-1911
EmailLatest NewsNew Weinig CUBE Four-Sided PlanerFebruary 6, 2020 - 10:58 amNew Weinig ‘CUBE’ 4-Sided Planer with CNC Set-up 9” x 5” Capacity, touch-screen control, long infeed table, quick-change tooling, Fully automatic set-up, internal memory, very simple operation, small footprint. Moulds perfect door, window, cabinet parts and more
Find a Product
Product categories
Select a category
Air Compressors
Air Filtration Units
Band Saws – Resaws
Bore – Glue and Dowel Machines
CNC Positioners
Cut-off Saws
Dovetailer Drawer Machinery
Downdraft Tables
Drilling Machinery
Dust Collectors Misc
DUSTEK Dust Collectors
Edgebanders Misc.
End Matcher
Face Frame Machinery
Featured
Feeders
Festool
Grinders – Profile and Sharpening
HOLZ-HER Beam Saws
HOLZ-HER CNC Machining Centers
HOLZ-HER Edgebanders
HOLZ-HER Storemaster Panel Management Systems
HOLZ-HER Vertical Panel Saws
Jointers
Kleen-Shop Dust Collectors
Lathes
Material handling – Lifts
Miscellaneous
Mortisers
Moulders
Optimizing Cut-Off Saw Systems
Parts and Supplies
DUSTEK Parts & Accessories
Edgebander Hot Melt Glue-Jowat and Dorus
FS Tool
HOLZ-HER Parts and Accessories
SAWSTOP Replacement Brake Cartridges and Accessories
VSM Abrasives Industrial Sanding Belts and Sandpaper
Wide Belt Sander Supplies
Woodworking Supplies
Planers/Single:Double Surfacers
Pocket Screw – Face Frame Machinery
Resaws
Ripsaws – Straight Line and Gang Rip
Routers
Sanders: Edge – Misc.
Saws: Table Saws – Misc.
Shapers
Sliding Table Saws
Tenoners/Single/Double
TIMESAVERS
Used Inventory
Used Air Compressors
Used Band Saws – Resaws
Used Chop Saws – Mitre Saws
Used Clamps – Door – Assembly – Case
Used CNC Routers – Point to Point
Used Cut-off Saws
Used Door Machine
Used Dust Collectors Misc
Used DUSTEK Dust Collectors
Used Edgebanders
Used Face Frame Machinery
Used Finishing Equipment
Used Grinders – Profile and Sharpening
Used HOLZ-HER Edgebanders
Used Jointers
Used Lathes
Used Material handling – Lifts
Used Mortisers
Used Moulders
Used Optimizing Cut-Off Saw Systems
Used Parts and Supplies
Used Planers/Single:Double Surfacers
Used Radial Arm Saws
Used Radial Arm Saws
Used Ripsaws – Straight Line and Gang Rip
Used Routers
Used Sanders: Edge – Misc.
Used Saws: Table Saws – Misc.
Used Shapers
Used Sliding Table Saws
Used Tenoners/Single/Double
Used TIMESAVERS
Used Wide Belt Sanders Misc.
Vertical Panel Saws
Weinig Moulders
Wide Belt Sanders Misc.
e-Newsletter Signup!
Boshco, Inc. Dba Boshco-Dustek Sales • Service • Support • Knowledge
Liquidations • Integrity • Since 1941
6K Dunham Rd
Billerica, MA 01821
(978) 667-1911
fax (978) 671-0011
Email
Site Map
All major credit Cards Accepted
Shipping & Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Boshco, Inc. Dba Boshco-Dustek | 6K Dunham Rd, Billerica, MA 01821 |   (978) 667-1911 |   Fax: 978-671-0011 | ©2005-2020 Woodworking Equipment, Woodworking Machinery, and Dust Collection Systems
FacebookInstagramYoutube
Scroll to top