http://www.chemence-us.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Industries
Medical
Consumer
Industrial
Cosmetics
Graphics
VIS
About
About Chemence
Research and Sustainability
Careers
Blog
Contact
Downloads
Home > Privacy Policy
1.0 User privacy and data protection
User privacy and data protection are human rights.
Data is a liability, it should only be collected and processed when necessary.
We will never sell, rent or otherwise distribute or make public your personal information.
2.0 Relevant legislation
Along with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:
UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)
EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)
Australian Privacy Act 1988 (APA)
This site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure about whether this site is compliant with your own country of residences’ specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact our data protection officer (details of whom can be found in section 9.0) for clarification.
3.0 Personal information that this website collects and why we collect it
This website collects and uses personal information for the following reasons:
3.1 Site visitation tracking
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this. We consider Google to be a third party data processor (see section 6.0 below).
GA makes use of cookies, details of which can be found on Google’s developer guides. FYI our website uses the analytics.js implementation of GA.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages
3.2 Contact forms and email links
Should you choose to contact us using the contact form on our Contact us page or an email link like this one, none of the data that you supply will be stored by this website or passed to / be processed by any of the third party data processors defined in section 6.0. Instead the data will be collated into an email and sent to us over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP). Our own SMTP servers are protected by TLS (sometimes known as SSL) meaning that the email content is encrypted using SHA-2, 256-bit cryptography before being sent across the internet. The email content is then decrypted by our local computers and devices. However, not all mail servers are secured in such a way. Therefore, we would suggest that you always consider email as an insecure medium and not include personal, confidential or otherwise sensitive information within an email.
4.0 How we store your personal information
Pseudonymisation is a recent requirement of the GDPR which many web application developers are currently working to fully implement. We are committed to keeping it as a high priority and will implement it on this website as soon as we are able to.
5.0 About this website’s server
This website is hosted on a Chemence Inc. company server in Alphretta U.S.A. which is EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.
Some of the data centre’s more notable security features are as follows:
Proximity access locks on all external and internal doors
Server cabinets have locked doors (no open racks)
Perimeter and internal IP CCTV system monitored 24×7
24×7 on-site security guards with static and mobile patrols
Only authorised security cleared staff are allowed into the facility
All traffic (transferral of files) between this website and your browser is encrypted and delivered over HTTPS.
6.0 Our third party data processors
We use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in section 2.0. All 3 of these third parties are based in the USA and are EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.
Google (Privacy policy)
7.0 Data Breaches
We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
8.0 Data Controller
The data controller of this website is: Chemence Inc.
Whose registered office is:
185 Bluegrass Valley Parkway
Alpharetta, GA 30005
Tel: +1 770 664 6624
Fax: +1 770 664 6620
9.0 Data Protection Officer