http://www.wind-lock.com/privacy-policy
Wind-lock's Regular Hours of Operation:
Mon-Fri 8a-7p ET
Contact: 1-800-872-5625
Privacy PolicyYour privacy on Wind-Lock.com
We want you to feel comfortable and secure when visiting our site. We are committed to this goal. To learn more about our goals and how we protect your privacy, please consider the following overview. What information do you collect?
Information on Wind-Lock.com is collected in two ways: (1) indirectly and anonymously (for example, through our site's technology); and (2) directly (for example, when you provide information on various pages of Wind-Lock.com). One example of information we collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you access Wind-Lock.com, your Internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our Internet access logs. We collect information directly from you in a number of ways. One way is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of anonymous data, which save and retrieve information about your visit to Wind-Lock.com - for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated through the site, and what information was of interest to you. We directly collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us. For example, by submitting an inquiry to our sales team, the non-anonymous information is limited to that which you provide within your inquiry.
How do you use this information?
We analyze it to determine what is most effective about our site, to help us identify ways to improve it, and eventually, to determine how we can tailor Wind-Lock.com to make it more effective. By keeping your cookies on your PC enabled, we can continually adjust our web site to better serve you, making your every visit better than the last. Will you share this information with outside parties?
We will not sell non-anonymous information or share it with any outside parties. The information may be shared internally across our various service teams, but this sharing is limited to internal use only with the specific intention of positioning our teams to provide optimal service(s) to you. Do you collect sensitive personal data?
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through this site. If we do seek to collect such data, we will ask you to consent to our proposed uses of the data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law. You can control the collection of data by disabling cookies at any time using your browser's privacy settings.  You may also opt out of the online advertising using  third-party opt-out tool such as NAI Consumer Opt Out. Click here to access NAI Consumer Opt Out settings.  California residents, click here for more detailed information.  Information security
While we take steps to maintain the security of Wind-Lock.com, you should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by people other than those for whom the data is intended.
Wind-Lock is interested in maintaining your privacy and creating a valuable resource for you to use. If you have any questions now or during your visit, please
contact us for assistance.
Loading