https://www.glenfield.net/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Except as otherwise provided, we will not wilfully disclose any personal information regarding our Web Site users without first obtaining their approval, unless required to do so to satisfy a legal obligation. By using our Web Site, you agree to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this policy, and the terms of our Web Site disclaimer, located at the bottom of each web page.We do not collect any personal information about you from your use of this Web Site, except where you have specifically provided us with that information. If you specifically and knowingly provide any personal information to us via this Web Site, you consent to the Glenfield Digital Group using that personal information lawfully at its sole and absolute discretion, including for the purposes of providing promotional and marketing materials by other means. You also agree that you must obtain the consent of any third person whose personal information you post to this Web Site.We keep a record of the IP addresses from which users access our site. This logged data is used by us for internal administration, and to analyse the ways in which people use our site. The resulting information helps us to keep improving the services we offer you, but cannot be used to identify you personally.Storing Repeat Visitor InformationThe Glenfield Digital Group Web Site uses an encoded computer file named a “cookie” to store information on when you visited the site last. The cookie accepted by your computer is only designed to be read by our Web Site. Please note the latest versions of most browsers allow you to change the settings to refuse all cookies or to notify you each time a cookie is sent to your computer, giving you the choice whether to accept it or not.Disclosure of InformationWe may share general information about the use of our site with advertisers, sponsors, content providers and other third parties. However, we do not disclose any personally identifiable information to any third party without your approval. On occasions it may become necessary to release personal information, including if we are required to do so to satisfy a legal obligation. For example, we may disclose the total number of “hits” our sites receive, or how often the average user visits our site, or which terms are most often entered in our site search engine. Further, as a necessary adjunct to the proper operation of our Web Site, our staff and technical contractors, who are subject to obligations of confidentiality to us, may gain access to personal information as part of their service.Email Received via the Web SiteWe receive and reply to email from Web Site users on a regular basis. For archive purposes we retain copies of most email sent to us. We do not anticipate that the information in the email we receive or send will be disclosed to any third party without the permission of the sender, either express or implied, unless required or necessary as specified in the previous paragraph.Web LinksOur Web Site may contain links to other sites that are not affiliated or associated with, or controlled by the Glenfield Digital Group. Please be aware that these other sites may be owned or developed by people over whom we have no control, and accordingly we are not responsible for their privacy practices. This Privacy Policy applies only to those parts of our Web Site within our control.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may change this Privacy Policy from time to time at our discretion and without notice. If any such changes are made, we will make all reasonable effort to bring those changes to the attention of our Web Site users. An updated version of our Privacy Policy will be maintained on this Web Site so that you remain aware of the data we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Further InformationPlease feel free to contact us if you have any questions, comments or would like more information concerning privacy issues.
Shopping Basket
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy