https://www.marshcabinets.com/privacy-policy/
Style Galleries
Style Selector
About Marsh
Find a Dealer
Become a Dealer
Contact Us
Careers
Blog
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Marsh Furniture Company (“Marsh Furniture” or “We”) uses, maintains and discloses information collected from customers and users of this website (the “Website”).
Through your use or access of the Website, your purchase of any Marsh Furniture products, or your registration as a dealer or customer to access the Marsh Customer Area/Private Dealer Network, you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy, as revised from time to time. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy, do not use this Website or submit any Personal Information.
Information We Collect
“Personal Information” is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person, such as names and email addresses.  We do not collect any Personal Information from you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. We may collect Personal Information when you visit our Website and request information, register for the Marsh Customer Area/Private Dealer Network, or place orders.
If you sign up for our Marsh Insider Newsletter or e-mail list, each message will include instructions on how to “unsubscribe” from that list. We give you the opportunity to elect not to receive future materials from us.
Billing and Account Information
If you place an order with us, we will collect the Personal Information necessary for us to confirm your status as a dealer or other approved customer, invoice you, and ship our products to you, including but not limited to: your name, email address, shipping address, billing address, and phone number.
Cookies and Other Software
We may use cookies, beacons or other visit recognition software to improve the use and functionality of our Website (the “Usage Information”). A cookie is a small data file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your hard drive that may allow easier access the next time the same page is visited. You can configure your browser to reject cookies by modifying your browser settings, but if your browser settings do not accept cookies from us, then some functions of the Website may not operate as intended.
Do Not Track Requests
Marsh Furniture does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals sent by your web browser because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created. While we may track the sites you visited before and after our Website for our internal business purposes, we do not authorize other third parties (e.g., advertisers) to do so, but it is nonetheless possible that third parties may do so for their own purposes with respect to which we may have no knowledge or control.
How We Use Your Information
In addition to the uses and disclosures noted above with respect to Personal Information, we may use your Personal Information and Usage Information collected through the Website for the following purposes:
To grant you access to the Marsh Customer Area/Private Dealer Network;To charge you for products ordered;To provide the products that you order and to communicate with you regarding such products;To schedule delivery, transport products, and confirm delivery;To include your business in our Dealer LocatorTo respond to your inquiries and to contact you about changes to the Website;To send you notices or our Marsh Insider Newsletter;To provide and maintain the Website, help diagnose problems with our Website, and to administer and audit usage of the Website;For any other purposes disclosed at the time the information is collected or to which you consent; andAs otherwise specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
What We Share With Others
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties to enable them to market to you. We, like many businesses, sometimes hire other third parties to perform certain business-related functions.  For example, we may use third parties to: deliver products, mail information, maintain databases, host services, process or collect payments, and administer our Website.  When we employ a third party to perform a function of this nature, we provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function, which may include Personal Information.  These third parties are not authorized by us to use any of your Personal Information except as needed for such specific functions. We reserve the right to disclose any Personal Information requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity.
Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.
Protect Your Password
For those registering for access to the Marsh Customer Area/Private Dealer Network, use a strong password, not one based on common words or easily guessed terms, such as birthdays or first names. Never write down your password or share it with others. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own password and will be responsible for the activities of anyone accessing the Marsh Customer Area/Private Dealer Network using your password.
Links
This Website may link you to other sites on the Internet which are not under our control. You acknowledge that Marsh Furniture is not responsible for the accuracy, or any other aspect of the content of sites it does not operate or control. Your accessing the links to any other sites is at your own risk and subject to the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such websites.
Children’s Privacy
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 18. Marsh Furniture does not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information from children under 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit your e-mail address or any other personal information to us through the Website.
Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. To access this information, email jyoung@marshfurniture.com.
Important Notice to Non-U.S. Residents
The Website and business are operated in the United States.  If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States.  By providing us with any information through the Website, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
Uploading Content
You are solely responsible for the Personal Information and other content you post on or through our Website. You warrant that you have permission to upload any third-party information and you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Marsh Furniture, its affiliates, subsidiaries and agents from and against any claim, liability, cost and expense arising in connection with your provision of that information.
Questions?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy or wish to update your Personal Information, please e-mail us at jyoung@marshfurniture.com, “PRIVACY POLICY” in the subject line, or mail us at the following address: Marsh Furniture Company. 1001 South Centennial Street. High Point, NC 27261
We may occasionally update this policy. All revisions will be posted to this site and will become effective on the date that the modified policy is posted on our site.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 03/17/2015.