https://www.menke.com/privacy/
Home
About Us
Company Overview
Professionals
Advisory Professionals
Legal Staff
Annual Administration Staff
Appraisal Staff
Recent Clients
Recently Completed ESOP Transactions
ESOP Services
New ESOP Design & Installation
ESOP Administration
Full-Service ESOP Administration
Online ESOP Access
Legal Consulting
ESOP Appraisals
M&A Advisory Services
Repurchase Obligation Studies
ESOP IRC 409(p)….
ESOP IRS & DOL….
ESOP Employee Communications
ESOP Continuing Education
Assisting other Company Advisors
Offices
What is an ESOP?
What is an ESOP?
Profile of an ESOP Candidate
ESOP Information
ESOP Articles
ESOP On-Demand Webinars
Administration Deadlines
Recent Books on ESOPs
ESOP Industry News
Client Case Studies
Live ESOP Seminars
Live ESOP Seminars
The ABCs of ESOPs Webinar
Technical Issues Webinars
ESOP Best Practices Webinar Series
Free Preliminary Analysis
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience – (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website  – (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service – (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 2/7/2012
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.menke.com/contact-us/
Upcoming Web Seminar:
How an ESOP Can Provide Corporate and Shareholder Liquidity During the COVID-19 era
Wednesday, December 16, 2020
(1:00PM - 3:00PM EST)
This 2-hour web seminar is free-of-charge and will show how ESOPs can be structured to accomplish these and other objectives that may be essential to the sustainability of your company in navigating through this difficult period.
The COVID-19 pandemic will likely have a financial impact on most U.S. companies for 2020, 2021, and perhaps for several years beyond. During this era, many companies will be looking for ways to minimize corporate taxes and maximize cash preservation, while also maintaining competitive employee benefits. Other companies will be looking for ways to create liquidity for shareholders who wish to retire or reduce their ownership stake.
Among the topics that will be covered are the following:
What is an ESOP and what benefits can an ESOP provide to companies and their owners?
What are the basic ESOP structures?
How are ESOPs typically structured to accomplish any one or more of seven different shareholder/company objectives?
What benefits can ESOPs provide for shareholders of S corporations?
What benefits can ESOPs provide for shareholders of C corporations?
How are companies valued for ESOP purposes?
How is ESOP financing structured?
What is the impact of an ESOP on employee motivation and productivity?
SIGN UP NOW
Free Preliminary AnalysisInterested in finding out how an ESOP plan could work for your company?
For a free preliminary analysis, just fill out our ESOP Feasibility Questionnaire.
Recent ESOP News
Menke Client Graham Company Reflects on Three Years of 100% Employee Ownership
Upcoming Webinar: How an ESOP Can Provide Corporate and Shareholder Liquidity During the COVID-19 era
ESOP Companies Outperform Other Firms During COVID-19 Pandemic
Fireclay Tile Becomes the Bay Area’s Next Employee-Owned Ceramics Company
Davey Tree Shows Strength of ESOPs for the Landscaping Industry
Survey Shows Consumers Prefer Companies with ESOP Values
Menke Congratulates Applewood Seed Company on Transition to Employee Ownership
ESOPs: The Future of a Better American Economy
Phillip DeDominicis Discusses ESOPs in the Current Economy with Ohio Employee Ownership Center
How an ESOP Can Power Your Company’s Post-Shutdown Recovery, Part 2: Succession ESOPs
Copyright © 2020 The Menke Group. All rights reserved
A Certified Employee Owned (ESOP) Company | Privacy Policy |
Site Map