http://www.signsus.com/termspolicies.php
Welcome Guest: Sign In / Register
My Account
Edit Account
Saved Designs
My Quotes
My Orders
Live Design
View Cart
Sign In
View Cart - (0) $0
Outdoor Signs
Indoor Signs
Vehicle Graphics
Banners
Real Estate Signs
Storefront Window
Laser Engraving
Trade Show Signs
Promotional Items
Sign Hardware
Sign Magic™
Live Design
Live Design™
Design Express™
Image Submission Guide
Sign Terms Glossary
Material Selection Help
Material Comparsion
Letter Sizing Calculator
Live Chat
QR Code Generator
Vinyl Application Videos
How to Design A Sign
Acrylic Plastic
Alumalite
Aluminum
ARMOUR-Wood
Banners
Coroplast
Vinyl Decals
Dibond
Digital Posters
Dura-Wood
Foam Core Ultra
Dimensional
Magnetic
PVC Plastic
HDU Signs
Sandblasted Redwood
Vinyl Letters
Window Perf
Online Design
Get a Price
Photo Gallery
We love our customers!
Terms, Policies & Disclaimers
We love our customers, so please read all terms and conditions of use carefully before using this website, just so there won't be any misunderstandings. We just want to make sure that you are 100%
Satisfied with all of our services so when people ask you where you got your signs, you won’t mind telling them about TheSignChef.com.
By accessing and using this website in any way, including but not limited to,
browsing the website, using any information, using any content, using any
services, downloading any materials and/or placing an order for products or services, you agree to and are bound by the terms of use described in this
document. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions contained herein, please do not use this website in any manner. We don’t want
you to be unhappy!
100% WORKMANSHIP
GUARANTEED
We Absolutely Guarantee Customer
Satisfaction!  We stand behind our work with a 100% Customer
Satisfaction Guarantee as follows:  If you ever receive anything from our company
that is defective in workmanship or different in specifications from what you ordered, we will replace that product free of charge and even pay the shipping! Although we run spell check on every order as part of our internal quality control procedures, we cannot take
responsibility for words you misspell and/or improper grammar. You expressly agree that use of this site is at your sole risk. TheSignChef.com provides this site on an “As Is” basis. In no event will TheSignChef.com be liable for any
damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including but not
limited to, compensatory, special, indirect, incidental, punitive and/or
consequential damages. We explicitly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy, content, or availability of information found on sites that link to or from the site from third parties not associated with us. Attention: We
reserve the right to limit quantities of items purchased by each customer. We
also reserve the right to cancel orders and designs/inventory without reason. In the event a product is discontinued or an order is refused by us, the customer will be entitled to a full refund minus any artwork related charges incurred before cancellation.  Policy information is subject to change at any time without notice.
CORPORATE
DECLARATION
TheSignChef.com,
Incorporated is the parent corporation of TheSignChef group of sign companies including:
SignsUS.com
BestBuySigns.com
Credit card statements will reflect charges
from TheSignChef.com.
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Except as expressly provided otherwise, users of this site assume all risks concerning the suitability and accuracy of the information within the website, materials, publications and documents. Policy information is subject to change at any time without notice.
The website, materials, publications and documents may contain technical
inaccuracies or typographical errors. TheSignChef.com assumes no responsibility for and disclaims all liability for any such inaccuracies, errors or omissions in
the website, materials, publications and documents and in any other reference.
Purchasing from our site indicates that you agree and accept these terms,
conditions and notices, without modification. TheSignChef.com provides no warranty
for the information contained in this website, either expressed or implied,
including (but not limited to) any implied warranties of merchantability or
fitness for a particular purpose. In
plain English, this means that as the user of this site, you hereby acknowledge and agree that it is your sole responsibility to make sure that what you order meets your needs. Please bear in mind, we cannot accept any responsibility
for any orders for any products or services you place which do not fit your needs. Since the vast majority of the signs and banners we ship are custom made
to order for a specific purpose unique to the needs of that individual, business or organization, we obviously cannot place that custom sign or service back in our inventory to re-sell to another customer.
Therefore,
we have no choice but to declare that all sales are final. There are absolutely no refunds for any orders. Customer hereby waives all rights to reverse charges or charge back credit card for any and all orders.
CANCELLATION POLICY
If any order is canceled before the sign
production has started, there will be a cancellation charge up to $50 for handling applied
as a store credit. Time allocated for proofs and artwork generated by our
graphic designer will be charged at our standard hourly rate and is
non-refundable. An order cannot be canceled if sign production has started.
However, at your written request, we can prevent shipment. You will be charged
for the full amount of the order minus shipping.
PRIVACY POLICY
TheSignChef.com is committed to protecting your privacy on the Internet. We promise that any personal information you submit to us directly will NOT be used
outside of normal business operations. We will NEVER sell this information to
direct marketers! Any information received by us is held with the utmost care
and security. All information is stored on a secured server and is not
accessible to third parties. If you do not wish your information to be
processed online you do have the option of placing an order over the phone by
calling us toll free at 1-800-899-6272. This site uses a secure server (SSL) to
encrypt all of your personal information. We use customer information for the
sole purpose of processing your order or contacting you if necessary. We do
provide you with the option of receiving special promotions and offers from
TheSignChef.com via e-mail when you are setting up your account. You may at any
time contact us at support@thesignchef.com
or 1-800-899-6272 to cancel this
service.
SHIPPING POLICY
If your order is time sensitive ask your service representative for assistance.
All items purchased from TheSignChef.com are delivered pursuant to a shipment
contract with the carrier of our choosing. The risk of loss and title for such
items will pass to you upon our delivery of your order to the carrier. All
packages are automatically insured up to $100.00. If you desire to insure your
package for any amounts exceeding $100.00, please contact our office and we
will make the necessary arrangements for you. Any shipping damage should be
reported at the time of delivery to us and the shipping company. If special
packaging is ever required for proper shipping, you will be charged
accordingly.
RETURN
POLICY
Due to the custom nature of the signs offered and the fact that we cannot put
custom signs produced in our shop back into inventory to resell to another
customer, it is understood that we are unable to offer any refunds or credits
for any products. You agree that all sales are final. It is entirely your
responsibility as the client, to determine the applicability and/or fitness of
any purchases made. SignMagic
ONLINE SIGN DESIGN SOFTWARE The user of our “SignMagic” Software agrees
in using our software, that the design & final product designed serves as
the final proof and layout for the user, unless indicated otherwise in the
checkout process under “Special Instructions”. What you see is what you will
get!
COLORS
The user of SignMagic agrees that the colors specified in our software used for
designing the signs are for illustration purposes only and will vary in the
appearance and shades of the colors and are clearly not the actual final colors
for the sign products. If the shade of a particular color is critically
important, we can ship you a color chart so you can see the actual final color
that will be used in the sign. For special orders, we can come very close to
matching hundreds of Pantone Matching System (PMS) colors. Please call Customer
Service toll free at 1-800-899-6272 for assistance. The user also agrees and
accepts that designing and purchasing any product using any of our online color charts related with our services on TheSignChef.com, will look somewhat different than the actual final product since the colors specified in our software will vary in the appearance and shades of the color due to the differences in both how colors are displayed on different monitors and the
differences in materials (Vinyl, Paint, Wood, Aluminum, etc.) used. In a case
where the customer orders and receives a sign and the color is totally
different from what they ordered (example: red instead of blue, not just a
shade of blue that is different from what was expected), the customer may, of
course, request a corrected sign. Upon your written request, TheSignChef.com will
use reasonable efforts to change or cancel your order prior to production. If any order is changed prior to production, change charges including, but not limited to, artwork change charges, quantity change charges and shipping change
charges may apply. If any order is canceled before the artwork and/or sign production has started, there will be a $50 cancellation charge plus any related artwork and proofing charges at the rate
of $60 per hour. An order cannot be canceled if sign production has started. However, at your written request, we can prevent shipment. You will be
charged for the full amount of the order minus shipping.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
We believe strongly in protecting intellectual property rights online. Our
TheSignChef.com online store and SignMagic Software is provided to users for
designing and buying signs and other related products. When users of this service sign-up, they agree to not infringe on corporate logos, trademarks,
trade names, service marks, or copyrights owned or claimed by another. Further,
each time users upload a design to our site, they are agreeing that no
copyrighted material may be placed on the service by anyone without the
permission of the copyright owner or persons authorized by the copyright owner
to grant permission, and take full responsibility for any violations. We
reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse to accept orders from
customers who we have reason to believe have infringed or otherwise violated
the intellectual property rights of others.
OFFENSIVE or DEMEANING
MATERIALS
You agree not to use TheSignChef.com services to create any material that is
unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory,
vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially,
ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or that infringes on any patent,
trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any third party.
The content of TheSignChef.com and related services are intended for professional
business use and other related uses. We recognize that the definition of
"offensive" and "demeaning" will vary. Therefore, we
reserve the right to not accept or produce any order deemed by us to be
offensive or demeaning. We appreciate your help and understanding. This policy
is meant to curtail abuses in our automated SignMagic Design Software.
TheSignChef.com has the sole discretion to reject any order that it considers
libelous, defamatory, obscene, profane (according to standards established by
the FCC), portraying irresponsible use of alcohol or other substances,
advocating persecution based on gender, age, race, disability or national
origin, containing explicit sexual content or is otherwise inappropriate for
TheSignChef.com production. Designs that do not meet this policy will be removed
and/or orders cancelled. Most notably, we will not print obscene words or
“pornographic” images. Nude images, considered at our sole discretion to be a
form of “art”, may be acceptable. We will cancel orders and not be responsible
for commissions for designs that violate the intent of these statements.
DESIGN VIOLATIONS
From time to time, users may violate these agreements without our knowledge.
However, we work diligently to prevent such violations. Our customer service
department audits designs that are created daily and will cancel any order
deemed to be in violation of this agreement. If you believe your intellectual
property has been violated, please contact us right away with the subject or
object of the violation and we will promptly act to address such violations.
Once again, we try to protect your intellectual property rights. Your rights
are very important to us. Please contact management@TheSignChef.com right away
regarding any violations so we can address them immediately.
INDEMNITY
By using this site, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold TheSignChef.com
harmless from and against any and all liability, claims, costs and expenses,
alleging or resulting from your use of the site in violation or breach of this
agreement. By submitting an order to us, you agree to defend, indemnify and
hold us harmless from and against any and all liability, claims, costs and
expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) in any action by any
third party based on a claim that you infringed such third parties intellectual
property rights. All content on this site, including but not limited to the
arrangement and assembly of the site, text, graphics, logos, button icons,
images and software (collectively "content"), is protected by Federal
Copyright Law and may not be used without the express permission of
TheSignChef.com. This site and the content may be used only to design and order
printed material from TheSignChef.com or its authorized dealers. Any other use,
including but not limited to, reproduction, modification, distribution,
redistribution, publication, or republication of any or all of the content on
this site is strictly prohibited. The content, this site or any portion of this
site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, or otherwise
exploited for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, that is not expressly
permitted by TheSignChef.com in writing.
PERSONAL USE LIMITATION
This site is for your
private use only. The content and software on this site may only be used
as a shopping resource. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit,
display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from,
transfer, or sell any content, information, software, products, or services
obtained from this Site.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer
agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, you must cease your use of the site.
If at any time after such termination you return to the site, your reuse of the
site will constitute a re-acceptance of the Agreement. YOU AGREE THAT WE SHALL
NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCESS TO
THE SITE.
SALES TAXES & DUTIES
We shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders
from the State of South Carolina.
Customers from any other state or country shall be solely responsible for all
other taxes and duties applicable in their jurisdiction.
JURISDICTION & VENUE
We control the site from our offices in North Charleston,
South Carolina within the United States. By using this site,
you agree that any legal action brought against TheSignChef.com shall be governed
by the laws of the State of South
Carolina without regard to its conflict of laws
principles. By using this site you agree that the sole jurisdiction and venue
for any litigation arising from your use of this site shall be an appropriate United States federal or South
Carolina state court located in Charleston County, South Carolina,
United States.
Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect
to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including, without limitation,
this paragraph. GENERAL These section titles in the Terms of Use are for
convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. You agree that no
agency, joint venture or partnership relationship exists between you and
TheSignChef.com as a result of this agreement or use of this site. If any part of this
agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable
law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability
limitations set forth above, then the invalid enforceable provision that most
closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the
agreement shall continue in effect. This agreement (and any other terms and
conditions referenced herein) constitutes the entire agreement between you and
TheSignChef.com with respect to this site and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or
written, between you and TheSignChef.com with respect to the site. A printed
version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be
admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to
this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other
business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed
form.
WE TRULY APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS!
Tim Harrelson
Head SignChef
24 Years of Sign Experience Working For You
Look Around
About Us
Gallery
Articles
Contact Us
Special Services
Sign Magic™
Live Design™
Design Express™
Material Selection Help
Material Comparsion
Letter Sizing Calculator
Live Chat
QR Code Generator
Help Us Help You
Free Resources
Our Technology
Email Authorization
Image Submission Guide
Sign Terms Glossary
Custom Quote
Design A Sign
Vinyl Application Videos
Other Stuff
Privacy Policy
Satisfaction
Terms of Use
Shipping & Returns
100% Secure Shopping
Sitemap
&copy2020 TheSignChef.com, Inc. All rights reserved.