https://www.web2gold.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Temple Development Corporation
P.O. Box 445
Sylvania, OH 43560
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Any information that  you submit to us via one of our contact forms is stored on our network computers or on one of the online SaaS programs we use such as, but not limited to CRM, Social Media Manager and Email Marketing Programs
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use a variety of analytics programs such, but not limited to Google Analytics to track user data for marketing purposes. That information will be stored in the SaaS program provider that provides the service and on our network computers.
Who we share your data with
Your data is only used internally for our marketing use. It is NEVER sold, rented, or traded to anyone outside of our company. Our primary use of this data is to communicate via email and search engine marketing advertising with marketing offers from us for our services or products. In addition, data we collect from one method may be shared with one of our SaaS programs we use for marketing. Any data used in an external SaaS program is controlled by our company and only shared with individuals associated with our company.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
In addition, any information you share with us through interaction with our marketing efforts may be stored until we deem it of no use or you request that the information be deleted.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Temple Development Corporation
P.O. Box 445
Sylvania, OH 43560
Phone: 419-882-4904
How we protect your data
All data that is provided is kept on our company network, computers or in one of our SaaS services. We take every reasonable precaution to keep this information safe from hackers and data thieves by running current anti-virus software, updating software and operating systems and keeping firmware on routers and computers updated. Other information you provide may be stored with our hosting company Site Ground. In addition, data may be stored in accounts on our SaaS programs. All of these companies maintain their own practices for keeping their servers protected which are outside of our control.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If we are notified by our hosting company, SaaS provider or if we experience a data breach on our own network we will send out an email message to the entire current list indicating this has happened.
What third parties we receive data from
We do receive third party data from Google Analytics and other SaaS providers about your session visits. That information is collected and administered by Google or the SaaS provider. We may keep some of that information on our network from time to time.
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
The only automated processes we have on our site is through our email marketing service provider in the form of auto-responder messages you may receive if you sign up on our email list. In addition, we may segment our email list for marketeing purposes, but this is done manually and is not automated at this time.
Plugin: Smush
Note: Smush does not interact with end users on your website. The only input option Smush has is to a newsletter subscription for site admins only. If you would like to notify your users of this in your privacy policy, you can use the information below.
Smush sends images to the WPMU DEV servers to optimize them for web use. This includes the transfer of EXIF data. The EXIF data will either be stripped or returned as it is. It is not stored on the WPMU DEV servers.
Smush uses a third-party email service (Drip) to send informational emails to the site administrator. The administrator’s email address is sent to Drip and a cookie is set by the service. Only administrator information is collected by Drip.