http://www.atec-inc.com/privacy-statement-123
Privacy Statement | ATEC
(314) 447-3200
Search
Contact ATEC »
Menu
Receiverships
Appraisals
Valuations
Consultative Services
Asset Recovery
+ Sales
Assets For Sale
Auctions
+ About Us
Our Team
Privacy Statement
Atec, Inc is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Atec, Inc Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Atec, Inc website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Atec, Inc collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Atec, Inc also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Atec, Inc. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Atec, Inc for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Atec, Inc Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Atec, Inc public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Atec, Inc does not read any of your private online communications.
Atec, Inc encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Atec, Inc so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Atec, Inc is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Atec, Inc and Atec, Inc family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Atec, Inc collects and uses your personal information to operate the Atec, Inc Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Atec, Inc also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Atec, Inc and its affiliates. Atec, Inc may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Atec, Inc does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Atec, Inc may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Atec, Inc may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Atec, Inc, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Atec, Inc does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Atec, Inc keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Atec, Inc, in order to determine what Atec, Inc services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Atec, Inc to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Atec, Inc Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Atec, Inc or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Atec, Inc; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Atec, Inc, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Atec, Inc Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Atec, Inc pages, or register with Atec, Inc site or services, a cookie helps Atec, Inc to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Atec, Inc Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Atec, Inc features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Atec, Inc services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Atec, Inc secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Atec, Inc secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Atec, Inc will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Atec, Inc encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Atec, Inc is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Atec, Inc welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Atec, Inc has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Atec, Inc at geoff.baltz@apexit.net. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Current Auctions
Join Our Mailing List
Sign up now to get notifications about new sale items or auctions.
Financial Institutions
Appraisals, CRO, Receiverships, Liquidation, SBA 7A/504 Financing
Law Firms
Receiverships, CRO, Appraisals
Business Professionals
Surplus Asset Sales, Business Cessation Sales, Acquisition Business Sale, Appraisals, Insurable Value, M&E Appraisals
Accounting Firms
Appraisals, Business Analysis, Inventory Valuation, Business Evaluation
General Public
Public Auctions & Inventory Sales
Contact Us|Terms of Use|Privacy Statement
ATEC • 15455 Conway Road • Suite 355 • Chesterfield, Missouri 63017 • T (314) 447-3200 • F (314) 447-3800
© 2016 Copyright, Atec