http://www.british-aggregates.co.uk/site-policies
Site Policies - British Aggregates Association
Skip to content
British Aggregates Association
The Association for Independent Quarry Operators
Menu
Home
About Us
The Quarrying Industry
Current Issues
Restoration of Quarries
Health and Safety
Free Health and Safety Check
Assessment of Operating Standards
Certificate Holders of the BAA Assessment of Operating Standards Scheme
The Assessment Panel
Single Site Assessments
Multi-Site Assessments
Quarry of the Year Award
BAA and QNJAC
Accident Statistics
News
Press Releases
Events
Documentation
Resources and Links
Membership
Member Services
Members News
CPA News
News of Members
Current Consultations
Meeting Minutes
Annual Meetings
Aggregate Working Parties
CBI Minerals Group
UK Minerals Forum
Other
Collection of Accident Statistics
Assessment Of Operating Standards
Aggregates Levy
CE Marking for Aggregates
Moisture Rebates
Statistics
QNJAC Toolbox Talks
BAA Members Map
List of BAA Members
List of BAA Associates
Login
My Account
Account Information
Logout
Contact
Site Policies
Personal Information
We respect your privacy. Information you give us about yourself will be held in confidence. We only hold information about you so that we can communicate with you and to send you newsletters and offers if you have requested these. We don’t pass on your details to anyone else. Please note that the companies we use to provide mailing facilities may be outwith the EU or US Safe Harbor program.
Cookies
We use Google  Analytics to help us understand how people are using this website and make it easier to find the most commonly used pages. Cookies may also be used to keep track of your user authentication when you log in to the  Members Area.
GDPR
In compliance with the GDPR requirements of 2018, you have the right to request details of your personal information held by British Aggregates Association and have that corrected or deleted. If you wish to submit a data request to us, please use email or post as detailed on the Contact Page.
Newsletters
We like to send occasional email newsletters. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
Our mailshots are in compliance with UK Spam Laws (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003). No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you may request a copy of personal information held about you by this website’s email newsletter program. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the business address on our Contact page.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or it’s owners may contain tracking facilities, such as the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity (this is not a comprehensive list). However, that is solely used to refine future email campaigns and supply you with more relevant content based around your activity.
You may un-subscribe from our newsletters at any time through (1) the unsubscribe link at the foot of each email campaign or (2) just drop us an email.
Copyright
The content of this website is Copyright 2018, British Aggregates Association. Unless stated otherwise, images on this website have been licenced for use on this site. They are not in the public domain and may not be freely copied or reused.
Terms of Use
By using this website you agree to the following conditions.
This Website is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis. British Aggregates Association gives no warranty that the website will be free of defects and / or faults.
British Aggregates Association accepts no liability for any disruption or non-availability of the website resulting from external causes including, but not limited to, ISP equipment failure, host equipment failure, communications network failure, power failure, natural events, legal restrictions and censorship.
Misuse of this website is strictly forbidden including (but not limited to) attempting to access to its administration screens without authorisation, attempting to upload material to the website without authorisation or attempting to disrupt its operation. This website logs all access to it and misuse will be reported to the Internet Service Provider of offending IP addresses.
Search
Search for:
Search
Your Privacy and Site Policies
Copyright British Aggregates Association, 2018.Design and hosting by Country Computers.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok