https://www.homestead.bank/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
FACTS
What does Homestead Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial institutions choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand that we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depends on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Income Information
Account balances
Payment history
Transaction history
Credit history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial institutions need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Homestead Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Homestead Bank Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes: such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes: to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies:
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes: information about your transactions and experiences
No
We Don't Share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes: information about your creditworthiness
No
We Don't Share
For affiliates to market to you:
No
We Don't Share
For nonaffiliates to market to you:
No
We Don't Share
Questions?
Call 308-784-2000 or visit www.homesteadbank.com
Who is providing this notice?
Homestead Bank, Homestead Insurance & Homestead Investments.
How does Homestead Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Homestead Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Apply for Insurance or Pay Insurance Premium
Access our online services we may collect information in the form of a “cookies”.  This information is protected and used only for internal processing and to verify you identity.
We also collect your personal information from others such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your credit worthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Homestead Bank does not share with our affiliates.
Non Affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Homestead Bank does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Homestead Bank does not jointly market.
Our Services
Banking
PersonalBusinessAgricultureMortgageNotice RE: Covid-19Homestead.bankMobile Banking/Mobile Deposits
InsuranceInvestments
Calculators
LoanLoan ComparisonSavings
Credit CardsReorder Checks
Start Your Journey
We've made it easier than ever to become a customer at Homestead.
Make the Switch
or find a local branch near you.
Start your journey.
Make the switch to Homestead Bank.
Find A Local Branch
CozadAlbionHowellsLexingtonSchuylerSt. PaulWolbach
Make the Switch