http://www.maya.com/privacy-policy
Home
Expertise
Work
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
Like most companies with websites, we collect ordinary data from everyone who browses our website. This includes basic information such as computer operating system, browser type and internet protocol (IP) address. We use this data to manage and improve our services.
We use cookies and similar technologies to make our services better. As you probably know, cookies are text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Our cookies remind us that you are who you are and help your browser navigate our website efficiently. You can manually delete cookies or set your browser to delete them automatically.
We may disclose your information if we are required by law or court order to do so or to take action to enforce an agreement with you.
We use third party suppliers for certain functions, such as web hosting. We share information with these suppliers in order to enable them to provide their services to us and to you. We also use data analytics services from third parties to help us understand how visitors use our site and to improve our services. When you navigate or are redirected to a third-party’s website, your activities and information will be governed by the terms and policies of such third-party.
Consent
By browsing the content on our website, you consent to our collecting the information described above and using it for the purposes described in this privacy policy or in any written agreement between you and us. We may ask you for permission to use your personal information for other purposes, in which case we will provide you with an opportunity to say no. We are not in the business of selling personal information to third parties, and we will not use your name in marketing statements without your permission.
You may withdraw your consent for us to contact you at any time by contacting us at the email or mail addresses below.
Security
We take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from unauthorized use or disclosure. You acknowledge, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is fully secure.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on our website. Your continued use of the MAYA website after any such changes are published shall constitute your acceptance of all such changes.
Questions and Contact Information
If you have questions or comments about our policy, please contact our Privacy Compliance Officer by email at info@maya.com or by conventional mail at:
MAYA Design, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer
Four Gateway Center
444 Liberty Ave., Suite 1600
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania US 15222
ATTN: Privacy Compliance Officer
Expertise
Work
Company
People
Careers
Blog
News
Privacy Policy
PGH
444 Liberty AvenueSuite 1600Pittsburgh, PA 15222
NYC
10 Hudson Yards.New York, NY 10001
Contact
412-488-2900
Fax: 412-488-2940
©2020 MAYA Design, Inc. All Rights Reserved. MAYA® and Taming Complexity® are registered trademarks of MAYA Design, Inc.Other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.