http://www.lapeyrestair.com/terms
ABOUT
ABOUT
OUR STORYOUR FACILITIESCODE COMPLIANCECUSTOMER TESTIMONIALSWARRANTY CLAIMS AND RETURNS
PRODUCTS
PRODUCTS
ALTERNATING TREAD STAIRSPREFABRICATED METAL STAIRSCOMMERCIAL STEEL STAIRSCROSSOVER SYSTEMSMEZZANINE STAIRSLOADING DOCK STAIRSSTAIR TOWERSWORK PLATFORMSNON-SLIP METAL STAIR TREADS
APPLICATIONS
APPLICATIONS
INDUSTRIAL APPLICATIONSCOMMERCIAL APPLICATIONSROOF ACCESS APPLICATIONS
RESOURCES
RESOURCES
DESIGN RESOURCESTECHNICAL RESOURCESINSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONSPRODUCT LITERATUREBLOG POSTS
CONTACT
LOGIN
Terms of Use
Please read these terms carefully before using this web site
Lapeyre Stair, Inc. ("Lapeyre Stair") provides the materials on this Web site as a service to its customers and others considering purchasing Lapeyre Stair products. This Web site may be used for informational purposes only. You may download single copies of materials available on this Web site subject to the provisions of this notice. By downloading any materials from this Web site, you agree to the terms of the provisions. If you do not agree to the terms, do not use this Web site or download any materials from it.
Privacy policy
Read the Lapyere Stair online privacy policy.
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of this Web site are: Copyright © 2020 Lapeyre Stair, Inc., New Orleans, Louisiana 70123 U.S.A. All rights reserved. Lapeyre Stair, Lapeyre, and other names of Lapeyre Stair products and services referenced on this Web site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Laitram, L.L.C. ("Laitram"), Lapeyre Stair's parent. Laitram's trademarks may be used publicly only with Laitram's permission. Other trademarks and company names appearing on this Web site may be the property of their respective owners.
Single copy license
The materials on this Web site are copyrighted. Your unauthorized use of any materials on this Web site may violate copyright, trademark, or other laws. You may download one copy of the information, services, software, photographs, text, video, graphics, images, sounds, and other materials ("Materials") found on this Web site on a single computer for your personal use only. You may print one copy of the Materials for your own personal use. This is a license, not a transfer of title, subject to the following restrictions. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, display, or incorporate into another web site the Materials without Lapeyre Stair's written consent. You may not decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble any software Materials except to the extent permitted by applicable law. You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Materials. You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials.
Registration
When you register with this Web site, you represent that you have read this Web Site Use Notice and the Lapeyre Stair Online Privacy Policy , that you understand them, and that you agree to accept their terms and conditions. In registering, you agree that the information you obtain (including downloads of dimensional prints or CAD drawings or programs) will be used only for the purpose of evaluating or using Lapeyre Stair products or services. Applying our software or design information to non-Lapeyre-Stair products is expressly prohibited and will likely lead to errors, as it is not designed or intended for this purpose. As a registrant, you further represent that you are not and do not work for a competitor of Lapeyre Stair. You agree that you have visited this Web site and provided accurate information to Lapeyre Stair with the bona fide intent to access Lapeyre Stair materials only for the purpose of evaluating and using Lapeyre Stair products and services, and not with an ulterior intent, such as to download portions of this Web site or to use the materials on this Web site to compete directly or indirectly with Lapeyre Stair or to give the materials to a competitor of Lapeyre Stair. You further agree to keep your password confidential and not to disclose it to any other person. If you are employed by a competitor of Lapeyre Stair, you agree not to register with this Web site.
Liability disclaimer
The Materials published on this Web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the Materials. Lapeyre Stair may make improvements or other changes to this Web site at any time.
Lapeyre Stair makes no representations about the suitability of the materials contained on this Web site for any purpose. All the materials are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Lapeyre Stair hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to these materials, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.
In no event shall Lapeyre Stair be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential, or any damages whatsoever arising out of or in any way connected with the use of this Web site or with the delay in using or the inability to use this Web site, or for any materials obtained through this Web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this Web site, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, even if Lapeyre Stair has been advised of the possibility of damages. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of this Web site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Web site.
Applicable disclaimer
This Web site is controlled and operated by Lapeyre Stair from its offices in the United States. By accessing this Web site, you agree that the statutes and laws of the United States and the state of Louisiana, U.S.A., without regard to conflicts of laws principles, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this Web site, and you agree that any litigation shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Louisiana, U.S.A. Those accessing this Web site from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for complying with applicable local laws.
No unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of this Web site, you warrant to Lapeyre Stair that you will not use this Web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices.
Links to third part sites
This Web site may contain hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than Lapeyre Stair. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. Lapeyre Stair does not control the web sites of other parties and is not responsible for their contents. Lapeyre Stair's inclusion of hyperlinks to web sites of other parties does not imply any endorsement of the material on those web sites or any association with their operators.
Modifications of these terms and conditions
Lapeyre Stair reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which this Web site is offered. Your continued use of this Web site after any change signifies your acceptance of the then-current terms, conditions, and notices.
Access restriction
Lapeyre Stair reserves the right to deny, in its sole discretion, any user access to this Web site or any portion of it without notice.