http://www.deflecto.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Web Administration
If you have questions regarding our security practices or privacy policies, please contact:
Deflecto, LLC7035 E 86th St.Indianapolis, IN 46250United StatesPhone: 1-800-428-4328Fax: 1-877-333-5351Email: customerservice@deflecto.com
Information Collection and Use
We respect each visitor’s right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this privacy statement. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website.
Information Collection
Deflecto, LLC is the sole owner of information collected on www.deflecto.com by Deflecto, LLC. We may collect information from you in several different places on our Web site. We treat all collected information with complete confidentiality.
At certain places on this website, you must complete registration requirements in order to receive information about our products and services. We will ask for relevant contact information (such as name, company, telephone, and email address). We will use this information to contact you regarding products and services for which you have expressed interest. We do not require that you submit credit card information or a social security number in association with the use of this website or during any form of registration.
Information Use
We store information we collect through web forms, cookies, and log files to help create a profile of our users and ultimately, a personalized experience to our website. The information we collect is used to:
Improve the content of our web page.
Notify visitors about updates to our Web site.
Follow up with requested information.
The information we collect is never shared with other organizations for commercial use.
Cookies
This site collects cookies.
We use cookies to facilitate the filling out of various web forms. After completing a form, a cookie is set saving your information (indicated above) which then pre-populates the relevant sections of other forms you may be asked to complete on our website. We also utilize cookies for password protected sections of our website. By placing a cookie on our website, users will not be required to input information on repeated visits.
Cookies are collected as part of our effort to generate log summaries and measure traffic to www.deflecto.com. Our reports are general and do not use cookies to monitor a users specific experience on our web site.
Security
We take every relevant precaution to protect your information. All of our visitors’ information is restricted in our offices or data center. Only employees who need access to the information to perform a specific job (i.e. sales, inside sales, or marketing), will be able to utilize this information. Additionally, all employees are kept informed of our security and privacy policies. If we decide to make changes to our privacy statement, all changes will be posted on this privacy statement.
This document was last updated on June 27, 2019. This privacy statement covers the website www.deflecto.com. In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices.
Close