http://www.macquariecu.com.au/privacy.html
Privacy
As a member owned financial institution we understand just how important privacy is to each and every individual. We take this responsibility very seriously and ensure we handle your information with the utmost of care. We are required by law to abide by the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles when we collect, hold and manage your personal information. Please read our Privacy Notification for Banking Customers and APP Privacy Policy for more information.
Privacy Notification for Banking Customers
1. Our commitment
We value your trust in us as a member-owned banking entity. It is important for us to protect and keep your personal information, including your financial information, securely. To achieve this we are committed to complying with the requirements of the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) when we collect, hold and manage your personal information, that is, information that allows others to identify you. The APPs provide a set of rules which govern how we collect, use, disclose and store personal information. The APPs also require us on to have a clearly expressed and up-to-date APP privacy policy about our management of personal information.
2. Collection & use of personal information
We collect and hold personal information about you to:
• provide you with membership benefits, financial services and products or information about those benefits, services and products
• provide you with information about financial services and products from 3rd parties we have arrangements with
• conduct market or customer satisfaction research
The law also requires us to collect and hold personal information about you:
• for our register of members under the Corporations Act
• to verify your identity under the AML/CTF Act
3. How we collect personal information
In providing our banking services, we will collect personal information directly from you.
We will also ask for your identification information whenever you give us instructions in relation to any of your accounts.
From time to time, we will ask you to confirm your contact information.
4. What if you do not wish to provide us with information?
If you do not give us the personal information we require, we may not be able to admit you to membership or provide you with the financial service or product you have applied for.
5. Providing your personal information to other organisations
In providing our financial services and products to you, it may be necessary for us to disclose your personal information to other organisations. We only disclose your personal information to the extent necessary and to the extent required by law. The types of organisations that we can disclose your personal information to are:
• organisations that provide information to verify your identity
• contractors for statement printing and mail out, card and cheque production, market research or direct marketing
• 3rd party product suppliers to provide information to you about their services and products
6. Our APP Privacy Policy
Our APP Privacy Policy is available at www.macquariecu.com.au.
The Policy contains information about:
• how you can access your personal information
• how you can seek correction of that personal information
• how you may complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles
• how we will deal with your complaint
7. Providing your personal information to overseas recipients
It is not likely that we will disclose your personal information to overseas recipients.
8. How to contact us
Phone: 1300 885 480
Fax: 02 6882 6909
Email: info@macquariecu.com.au
Mail: PO Box 1618, Dubbo NSW 2830
Please visit our full list of disclosure statements to view, save or print our Privacy Notification for Banking Customers and/or APP Privacy Policy.
Become a Member
Switch to Macquarie Credit Union
Home Loan
Personal Loan
Car Loan
Overdraft
Visa Credit Card
Business Loans
Savings Account
Term Deposits
Visa Debit Card
Cheque Book
Internet Banking
Phone Banking
Multi-Currency Cash Passport
Make a General Enquiry
Financial Planning Enquiry
Insurance Enquiry
Estatements
Sponsorship
Home Loan Key Fact Sheet
Borrowing Power
Extra Repayments
Home Loan Repayments
Honeymoon Loan
Loan Comparison
Lump Sum Repayment
Split Loan
Stamp Duty
Car Loan
Personal Loan
Budget Planner
Savings Plan
Term Deposit
Income Tax
Loan Interest Rates
Savings Interest Rates
Fees and Charges
Factsheets
Account transfer request
Additional Visa card request
Dynamic sweep
Cheque stop payment notice - corporate
Cheque stop payment notice - member
Direct debit request
Payroll deduction authority
Periodical payment authority
Third party authorisation
Redraw request
Increase EFT daily limit
ATM dispute
Mortgage offset activation form
Loan Application
Refer a Friend
Budget Planner
About
About
MembershipIt is easy to become a Member of Macquarie Credit Union.
Our HistorySee how far Macquarie Credit Union has come over the years.
Board of DirectorsThe Credit Union is governed by a Board of Directors.
Meet the StaffIt is nice to sometimes put a face to the name.
Publications / APS 330 Prudential DisclosuresDownload a copy of our reports and newsletters.
Disclosure StatementsDownload our disclosure statements.
Customer Owned Banking Code of PracticeOver 4 million Australians are members of Mutuals.
Switch your accounts to the Credit UnionSwitching to the Credit Union is so easy.
Loans
Loans
Home and Investment LoansVariety of home loans to satisfy your needs.
Fixed Rate Home LoanAvailable for 1, 2, and 3 years
Car LoansWe'll help you drive away sooner with a new car.
Personal LoansWe can help you realise your dream with a personal loan.
OverdraftsA continuing line of credit facility attached to your transaction account.
Lifestyle LoanFOR VEHICLES UP TO 2 YEARS OLD
Deposits
Deposits
Savings AccountsKeep more money in your pockets with our savings options.
Term Deposit AccountsMake the most from your money with our Term Deposit.
Financial Claims SchemeWe are an Approved Deposit Taking Institution.
Access
Access
24/7 BankingIt's important always have access to your funds.
Deposits and WithdrawalsTransact on your accounts in a variety of ways.
New Macquarie Credit Union Mobile Banking AppFOR BANKING ON THE GO
BPAYWith BPAY, you can pay all those tiresome bills in one hit.
Cards
Visa Credit CardA "no fuss" credit card that offers value for money.
Card SecurityGuidelines to protect against unauthorised use of your card and PIN.
Visa Debit CardVisa gives you the peace of mind to make things happen.
Visa SecureSecure online purchasing with enhanced protection.
eStatementsThe convenience of always having statements available.
Business
Business
BankLinkSave time and effort on your accounting.
Business LoansAchieve your goals and grow your business.
Insurance
Insurance
CGU InsuranceHOME & CONTENTS, LANDLORDS, MOTOR & TRAVEL INSURANCE
Financial Tips
Financial Tips
Managing Your BudgetA budget is a tool to help you reach your goal.
Managing Your Credit CardCheck out these credit card management tips.
Buying a CarConsider all your options before taking the plunge.
Buying a HomeBuying a home is exciting but nerve-racking, it's important to plan ahead.
Managing Financial DifficultyA financial crisis can happen to anyone, learn how to manage it.
Financial HardshipWhen facing financial difficulty it's hard to communicate concerns.
Financial PlanningMore than just managing your savings and investments.
Travel
Travel
Cash Passport Platinum MastercardA convenient and secure way to carry multiple currencies when travelling.
Foreign Exchange ServicesOffer you a range of foreign exchange services.
Travel InsuranceCGU Travel Insurance for Domestic and International Travel.
Community
Community
SponsorshipsApply for sponsorship
Staff InitiativesStaff Community Involvement
Hidden Clicker