http://www.marshallpet.com/privacy-policy/
Customer Support
Sign In
Cart
0
Global Account Log In
Email Adress
Password
Register
Forgot Password?
0
Secure Checkout
Products
Main Menu
Where To Buy
New Products
Diet & Nutrition
Grooming
Healthcare
Toys
Fashion
Travel & Outdoor
Other Small Animal Products
Good-Bye Odor
Homes & Accessories
Litter & Accessories
Collars & Leads
Earth’s Balance
Our Diet
Baby Ferrets
Main Menu
Marshall Pet Ferret Guarantee
Find A Ferret
Resources
Main Menu
Register Your Ferret
Video Trainings
Ferret Care Tips
About Us
Main Menu
Testimonials
Add Your Testimonial
Blog
Contact
FQ Library
WordPress Header
Home Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using this site or submitting any personal information. By using this site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive, basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. We may occasionally use your e-mail to send you promotions or offers that we think will interest you. However, we will never sell or provide your information to other firms, advertisers, retailers, etc. without your explicit approval.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
Our site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technologies, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: info@marshallpet.com
By Phone: 1-800-292-3424
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.