http://www.projectlink.co.uk/terms
Get in touch
FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
PHONE NUMBER
EMAIL
JOB ROLE
COMPANY
HOW CAN WE HELP YOU?
OPT IN TO EMAIL MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
See our privacy notice
Fill in the form below to download your content
FIRST NAME
LAST NAME
PHONE NUMBER
EMAIL
JOB ROLE
COMPANY
OPT IN TO EMAIL MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
See our privacy notice
Rewards
Prepaid Cards
Extend your brand with customised cards.
Gift Cards
Powerful, crowd-pleasing solutions.
Digital Rewards
Incentive solutions for the connected participant.
Customer Engagement
Customer Engagement
Effective customer engagement solutions.
Customer Acquisition
Powerful incentives for attracting new customers.
Loyalty & Retention
Retain and grow your customer base through loyalty schemes.
Product Recall Campaigns
Deliver a positive customer experience when it is most needed.
Customer Rewards
Browse our market-leading reward incentives.
Employee Engagement
Employee Engagement
We are the employee engagement experts.
Employee Benefits
We offer tax-efficient benefits that employees love.
Performance Incentives
Reward staff for hitting targets and for achieving company objectives.
Employee Discount Schemes
Cost-effective schemes for saving employees money.
Employee Recognition
For long service awards, birthdays or outstanding performance.
Partnerships
See all partnerships
Partner with us.
Insights
News
About
Customer Service
0207 419 8100
Rewards
Our vast range of rewards can be used말n variety of customer and employee engagement programmes, for one-time rewards or as part of a long-term engagement strategy.
Talk To Us
Gift Cards
The widest selection of gift cards in the UK, for use in a variety of incentive programmes.
Gift Cards
Prepaid Cards
Perfect for one-time or ongoing reward payments suitable for consumers or employees.
Prepaid Reward Cards
Reward Platforms
Select말s our powerful redemption platform for providing rewards for customers or employees.
Select
There's areward option to suit everyone
1234
Customer EngagementEmployee RecognitionCompensationMillennial Preferences
Customer Engagement
If your focus is마cquiring, retaining and growing the spend of your맊ustomer base, we can help. Your next campaign needs a reward proposition맚hat resonates with your target audience. We have decades of insights that we use to create the ideal programme for your brand.
Tell Us Your Goal
Employee Recognition
We provide a variety of만mployee reward and recognition solutions for some of the most successful companies in the UK. Our clients use Hawk Incentives solutions to reward their staff for meeting objectives, for long service milestones, for on the spot rewards and more. We are experts when it comes to employee motivation.
Let's Talk Employee Engagement
Compensation
If you want to increase your customer lifetime value, you need an effective strategy for managing negative customer experiences. Timely맊ompensation payments for issues such as service disruption can greatly improve the consumer's perception맖f your brand and their long-term brand loyalty. We can be your partner in providing the type of compensation that customers want.
Ask Us More
49%
of prepaid spend is by millennials
Millennial Preferences
Nearly half all prepaid card spend is by those in the 18-32 bracket. If your audience is young, a prepaid card could be the right incentive to use. For more insights on prepaid card, download our Whitepaper: Playing Your Cards Right.
Download Whitepaper
Find맚he right reward with Hawk Incentives
Let us be your parter in finding the right reward for your audience. Be it customer acquistion, employee recognition or loyalty rewards - we are a leading provider맖f engagement solutions.
Reward Choice
A plethora of options for you to choose from. We can find a reward that matches your target audience.
Full Service
Our team can handle만verything, from production and delivery of the reward to post-sale support.
Partnership
From the ground up, we are your partner in finding the right solution to meet your corporate goals.
Fast Delivery
We have digital solutions that can be delivered within hours. If you need rewards fast, we can help.
Credibility
Over 10,500 companies in the UK trust our decades of experience to deliver what they need.
Talk To Us
Whitepapers & Reports
Whitepaper: Playing Your Cards Right
This Whitepaper covers incentives, rewards and compensation payments and how you can harness the potential of prepaid cards. Card payments are now our default way to pay, but how can we use them effectively to inspire our customers and change their behaviour? Download the whitepaper today.
Download Now