http://www.satcon.com/en/privacy
Email
Password
Forgot Password
The Americas
Europe / Middle East / Africa
Asia Pacific
English
Chinese
Spanish
German
French
Italian
Czech
Greek
Log In
|
Register
|
Home
Solutions
Overview
Customer Success Stories
Technologies
Overview
Container Platform
Equinox
Equinox Hybrid
PowerGate Plus
Certifications
Services
Overview
Support Services
Warranty Plans
About Us
Overview
Innovation Timeline
Vision, Mission and Objectives
Locations
Press Releases
Contact Us
Contact Info
Ask an Expert
Contact Sales
Search
Contact
Sales
Ask an Expert
Resource Library
String Size Calculator
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Satcon Technology Corporation.
The following "Privacy Policy" discloses the information practices followed by Satcon Technology Corporation with respect to its PV View Plus™ service, including the type of information that we gather, the way we use information internally, and our policy regarding sharing information with others.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information means any information that is related to an identified person, or that may be used to identify an individual, including: first and last name; email address; a home, postal or other physical address or other contact information; title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, or personal interests; and other personal information necessary or useful to provide a product or service that you have requested.
Domain Name and IP Address
We collect the domain names and IP addresses of users of PV View Plus for statistical purposes, in order to measure use of PV View Plus, to improve the content or responsiveness of PV View Plus or to customize the content or layout of PV View Plus for the individual user. We do not disclose this information to third parties.
We may aggregate information relating to our users' traffic patterns from the data that we collect and retain, and we may divulge such aggregate information about our users with third parties such as our business partners, distributors, and service and support providers.
Log Files
We maintain a log file of all actions that are initiated or facilitated using our website, to capture, record and store data concerning the transaction. Access to this data is restricted to those who administer our network and public website.
E-mail Address
You should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against all forms of interception. If your communication includes sensitive information about you and you would prefer not to transmit this information in this fashion, please contact us by mail or telephone rather than e-mail. We collect e-mail addresses that are volunteered by the user, from e-mail messages addressed to our company or its employees, or through user participation in surveys and site registrations. We use the e-mail addresses for marketing purposes and to inform those interested in our products about events, products, services or other items of interest. Additionally, we use the e-mail addresses to notify users about recent updates to our website, to provide product or service news notifications or newsletters, and to confirm registrations or reserved seating at seminars and conferences. We also use the e-mail addresses to process orders for products, services, brochures and other written materials.
Other Personal Information
We may use a mailing address or phone number that a user provides for a variety of Satcon Technology Corporation related reasons. We may send periodic mailings to users or make telephone calls to inform our users who have provided a mailing address or telephone number of new products, services or events. Your mailing address and telephone number may also be used to contact you about orders placed online, as a reminder about events for which you have registered, or to provide information that you have requested.
If you do not wish to receive such calls or mailings, you may request to be removed from the contact list by contacting us. Additionally, you may also make your request by writing to Satcon Technologies Corporation.
Personal Information Released to Outside Parties
Any information that you provide to us will be used for our purposes only. Except as specified in this Privacy Policy, your information will not be shared with individuals outside the employ of Satcon Technologies Corporation, or with other companies.
In some instances we may provide your name and delivery address to third parties that we use for delivering specific products or services to you (such as support services, shipping or direct mail organizations). In such cases, your name and delivery address is not retained by these third parties.
As a good corporate citizen, Satcon Technologies Corporation complies with applicable law and legal obligations to respond to governmental, law enforcement and court requests for personal information and other information and data about our users and their transactions. Satcon Technologies Corporation Legal Department may access and use your personal information and other information or data in the event of a dispute or in response to legal process, law enforcement inquiries or abuse of our website.
Children's Privacy
We do not structure our website to attract children. Accordingly, we do not to intend to collect personal information from anyone whom we know to be under 13 years of age.
Third Party Sites
Satcon Technologies Corporation website may contain links to other sites. When you click on one of these links you are being transferred to a website operated by someone other than Satcon Technologies Corporation, and the operator of that website may have a different privacy policy. Satcon Technologies Corporation does not share your personal information with these websites and is not responsible for their individual privacy practices. We encourage you to investigate the privacy policies of these operators.
Future Changes
By using PV View Plus, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this Privacy Policy. Satcon Technologies Corporation may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will post a notice on this page for thirty (30) calendar days prior to the implementation of any material changes to this Privacy Policy. Such notice will provide information as to how you may remove your information from our database should you so desire.
Gain Access Today
©2020 Satcon Technology Corporation. All rights reserved.
Site Map |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Contact Satcon