http://www.duracard.com/helpcenter/choose-duracard
topSkip to main article content
Help Center
Why Choose Duracard?
Help Center
Contact Us
FAQ
Why Choose Duracard
Our Company
Customer Testimonials
What Our Cards Are Made Of
3 Questions To Ask Your Card Printer
About Magnetic Stripes
About Barcodes
About Writable Surfaces
Glossary
Based on customer feedback, here are some great reasons why Duracard® is the best choice to fulfill your custom plastic card requirements:
Made in the USA
Duracard brand custom plastic cards are proudly made in the USA. We offer you quick turnaround and faster shipping because we are based in the USA.
Nimble Printing, Competitive Pricing
We provide a "same day service" option from our shopping cart for most custom products if your order is placed and proofs are approved by 10:30 am Eastern Standard Time (EST). We also offer you competitive pricing and quick turnaround utilizing our state-of-the-art digital printing and die cutting technologies.
High Quality Whatever the Quantity
We follow strict production standards using only the finest quality materials to assure you the durability and high quality you expect. Whether your order is 50 cards or 100,000 key tags, we are always happy to provide the quantity that works best for you.
Personalized Customer Service
We give you personalized customer service by real people who are passionate about what they do and are committed to your success with our products. We promise to pay close attention to your order details through every step of the production process and consistently strive to surpass your expectations. We understand our customer’s point of view and are always glad to present all the information you need to understand the plastic card printing process. We can translate your marketing goals and unique requirements into a customized product that can help you achieve the results you’re looking for.
We are always happy to help with any question you may have. Just give us a call at 800-318-3500.