http://www.flexiblespace.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Underfloor Air Conditioning
What is UfAC?
How UfAC works
FAQs
Resources
Why use UfAC
Fit-out & Maintenance
Case Studies
About Us
Who we are
Flexible Space Distribution
News
Contact Us
Go!
Privacy Policy
Advanced Ergonomic technologies Ltd (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We have published this policy to help you understand:
How and why we collect information about you
Who we share your information with, why and on what basis
What your rights are
This policy, together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting https://www.flexiblespace.com you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Advanced Ergonomic Technologies Ltd of: The Center, 201-203 London Road, East Grinstead, West Sussex. RH19 1HA.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to: Data Compliance, Advanced Ergonomic Technologies Ltd. The Center, 201-203 London Road, East Grinstead, West Sussex, RH19 1HA or via data@flexiblespace.com quoting Privacy / Data enquiry.
This privacy policy was last updated on 22nd May 2018.
Information We May Collect From You
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us.
You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our site www.flexiblespace.com or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, place an order with us, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include:
full name
address
e-mail address
phone number
company
job title
We do not collect or process any special category data that may be of a sensitive nature.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our website we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. As a business to business operator, we work closely with third parties, and we may receive information about you from them. Including, for example:
Business partners,
Sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services,
Advertising networks, analytics providers,
Search information providers
Credit reference agencies
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
Uses Made Of The Information And Legal Basis For Processing
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
To provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you.
If you are a new customer, we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
To notify you about changes to our service;
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Profiling And Automated Decision Making
Details on your interactions with us may be used to review the relevance and quality of the products and services we offer. However, we do not undertake any automated profiling or automated decision-making processes.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers, delivery partners and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with [them or] you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. [We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users].
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
IT service providers who support our website and other business systems.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Advanced Ergonomic Technologies Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Advanced Ergonomic Technologies Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
We may store personal data in one or more of the locations listed for the purposes of maintaining our business operations:
PC’s, Mobile phones, laptops, other portable devices. We do not permit data to be stored on USB devices or portable hard drives
Private network – Internal Servers
Microsoft Exchange accounts – Outlook, Excel, Word
Zoho CRM database
Quickbooks and Sage accounting software
Data collected via our website is transferred to the CRM and not retained in WordPress CMS.
The data that we collect from you may be held in Zoho CRM database. Zoho.com servers are located in the U.S. This means that your data is transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We hold a signed Data Processing Addendum which covers our liability for this action.
Data may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How Long We Retain Your Data
Projects
If your data has been collected in the process of fulfilling an order relating to a project, this will be retained in our project files indefinitely. With the exception of essential correspondence, we will only contact you with information of other products and services if you have provided consent for further communications.
Enquiries
When you make an enquiry, we will keep your information for as long as is required to respond and complete your enquiry before deleting your information. We will only contact you after 12 months from initial contact if you have provided consent for further communications but project enquiry files may be retained for up to 6 years.
Accounts
Purchasing and accounts information is retained for a period of six years following the end of the financial year during which the purchase has been made. It is our legal obligation to keep these records for tax purposes.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at data@flexiblespace.com.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access To Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to data@flexiblespace.com.
Contact us to discuss your HVAC requirements
See how UfAC can speed up construction time, reduce costs and create space.
Contact Us
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our website. By continuing to browse this site, you give consent for cookies to be used.
Read our Privacy Policy.Accept