https://www.aquaguard5000.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
(772) 232 6274635 NW Buck Hendry Way, Stuart, FL 34994COVID -19 UPDATEFree shipping on orders over $2,000 to all retail customers!Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window
Search:
Search
Login
Home Shop CommercialCommercial Swimming Pools Non-Slip Textured Application FS 454.1 Chapter 4 Toxicity Report (TCLP) LRV Rating Approvals on Colors AquaGuard 5000 Ice Blue pool paint that has high LRV rating
InfoAbout AquaGuard 5000Swimming Pool Finishes/Colors Non-Slip Textured Application FS 454.1 Chapter 4 Toxicity Report (TCLP) LRV Rating Approvals on Colors Ice Blue Commercially Approved high LRV rating What is Precipitation in Pools and how can it be prevented? Epoxy Pool Paint – FAQ Pool/Spa Resurfacing & Repair Basement Sealer Car Wash Resurfacing
Why AquaGuard 5000Residential Pools Commercial Pools DIY –
Pool Paint and Repair
CALCULATORPool Area Calculator
TIPS7 Steps to Pool Heaven With AquaGuard Plus Pool Care Recommendations
DealersDealer Login Find a Dealer Near You Benefits of Becoming a Dealer Website Plan Price Sheet Become A Dealer
Crack & Skimmer Repair – Epoxy Injector System
InstructionsAquaGuard 5000Precautionary Statements Application Instructions Common Problems With Fiberglass Pools Product Info. Bulletin Product Data Bulletin Coverage Chart
AquaGuard 5001Sealer/Primer – Product Data Bulletin
EquipmentCrack Repair Instructions – Super Epoxy Injector System Black Cat or Pressure Pot Sprayer Instructions
GalleryBefore and After Gallery Video Gallery Armed Forces Marine Habitats
News AboutAbout the Company Commercial Pool Restoration Team Meet The Team Testimonials
ContactContact AquaGuard Support Free Estimate
Review Us
Privacy Policy
Aquatic Technologies Group, LLC Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.aquaguard5000.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store–you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
COMMON LINKS INCLUDE:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
BING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at accounts@aquaguard5000.com or by mail using the details provided below:
635 NW Buck Hendry Way , Stuart, FL, 34994, United States
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
Pin itShare on Pinterest
TweetShare on Twitter
Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn
Share on WhatsAppShare on WhatsApp
Search
Search for:
Search
Product categoriesWebsite & Marketing Services (1)
Spray Equipment (11)
Fiberglass Matting (5)
Repair Kits (26)
Solvents (3)
Courses (1)
Grout (2)
Primer/Sealer (2)
Coveralls (1)
Tile (1)
Certification - Become a Dealer (2)
Accessories and Parts (58)
Top Coat (7)
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing our use of cookies. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.