http://www.centralcoastwineservices.com/privacy-notice
Menu
Search
Personal menu
Search store
Close
My account
My account
Close
Register
Log in
Shopping cart
Close
0
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Menu
Close
Products
Home
Search
My account
Contact us
Privacy notice
Effective Date: April 13th, 2018
Miller Family Wine Company, LLC ("Company") Privacy Policy covers Company's treatment of personal or personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that may be collected when you are on the Company's web site and when you use the Company's services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Company does not own or control, or to individuals that are not under Company's supervisory control.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect Personal Information ((such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) when you use certain services on our Website or when you visit cookie-enabled web pages. We may also log your IP address when you use our Website. We use this Personal Information to fulfill requests for our services or products, to contact users regarding changes to our site or our business, and to customize the content that you might see on our website. We may also use "cookie" files to better serve your needs by creating a customized Website which fits your needs.
Contact Us
If you communicate with us through the "Contact Us" link on our Website, we may ask you for information such as your name, email address and telephone number so we can respond to your questions and comments. We also may use the information you provide to evaluate the quality of our products and to communicate with you about our products and services.
User Accounts
We allow users to set up personal accounts to shop in our online store. You have the ability to edit your User Information at any time and may delete your account at your convenience.
Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose information about our Website visitors, except as described here. We may share the information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf, including common carriers who deliver wine on our behalf. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Encryption
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards on this Website to help protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on the Website. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to help protect your credit card information as it is transmitted to us.
Links To Third-Party Websites
From time to time, we may provide links to third-party websites. These websites may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy statements in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked website. To the extent any linked website you visit is unrelated to the Company, we are not responsible for its content or any use of the website.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Do Not Track Notice
Because there are not yet common, industry accepted "do not track" standards and systems, our Website does not respond to Do Not Track signals. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect personal data from your activity on our Website, as described in the "Information We Share" section above.
California Disclosure Information
If you are a resident of California, you may ask us to refrain from sharing your information (whether collected online or offline) with our affiliates and other third-parties for direct marketing purposes. Please tell us your preference by contacting us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use information you have provided through our websites in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Updates To Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices. If there are material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post a prominent notice on our Website and indicate at the top of the statement when it was most recently updated and provide other appropriate notice to you.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update information we have about you, please contact us by emailing us at customerservice@millerfamilywinecompany.com
Information
MFWC Portal Documentation
Privacy notice
Conditions of Use
My account
Customer info
Addresses
Orders
Shopping cart
Powered by Dynamics eShop
Designed by Dynamics eShop
Copyright © 2020 Miller Family Wine Company Warehouses. All rights reserved.