https://www.travers.com/privacy-policy/a/a1/
×Close
Product Added to Your Cart
Continue Shopping
Go to Shopping Cart
×Close
Item not Added to Cart! Please try again.
Continue Shopping
HOME All Products
Back
Metalworking
Back
Metal Cutting Tools: High Speed Steel & Solid Carbide
Measuring & Inspection Tools
Machine Tool Accessories
Industrial Machinery
Indexable Cutting Tools
Abrasives, Files & Deburring Tools
Cutting Fluids & Lubricants
Tooling Components & Workholding
MRO
Back
Hand & Power Tools
Fluid Power
Safety & Hygiene Supplies
Storage & Workshop Equipment
Material Handling Equipment
Adhesives, Paint & Sundries
Fasteners
Welding & Soldering Equipment
Supplies and More
Back
Automotive Tools
Industrial Electrical Equipment & Supplies
Raw Materials
Technical Reference & Software
Woodworking
All Brands
Back Featured Brands
Back
PICA
AKUMA
ASIMETO
ELITE PRECISION
FIXMAN
FORGED TOUGH
JAGUAR COATED ABRASIVES
OTMT
RUSHMORE USA TOOLS
SHARK TOOLS
T&O
TERRA CARBIDE
TTC PRODUCTION HP
TURN TIGHT
YMW
Shop All Brands
Back A-Z Listing
Quick Order Promotions
Back
Master Catalog Current Sales Catalog Kennedy Chest Flyer Caliper Madness Flyer COVID PPE Flyer Promax Flyer Phase II Flyer Slice Sales Flyer STKR Sales Flyer Hobbyist Product Center Clearance Product Center
Contact Us Services
Back Request Free Catalog Product Quote Form Solutions - Videos & Articles Calibration Service Find-a-Tool Service Resharpening Service Technical Support
Resources View eCatalog
Privacy Policy
Know How Your Information Is Used!
Thank you for visiting the Travers Tool Co., Inc. web site. We think that it is important that you know how your information may be used. After reading this privacy policy, please contact us if you have any questions or comments.
For further information call Monday through Friday between 7:30am & 8:00pm EST.
USA and Canada:  1-800-221-0270
International:  718-886-7200
General Information
At Travers.com, our web site staff uses an automated site analysis tool to gather general information from the user traffic to our site. The information we receive with this tool is utilized in understanding the patterns and behaviors of our web user. The information we receive does not include specific user information. The data we receive includes but is not limited to:
Pages Accessed
Number of Hits, Impressions, and Sessions
Peak Day and Peak Hour of Use
Length of User Session
Browser and Browsing Platform used
Path Followed to Site
Previous IP Address
Customer Registration
When a user registers to become a Travers.com member or to place an order, we collect the registration information. The information collected includes:
Customer Contact Name
Customer Contact Job Title
Company Name (if applicable)
E-mail Address
User ID and Password
Billing, Shipping and Literature Address (if different)
Contact Numbers (phone, fax)
Federal Tax ID and/or DUNS#
Credit card numbers and expirations date information is not stored on Travers.com. We may use stored customer data to serve as the basis to provide improved content and improve the quality or selection of special product offerings.
Security Issues
The security of a user’s information is paramount at Travers.com. It is important for individual users to keep their user ID and password confidential. This measure will protect the user against unauthorized access to user IDs and passwords. As a registered Travers.com user be sure to log out when finishing a session.
Travers.com uses a SSL (secure socket layer) for the encryption of transactions on its web site. A user’s personal information is encased behind a server firewall and encrypted so that it cannot be deciphered by anyone except the account holder. A user’s credit card information is not stored on the Travers.com web server with the user’s personal information, which provides an additional level of security.
Cookies
Travers Tool Co., Inc. uses Google Remarketing for online advertising. Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet. They also use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visit to Travers.com. You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page under the topic header "How do I opt out of interest-based advertising" .
Information Usage
The information that Travers.com collects is used primarily for improving the web site. Ease of navigation, the addition of specific links, and even directory listings, are a result of the user information acquired and analyzed. The general information received and tabulated also is valuable at a marketing tool to bring the user more relevant and usable information.
Travers.com may select and contact its online customers via direct mail, e-mail, or telephone to clarify an order placed, describe new or special product offerings, request feedback concerning the web site, or provide promotional information about upcoming events or offerings that may be of interest.
Opting In
If you would like to be kept abreast of special online promotions and offerings, and upcoming events, please opt-in and have your name and e-mail address added to our list.
Opting Out
If you are currently on our e-mail list for upcoming events and promotions and would like to have your e-mail address removed, please opt-out your e-mail address.
Third Party
Although Travers.com tries diligently to provide all product and vendor information within its web site, the site does contain links to third party web sites. Each third party web site has its own privacy and data collection policies. Unfortunately, our policies do not apply on third party web sites, and any information that a user may submit when browsing a third party web site will fall under the privacy and data collection policies of that web site.
Consent
When a user registers an account and/or places an order at Travers.com, the user, in effect, is consenting to the Travers.com privacy policy. Travers.com reserves the right to change its policies and will post any and all changes on this page. Please check back regularly for the latest privacy policy information.
HAVE AN EMAIL? SIGN UP FOR EXCLUSIVE SAVINGS!
Request Your FREE Catalog! More new innovations, new brands & exclusives than ever!
Request Free Catalog