http://www.eurima.org/cookie-policy/
Search:
Members Area
Energy Efficiency in Buildings
Sustainable Construction
Mineral Wool
Regulatory
Eurima
Resources
Story
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
This Cookies Policy sets out the basis on which we, European Insulation Manufacturers Association, EURIMA use cookies and similar technologies on or in relation to our website www.eurima.org.
‘Essential’ cookies are automatically placed on your computer or device when you access our website or take certain actions on our website. Non-essential’ cookies and other technologies are only placed on your computer or device if you have consented to us doing so. Please read the section “Essential and non-essential cookies” below for more information on the difference between essential and non-essential cookies.
For information on how you consent and how you can withdraw your consent to us placing non-essential cookies and other technologies on your computer or device, see the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies.
About cookies
What are cookies? Cookies are small data files sent by a website’s server to a web browser, processor memory or hard drive and stored there. They can be used for a range of different purposes, such as customising a website for a particular user, helping a user navigate a website, improving that user’s website experience, and storing that user’s preferences and login information.
Essential and non-essential cookies
Cookies can be classified as either ‘essential’ or ‘non-essential’.
Essential cookies: these are cookies that are either:
used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications over a network; or
strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a service on our website) which you have requested.
Non-essential cookies: these are any cookies that do not fall within the definition of essential cookies, such as cookies used to analyse your behaviour on a website (‘analytical’ cookies) or cookies used to display advertisements to you (‘advertising’ cookies).
Session and persistent cookies
Cookies can be classified as either ‘session’ or ‘persistent’, depending on how long they last after they are placed on your browser.
Session cookies: session cookies last for as long as you keep your browser open. They expire when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies: persistent cookies expire at a fixed point in time or if you manually delete them from your browser, whichever occurs first.
First and third party cookies
Cookies can be classified as ‘first party’ or ‘third party’.
First party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by our website domain.
Third party cookies: these are cookies placed on your device by third party website domains.
If you require further information about cookies in general, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org
We have categorised the cookies we use in four categories
COOKIE
PURPOSE
ESSENTIAL COOKIES
(STRICTLY NECESSARY)
Used solely to carry out or facilitate the transmission of communications over a network; or  strictly necessary to provide an online service (e.g. our website or a service on our website) which you have requested.
PREFERENCE & FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES
These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences and make using the website more practical
They are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
ANALYTICS & CUSTOMIZATION COOKIES
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used to help us improve our websites and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
ADVERTSING (TARGETING) COOKIES
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
List of Cookies Used
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Essential cookies
CMSSESSID
Content Management System Session Cookie
Preference and Functionality Cookies
mediaplan
This is a (one day) persistent functionality cookie to improve load balancing functionality of hosting server
mediaplanBAK
This is a (one day) persistent functionality cookie to improve load balancing functionality of hosting server
NID
This is a (one month) persistent preference cookie for remembering Google user preferences
SID, SAPISID, APISID, SSID, SIDCC, HSID, PREF
Google set a number of persistent (third party) cookies on any page that includes a Google Map. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Google Maps users. Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Google Map. You can read more on Google privacy policy, including maps, here https://policies.google.com/privacy
SID, LOGIN_INFO, use_hotbox, PREF, SSID, HSID, watched_video_id_list, __utma, __utmz, demographics, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, _ga
Google set a number of persistent (third party) cookies on any page that includes a Youtube video. While we have no control over the cookies set by Google, they appear to include a mixture of pieces of information to measure the number and behaviour of Youtube users, including information that links your visits to our website with your Google account if you are signed in to one. Information about your use of our website, including your IP address, may be transmitted to Google and stored on servers in the United States. This cookie does not identify you personally unless you are logged into Google, in which case it is linked to your Google account. Most of the cookies expire 10 years after your last visit to a page containing a Youtube video, although some expire sooner You can find YouTube’s privacy Policy here.
Analytics and customisation cookies
Bku,Loc, Mus, na_id, na_tc, ssc, uid, uvc, __atuvc
These are persistent cookies (that remain for 2 years) set on our blog posts by the third-party social sharing platform AddThis. View the AddThis privacy policy.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
1P_JAR
This is a third party persistent cookie set by Google advertising cookie used for user tracking and ad targeting purposes. The cookie will remain on your device for 1 month.
__gads
This third party persistent cookie remains for 2 years and is associated with the DoubleClick for Publishers service from Google. Its purpose is to do with the showing of adverts on the site, for which the owner may earn some revenue. You can find out more on https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
Managing Cookies
How to opt out of essential cookies Most browsers allow you to block all cookies, including essential cookies. Please note, however, that if you block all cookies, parts of our website and its functionality may not work or display properly.
You can delete existing cookies from your browser by clearing your browsing data and ensuring that the option to delete cookies is selected. More information
Google Analytics cookies are classified as first party cookies as they are set by our website domain, although Google collects and processes information from our use of Google Analytics. To find out more about how Google handles information collected from Google Analytics, see Google Analytics’ privacy policy, which is available here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For information on how Google uses data from cookies it uses, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How to opt in or out from analytical cookies
See the section below entitled How to accept or reject cookies
To opt out of Google Analytics tracking across all websites in general, you can do so here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies in the help menus of your browser.
© Eurima 2018 | Privacy Centre | Cookies Policy | Data Protection Notice