https://www.development-training.com/privacy/
Privacy
chaussure nike pas cherhttp://mundolocker.com/wpmundolocker/louboutinoutlet hogannike air jordan pas chernike air jordan pas chertn requin pas cherlouboutin homme pas cherchaussures louboutin pas cheroakley sunglasses cheapJordan 7 Bordeauxchaussure nike pas cherlouboutin femme pas cherJordan 7 Bordeauxcheap oakleystn requin pas cheroutlet hogan onlineoutlet hogan onlinehogan outlet onlineoakley sunglasses cheapnike air max pas cher
Development Training Company is the sole owner of the information collected on www.development-training.com. Development Training Company collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site. The information that is collected through this site is used for marketing or analysis purposes only.
Analysis
Information gathered through this web site will be held in a database at our offices and be used periodically to assess the success of the web site and the actions generated from the levels of traffic generated.
When you request a page from the site’s web server, the server automatically collects some information about your system, including your IP address. Development Training Company collects the minimum information necessary to ensure our service works.
Newsletter Subscription Form
We ask for information from the user on our subscription form. Information gathered through this form will be held in a database at our offices and be used periodically to assist in the various marketing activities of Development Training Company. We do not provide or share your information with other third parties.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Business Transitions
In the event Development Training Company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. If as a result of the business transition, the users’ personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Development Training Company are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Changes to this Statement
Development Training Company will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. Development Training Company encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
Unsubscribing
We’ll remove you from our database of site users and stop sending you information upon request. Simply send us an email to unsubscribe at the email address below.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
e: info@development-training.com
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks