http://www.3di.com.au/privacy-policy
Home
Services
About us
Contact Us
Blog
Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
3Di (a trading name of Beyond D Pty Ltd) respects the privacy of all our customers and business contacts, and is committed to safeguarding the personal information, which you provide us. 3Di is subject to the requirements of the National Privacy Principles, which are contained in the Privacy Act 1988.
This statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices of the 3d interactive website (www.3di.com.au) and complies with the Australian Privacy Commissioner’s National Principles for the Fair Handling of Personal Information.
The Policy covers the types of information we gather about you, how we use it, with whom we share the information, how we keep it secure and the choices you have about the information you choose to share with us. If you have comments or questions regarding this privacy statement, please Contact Us.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Personal information that you submit to us may be disclosed to a third party:
to the extent necessary, to provide the service you have requested or to meet the purpose for which it was submitted; or
if we have informed you of a particular third party to whom it will be disclosed, at the time of collection; or
if the disclosure is required by law or permitted by the National Privacy Principles; or
at our sole discretion without further notice to you.
Access and Correction
You have the right to access and request correction of any personal information concerning you pursuant to Australian Privacy legislation. You also have the right to request destruction or deletion of any information concerning you pursuant to Australian Privacy legislation. Any data we remove from our database is disposed of in a secure and confidential manner.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
We will take reasonable steps to protect personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We provide users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us.
This is made available when you sign up for our e-mail lists and in e-mail messages delivered by 3Di.
Acknowledgement and Consent
You acknowledge and consent to, the use or disclosure of your personal information in circumstances that are:
set out in this Privacy Policy; or
clearly explained to you at the time when the information is collected from you; or
permitted under the National Privacy Principles.
We will not collect use or disclose sensitive information (such as information about racial or ethnic origins or political or religious beliefs) except with your specific consent or in the circumstances permitted in the National Privacy Principles.
Please Email Us if you wish to discuss any Privacy Issues.
Data Security
We take reasonable steps to ensure the security of the personal data we hold from such risks as loss or unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure of data. While we make the effort to keep information we have collected about you safe from misuse, loss, unauthorised access or disclosure, perfect security on the Internet is currently impossible.
Anonymity
You are free to use the 3Di site anonymously by not identifying yourself. You have the option of remaining anonymous when giving us feedback by not providing any personal information when you do.
Clickstream Data
Clickstreams are the paths a user takes when navigating a web page or the internet in general. When you visit our web site our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes – the user’s server address, the user’s top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc), the data and time of visit to the site, and the type of browser used.
Cookies
A cookie is a short piece of data that is sent from a web server to a web browser on the user’s machine when the browser visits the server’s site. The cookie is stored on the user’s machine, but it is not an executable program and cannot do anything to your machine.
Whenever a web browser requests a file from the same web server that sent the cookie, the browser sends a copy of that cookie back to the server along with the request. In this way, the server knows you have visited before and can co-ordinate your access to different pages on its web site. A server cannot find out a name or e-mail address, or anything about a user’s computer, by using cookies.
E-mail addresses
We will only use your e-mail address in accordance with our Privacy Policy set out above.
General
3Di may change its Privacy Policy at any time. 3di will make available this policy to anyone who requests it. For further information about privacy issues and the protection of privacy visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner’s website at http://www.privacy.gov.au
Please feel free to Email Us in if you wish to discuss any Privacy Issues.