https://www.artba.org/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
About
Government Affairs
Membership
Economics
Events
News
Safety Center
Additional Resources
TIAC
Transportation Investment Advocacy Council
SCTPP
Safety Certification for Transportation Project Professionals
TDF
Transportation Development Foundation
TB
Transportation Builder Magazine
NEWS
ARTBA Newsline
STORE
Market Forecasts
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Home/Privacy & Cookies Policy
Toggle navigation
About
Government Affairs
Membership
Economics
Events
News
Safety Center
Additional Resources
TIAC
Transportation Investment Advocacy Council
SCTPP
Safety Certification for Transportation Project Professionals
TDF
Transportation Development Foundation
TB
Transportation Builder Magazine
NEWS
ARTBA Newsline
STORE
Market Forecasts
Previous Next
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy
About
Leadership
Strategic Plan
Our Core Values
Frequently Asked Questions
Annual Reports
Foundation
State Chapter Affiliates
Staff Directory
CONTACT US
Privacy & Cookies Policy: Terms & Conditions
The American Road & Transportation Builders Association (ARTBA) respects the privacy of your personal data seriously. Our “Privacy Policy” (“Policy”) is designed to provide you with information about how the association (hereafter “ARTBA,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, or shares personal data you provide in relation to our sites and services.
Our websites (“Sites”) include:
www.artba.org
www.artbatdf.org
www.artbap3.org
newsline.artba.org
www.artbanationalconvention.org
www.tmaw.com
www.transportationinvestment.org
www.puttingsafetyfirst.org
www.artbabridgereport.org
www.artbaregionalmeetings.org
store.artba.org
www.mycutc.com
www.ustransportation.wiki
www.workzonememorial.org
www.transportationcreatesjobs.org
www.transportationconstructioncoalition.org
register.artba.org
www.artbahalloffame.org
Our services include, but are not limited to, products, events, print and digital newsletters, publications, economic reports and analyses, training and certification programs.  Events include in-person or virtual, workshops and forums, conferences, seminars, webinars, board meetings, and division, committee, council and task force meetings.
By visiting ARTBA’s flagship www.artba.org or related Sites, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the processes and policies referred to in the Policy.
If you are located outside of the United States, please note the information you provide is being transmitted to us and processed in the United States.  It is protected subject to this Privacy Policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your country.
Our Sites also uses Cookies to deliver a safer, faster, and more customized Site experience. The three most common types of Cookies we use are necessary for analytics, performance, and advertising.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, contact ARTBA Vice President of Legal & Regulatory Issues Nick Goldstein. Our mailing address is: ARTBA, 250 E Street, S.W., Suite 900, Washington, D.C. 20024.  Or reach us by phone at 202.289.4434.
Personal Data Collection
We may collect and process some or all your Personal Data.
Contact Information: Any data that you provide when corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This could include your name, company, organization or agency, address, e-mail, phone numbers (work and mobile), and credit card information.
Membership Information: All data related to your membership, including your name, contact details such as address, phone number and email (business or personal), job title, and other relevant information.
Dues Payment: The financial information such as credit card and account/routing numbers used to register or renew your membership.
Purchases: Items you bought related to transactions made on artbastore.org.
Certification Credentials: Any data related to the ARTBA Foundation’s Safety Certification for Transportation Project ProfessionalsTM (SCTPP) program, in which members/non-members are granted certification if they meet specified educational/employment experience requirements and pass a certification exam. This may include extensive information about the experience/performance of those applying for certification.
With regard to each of your visits to our Sites, we collect certain Personal Information that can be used to contact or identify you, such as: (1) the Internet Protocol (IP); (2) information voluntarily submitted on publication order forms, meeting registration forms or e-mails sent to the website administrator, or for access to the Members’ Only section of www.artba.org; and (3) Cookies, if you so choose.
ARTBA’s use of IP addresses also allows us to diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Sites more efficiently. We do not use IP addresses to personally identify users.
We will also use Personal Information to contact you via email or regular mail with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other ARTBA-related business matters.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We may use the Personal Data you provide to carry out the following business functions:
Enable users to visit our Sites and take advantage of their many features.
Carry out our obligations arising from your membership.
Process and fulfill your transactions.
Respond to your requests, questions and concerns.
Send you marketing and other communications about meetings and events, products, services and other ARTBA-related business matters that might be of interest. You have the ability to Opt-in or Opt-out of these communications.
Tailor ads displayed on our Sites to your interests and history with us.
Notify you about changes to our membership services.
Ensure that content on our Sites is presented most effectively for you.
Enhance and develop any new products, services or other offerings.
How Long We Store Your Personal Data
We may retain and store your Personal Data, in a form that permits us to identify you, and retain such information as long as necessary, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you service, contact us here.
Selling Your Personal Data
ARTBA does not sell your personal data to outside third parties. On occasion, ARTBA’s Preferred Vendors, who are also members, are allowed access to select member information for marketing or promotional purposes. These vendors are bound by strict confidentiality agreements. The association will use its best efforts to prevent the government from obtaining member or customer information, unless required by law.
Security
Although we use the latest technologies to protect your Personal Data against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of information transmitted to us over the internet. Only authorized employees or agents are permitted to have access to Personal Information about website visitors, and that access is limited to what is reasonably needed to perform an employee’s responsibilities, such as providing updates or notices or customer service.
All information you provide us is stored on secure servers.
All payment transactions are encrypted using SSL technology.
Transfer of Personal Data Outside the European Economic Area (EEA) & International Users
ARTBA is based in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, or service providers who are located worldwide. If you are visiting our Sites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located, and our central database is operated.  By using our Sites, you consent to any transfer of this information.
Cookies Policy
Our Sites use Cookies to provide you a safer, customized, and efficient experience.
When you first access our Sites from certain jurisdictions, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “Accept Cookies,” closing the message, or continuing to browse Sites, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in our Cookie Policy.
You do not have to accept Cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time (see How to Control Cookies, below). You can change your browser settings to refuse or restrict Cookies, and you may delete them after they have been placed on your device at any time. If you do not accept or delete our Cookies, some areas of our Sites that you access may take more time to work or may not function properly.
What Are Cookies
Cookies are small amounts of information that we may store on your local computer or mobile device when you visit our Sites. When you visit our Sites again, Cookies allow us to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
You can learn more about Cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Cookies set by a website owner (in this case, ARTBA) are called “first party Cookies.” Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party Cookies.” Third party Cookies enable us to provide third party features or functionality through our Sites (i.e. advertising, social media functions and analytics).
How to Control Cookies
You can delete Cookies on your computer at any time by checking the delete Cookies option in your browser of choice. Please note that after you delete your Cookies, you may be asked to login again on many websites where you may have stored a login cookie.
The links below contain helpful information for the most popular browsers:
Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Google: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/; or
http://youronlinechoices.com/
ARTBA Cookies
Cookies make the use of our Sites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our Cookies may enable us to relate your use of the Sites to personal information that you previously provided.
The information we collect with Cookies allows us to statistically analyze usage of the Sites, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, we would only disclose information collected with Cookies to third-parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
Here are some of the Cookies we use:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are Cookies that are required for the operation of our Sites. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites or use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing. These Cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Sites and therefore cannot be refused.
Analytics & Performance Cookies
ARTBA uses tracking Cookies through Google Analytics. These Cookies are designed to deliver information that is of the most interest to you during your visit and beyond.
The Google Analytics Cookie allows us to track, in aggregate, but in no personally identifiable way and without using personal data, traffic patterns on the site so we can optimize our web development and content efforts to better meet your needs. These may include pages visited, number of pages visited per session, or device type, operating system and browser type and version.
Advertising Cookies
These Cookies are used to make the advertising displayed on the Sites more relevant to you. These Cookies prevent ads from reappearing and ensure that ads are properly displayed. Certain third-party Cookies may track users over different websites and will provide ads relevant to your interests.
Web Beacons
Our Sites use other technologies to recognize and track visitors. A web beacon (also known as a “tracking pixel” or “clear GIF”) is a clear graphic image (typically a one-pixel tag) that is delivered through a web browser or HTML e-mail, typically in conjunction with a Cookie.
Web beacons allow us, for example, to monitor how users move from one page within our websites to another, to track access to our communications, to understand whether users have come to our websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to measure how ads have been viewed and to improve site performance.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not respond to web browser “Do Not Track” signals. As such, your navigation of our Sites may be tracked as part of the gathering of quantitative user information. If you arrive at our Sites by way of a link from a third-party site that does respond to “Do Not Track” requests, the recognition of any “Do Not Track” request you have initiated will end as soon as you reach our Sites.
Questions
Contact ARTBA’s Systems Developer Markus Proctor with any questions about how our Sites are using Cookies.
Links to Third-Party Sites & Services
Our Sites may contain links to third-party websites, applications and services not operated by us. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by us of the activities or content of these sites, applications or services nor any association with their operators. ARTBA is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third-party including websites or services directly linked from our Sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party site that you link from our Sites.
Children’s Privacy
With the exception of our annual Student Video Contest, the content on our sites is not directed to children under age 13. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under age 13 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated Personal Data to our Sites without your consent, please contact us here so that we may take any appropriate action.
Your Rights
Correction, Removal & Opting Out removal
If any of the information that we have about you is incorrect, you wish to have information (including Personal Data) removed from our records, or you no longer want to receive communications and marketing emails, contact us here to opt-out.  You can also opt-out of promotional emails by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link within the email you receive.  Should you receive a promotional email from third-parties who already have your information, please contact them directly.
European Rights
For European Residents Only. You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your Personal Data) if we intend to use your Personal Data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Data.
You can also exercise the right using the Contact Us section of our Sites.
Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Access Your Personal Data. You may have the right to request access to any Personal Data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the Personal Data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the Personal Data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the Personal Data will be stored, the source of the Personal Data, and the existence of any automated decision making.
Correct Your Personal Data. You may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data we hold about you.
Erase Your Personal Data.You may have the right to request that Personal Data held about you is deleted.
Object to Processing of Your Personal Data.You may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your Personal Data.
Restrict the Processing of Your Personal Data Request to Transfer Your Personal Data. You may have the right to request transfer of Personal Data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
Withdraw Your Consent
In addition, where you believe ARTBA may not have complied with its obligations under this Privacy Policy or European law, you have the right to make a complaint to an European Union Data Protection Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can exercise any of these rights using the Contact Us section of our Sites.
Californian Rights
For California Residents Only. Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personal Data with third parties. If you reside in California and have provided your Personal Data to ARTBA, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Data to third-parties for direct marketing purposes.
Such requests must be submitted to us via the Contact Us section of our Sites, or by writing to us at: ARTBA, 250 E Street, S.W., Suite 900, Washington, D.C. 20024, Attention: California Privacy Rights
Privacy Policy Changes
ARTBA reserves the right to update or change the Privacy Policy at any time. You can check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the payment services or other features of the Site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the most recent email address you have provided us, or by placing a notice on the Site reflecting the “Effective Date” of such changes.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 2, 2018.
Advertisement:
By Markus Proctor|2020-05-15T08:48:09-04:00July 2nd, 2018|Comments Off on Privacy & Cookies Policy
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
FacebookTwitterLinkedInRedditGoogle+TumblrPinterestVkEmail
About the Author: 						Markus Proctor
X
Our Sites uses Cookies to provide you a safer, customized and efficient experience. We use Cookies that are necessary for the functioning of the website as well as tracking Cookies. Find out more.Accept
×
Search ARTBA