https://www.isola-group.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of UseThese terms and conditions of use were last updated March 1, 2017.THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE A LEGAL CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND ISOLA GROUP (“ISOLA,” “WE” OR “US“). THE TERMS EXPLAIN HOW YOU ARE PERMITTED TO USE THE WEBSITE LOCATED AT https://www.isola-group.com/, AS WELL AS ALL ASSOCIATED SITES LINKED TO https://www.isola-group.com/ BY ISOLA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATED COMPANIES (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SITE”), AS WELL AS ALL SERVICES AND SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SERVICES”). BY USING THIS SITE OR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO ALL THE TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THIS SITE, ANY SERVICES AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS SITE OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE.NOTE: THESE TERMS CONTAIN A DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION PROVISION, INCLUDING CLASS ACTION WAIVER THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THESE TERMS AND WITH RESPECT TO DISPUTES YOU MAY HAVE WITH ISOLA. YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THE BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS PROVIDED BELOW.Changes.
Isola may make changes to the content and Services offered on this Site at any time. Isola can change, update, or add or remove provisions of these terms, at any time by posting the updated terms on this Site. By using this Site or the Services after Isola has updated the Terms, you are agreeing to all the updated Terms; if you do not agree with any of the updated Terms, you must stop using the Site and Services.About Us.
Isola is a leading global material sciences company that designs, develops, manufactures and markets laminate materials used to fabricate advanced multilayer printed circuit boards, which provide the physical platforms for the semiconductors, passive components, and connection circuitry that power and control virtually all modern electronic products. Our high-performance materials are used in a diverse range of electronic end-markets including applications in computers, networking and communications equipment, high-end consumer electronics, as well as products designed for use in the advanced automotive, aerospace, military and medical markets.General Use.
Isola provides content and Services through this Site that are the copyrighted and/or trademarked work of Isola or Isola’s third-party licensors and suppliers or other users of the Site (collectively, the “Materials”). Materials may include logos, graphics, video, images, software and other content.Isola hereby grants you a limited, personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use and to display the Materials and to use this Site and Services solely for your personal use. Except for the foregoing license, you have no other rights in the Site or any Materials and you may not modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit any of the Site or Materials in any manner.If you breach any of these Terms, the above license will terminate automatically and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials.Using the Site and the Services.
You can simply view the Site and not use any Services on the Site. You need not register with Isola to simply visit and view the Site.
However, in order to access certain password-restricted areas of the Site (such as the isoDesign, isoStack and myIsola portions of the website) and to use certain Services and Materials offered on and through the Site, you must register with Isola for an account and receive a password.Password Restricted Areas of this Site.
If you desire to register for an account with Isola, you must submit the following information: name, title, company, phone, company email, country, address (street, city, state and ZIP), industry/business. You may also have the ability to provide additional optional information, such as preferences, which is not required to register for an account but may be helpful to Isola in providing you with more a more customized experience when using the Site or its Services. Once you have you have submitted your account registration information, the Isola administrator shall have the right to approve or reject the requested registration, in the Isola administrator’s sole discretion. If your account is approved by the Isola administrator, you will either (i) be sent an e-mail that contains a password that will allow you to log-on to the Site using that password (the “Isola Password”) for the first time you log into your account on the Site to complete the account registration process, or (ii) you may be asked to create a password on the registration page that will allow you to log-on to the Site (also the “Isola Password”).You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Isola Password, and you are responsible for all activities that occur using your Password. You agree not to share your Isola Password, let others access or use your Isola Password or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your Isola Password. You agree to notify Isola if your Isola Password is lost, stolen, if you are aware of any unauthorized use of your Isola Password or if you know of any other breach of security in relation to this Site or Services.
All the information that you provide when registering for an account and otherwise through the Site and Services must be accurate, complete and up to date.Eligibility.
By using the Site or Services, you represent, acknowledge and agree that you are at least 18 years of age. Further, you represent, acknowledge and agree that: (a) all registration information that you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information and keep such information up-to-date; and (c) your use of the Services offered through this Site does not violate any applicable law or regulation. Isola may terminate these Terms and your use of the Site or Services without notice if Isola, in its sole discretion, believes that you are under the age of 18.Your Information.
Isola may store and use any personal information that you provide to us for use in accordance with the Isola Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”), including but not limited to processing your request or order, billing you for the Services (if applicable), providing the Site or Services, and as otherwise stated in our Privacy Policy. Please refer to our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these Terms, for more information regarding our collection, use, disclosure and storage of your personal information.
You hereby expressly agree that we may use your personal information in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy.Electronic Communications.
By using the Site and/or the Services, you consent to receiving electronic communications from Isola. These electronic communications may include notices about applicable fees and charges, transactional information and other information concerning or related to the Site and/or Services. These electronic communications are part of your relationship with Isola. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.Third Party Content.
Certain information and other content that are not Submissions (defined below) may be provided by third party licensors and suppliers to Isola (“Third Party Content”). The Third Party Content is, in each case, the copyrighted and/or trademarked work of the creator/licensor. You agree to only display the Third Party Content on your personal computer solely for your personal use. You acknowledge and agree that you have no right to download, cache, reproduce, modify, display (except as set forth in this paragraph), edit, alter or enhance any of the Third Party Content in any manner unless you have permission from the owner of the Third Party Content. Isola DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED AND STATUTORY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIRD PARTY CONTENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.Links to Third Party Sites.
This Site and Services may be linked to other websites that are not Isola sites (collectively, “Third Party Sites”). Certain areas of the Site may allow you to interact and/or conduct transactions with such Third Party Site and, in certain situations, you may be transferred to a Third Party Site through a link but it may appear that you are still on this Site. In any case, you acknowledge and agree that the Third Party Sites may have different privacy policies and terms and conditions and/or user guides and business practices than Isola, and you further acknowledge and agree that your use of such Third Party Sites is governed by the respective Third Party Web Site privacy policy and terms and conditions and/or user guides. You hereby agree to comply with any and all terms and conditions, users guides and privacy policies of any of Third Party Sites. Isola is providing links to the Third Party Sites to you as a convenience, and Isola does not verify, make any representations or take responsibility for such Third Party Sites, including, without limitation, the truthfulness, accuracy, quality or completeness of the content, services, links displayed and/or any other activities conducted on or through such Third Party Sites. YOU AGREE THAT ISOLA WILL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY GOODS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, RESOURCES AND/OR CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES AND/OR THIRD-PARTY DEALINGS OR COMMUNICATIONS, OR FOR ANY HARM RELATED THERETO, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSS CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED BY OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OR RELIANCE ON THE CONTENT OR BUSINESS PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTY. Any reference on the Site to any product, service, publication, institution, organization of any third party entity or individual does not constitute or imply Isola’s endorsement or recommendation.Submissions.
You are responsible for the information, opinions, messages, comments, photos, videos, graphics, sounds and other content or material that you submit, upload, post or otherwise make available on or through the Site (each a “Submission”) and through the Services available in connection with this Site. You may not upload, post, submit or otherwise make available on this Site any material protected by copyright, trademark, or any other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of such copyright, trademark or other proprietary right owned by a third party, and the burden of determining whether any material is protected by any such right is on you. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights, violation of contract, privacy or publicity rights or any other harm resulting from any Submission that you make. You have full responsibility for each Submission you make, including its legality, reliability and appropriateness.Unless otherwise explicitly stated herein, in Isola’s Privacy Policy, or, if applicable, in the Isola User Agreement, you agree that any Submission provided by you in connection with this Site is provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis. You hereby grant to Isola a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide license (including the right to sublicense through multiple tiers) to use, reproduce, process, adapt, publicly perform, publicly display, modify, prepare derivative works, publish, transmit and distribute each of your Submissions, or any portion thereof, in any form, medium or distribution method now known or hereafter existing, known or developed, and authorize others to use the Submissions. We may modify or adapt your Submissions in order to transmit, display or distribute them over computer networks and in various media and/or make changes to the Submissions as necessary to conform and adapt them to any requirements or limitations of any networks, devices, services or media. Isola agrees to use any personally identifiable information contained in any of your Submissions in accordance with Isola’s Privacy Policy.You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, damages and any other monies owing any person by reason of any Submissions posted by you to or through this Site.When you provide Submissions you agree that those Submissions shall not be in violation of the “Unauthorized Activities” paragraph below. Those prohibitions do not require Isola to monitor, police or remove any Submissions or other information submitted by you or any other user.Unauthorized Activities.When using this Site and/or the Services, you agree not to:Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.Use racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive language.Discuss or incite illegal activity.Use explicit/obscene language or solicit/post sexually explicit images (actual or simulated).Post anything that exploits children or minors or that depicts cruelty to animals.Post any copyrighted or trademarked materials without the express permission from the owner.Disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of such solicitation.Use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site.Take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.Alter the opinions or comments posted by others on this Site.Use the Site for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of the Site.Attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization.Attempt to interfere with service to any user, host or network including, but not limited to, by way of submitting a virus to, or overloading, flooding, spamming, mailbombing or crashing.Take any action that may otherwise harm, disrupt or overburden the Site, or harm another user of the Site.This list of prohibitions provides examples and is not complete or exclusive.  Isola reserves the right to (a) terminate access to your account, your ability to post to this Site (or use the Services) and (b) refuse, delete or remove any Submissions; with or without cause and with or without notice, for any reason or no reason, or for any action that Isola determines is inappropriate or disruptive to this Site or to any other user of this Site and/or Services.  Isola may report to law enforcement authorities any actions that may be illegal, and any reports it receives of such conduct. When legally required or at Isola’s discretion, Isola will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in any investigation of alleged illegal activity on this Site or on the Internet.Unauthorized use of any Materials or Third Party Content contained on this Site may violate certain laws and regulations.You agree to indemnify and hold Isola and its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors, and business partners harmless from and against any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs of defense) Isola or any other indemnified party suffers in relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand from a third party that your use of this Site or the use of this Site by any person using your user name and/or password (including without limitation, your participation in the posting areas or your Submissions) violates any applicable law or regulation, or the copyrights, trademark rights or other rights of any third party.Proprietary Rights.
Isola, Astra, Chronon, Duraver, GETEK, I-Fill, I-Speed, I-Tera, IsoDesign, IsoStack, Polyclad, Tachyon, TerraGreen, Stratus  and the Isola logo are registered trademarks of ISOLA USA Corp. in the U.S.A. and other countries. Other trademarks, names and logos on this Site are the property of their respective owners.Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all information and screens appearing on this Site or Services, including documents, services, site design, text, graphics, logos, images and icons, as well as the arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Isola, Copyright © 2017 Isola.  All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.  Except as otherwise required or limited by applicable law, any reproduction, distribution, modification, retransmission, or publication of any copyrighted material is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of the copyright owner or license.Disclaimer of Warranties.
Your use of this Site and/or the Services is at your own risk.  The Materials have not been verified or authenticated in whole or in part by Isola, and they may include inaccuracies or typographical or other errors.  Isola does not warrant the accuracy of timeliness of the Materials contained on this Site or Services.  Isola has no liability for any errors or omissions in the Materials, whether provided by Isola, our licensors or suppliers or other users.ISOLA, FOR ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS, MAKES NO EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR GUARANTEES IN CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, THE SERVICES, OR ANY MATERIALS RELATING TO THE QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, AVAILABILITY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED IN OR PRESENTED ON THE SITE OR SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE MATERIALS.  UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY STATED, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SITE, THE SERVICES, AND MATERIALS, AND ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE” AND “WHERE-IS” BASIS WITH NO WARRANTY OF IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.  ISOLA DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTIES AGAINST VIRUSES, SPYWARE OR MALWARE THAT MAY BE INSTALLED ON YOUR COMPUTER.Limitation of Liability.
ISOLA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM YOUR DISPLAYING, COPYING, OR DOWNLOADING ANY MATERIALS TO OR FROM THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL ISOLA BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXTRAORDINARY, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) HOWEVER ARISING, EVEN IF ISOLA KNOWS THERE IS A POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.Local Laws; Export Control.
Isola controls and operates this Site from the United States of America and the Materials may not be appropriate or available for use in other locations.  If you use this Site or Services outside the United States of America, you are responsible for following applicable local laws.Feedback.
If you send or transmit any communications, comments, questions, suggestions, or related materials to Isola, whether by letter, email, telephone, or otherwise (collectively, “Feedback”), suggesting or recommending changes to the Site, the Services or Materials, including, without limitation, new features or functionality relating thereto, all such Feedback is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.  You hereby assign all right, title, and interest in, and Isola is free to use, without any attribution or compensation to you, any ideas, know-how, concepts, techniques, or other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained in the Feedback, whether or not patentable, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing, having manufactured, licensing, marketing, and selling, directly or indirectly, products and services using such Feedback.  You understand and agree that Isola is not obligated to use, display, reproduce, or distribute any such ideas, know-how, concepts, or techniques contained in the Feedback, and you have no right to compel such use, display, reproduction, or distribution.Dispute Resolution and Arbitration; Class Action Waiver.
Please read this carefully. It affects your rights.Most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to a customer’s satisfaction by contacting us at webmaster@isola-group.com. This Provision facilitates the prompt and efficient resolution of any disputes that may arise between you and Isola.  Arbitration is a form of private dispute resolution in which persons with a dispute waive their rights to file a lawsuit, to proceed in court and to a jury trial, and instead submit their disputes to a neutral third person (or arbitrator) for a binding decision.  You have the right to opt-out of this Provision (as explained below), which means you would retain your right to litigate your disputes in a court, either before a judge or jury.Please read this Provision carefully.  It provides that all Disputes between you and Isola shall be resolved by binding arbitration, unless you opt-out or unless you or Isola choose to bring qualifying Disputes in small claims court.  Arbitration replaces the right to go to court.  In the absence of this arbitration agreement, you may otherwise have a right or opportunity to bring claims in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate in or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including, but not limited to, class actions).  Except as otherwise provided, entering into this agreement constitutes a waiver of your right to litigate claims and all opportunity to be heard by a judge or jury.  There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.  The arbitrator must follow this agreement and can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorney’s fees).For the purpose of this Provision, “Isola” means Isola and its parents, subsidiary, and affiliate companies, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents.  The term “Dispute” means any dispute, claim, or controversy between you and Isola regarding any aspect of your relationship with Isola, whether based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort (including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent inducement, or negligence), or any other legal or equitable theory, and includes the validity, enforceability or scope of this Provision (with the exception of the enforceability of the Class Action Waiver clause below).  “Dispute” is to be given the broadest possible meaning that will be enforced, and shall include any claims against other parties relating to services or products provided or billed to you (such as Isola’s licensors, suppliers, dealers or third party vendors) whenever you also assert claims against us in the same proceeding.WE EACH AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, ANY AND ALL DISPUTES, AS DEFINED ABOVE, WHETHER PRESENTLY IN EXISTENCE OR BASED ON ACTS OR OMISSIONS IN THE PAST OR IN THE FUTURE, WILL BE RESOLVED EXCLUSIVELY AND FINALLY BY BINDING ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PROVISION.Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution
For all Disputes, whether pursued in court or arbitration, you must first give Isola an opportunity to resolve the Dispute.  You must commence this process by e-mailing written notification to Isola, corporatesecretary@isola-group.com.  That written notification must include (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) a written description of your Claim, and (4) a description of the specific relief you seek.  If Isola does not resolve the Dispute within 45 days after it receives your written notification, you may pursue your Dispute in arbitration.  You may pursue your Dispute in a court only under the circumstances described below.Exclusions from Arbitration/Right to Opt Out
Notwithstanding the above, you or Isola may choose to pursue a Dispute in court and not by arbitration if (a) the Dispute qualifies, it may be initiated in small claims court; or (b) YOU OPT-OUT OF THESE ARBITRATION PROCEDURES WITHIN 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE THAT YOU FIRST CONSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT (the “Opt-Out Deadline”).  You may opt out of this Provision by e-mailing written notification to Isola at corporatesecretary@isola-group.com.  Your written notification must include (1) your name, (2) your address, and (3) a clear statement that you do not wish to resolve disputes with Isola through arbitration.  Your decision to opt-out of this Arbitration Provision will have no adverse effect on your relationship with Isola.  Any opt-out request received after the Opt-Out Deadline will not be valid and you must pursue your Dispute in arbitration or small claims court.Arbitration Procedures
If this Provision applies and the Dispute is not resolved as provided above (Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution), either you or Isola may initiate arbitration proceedings.  The American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), www.adr.org, or JAMS, www.jamsadr.com, will arbitrate all Disputes, and the arbitration will be conducted before a single arbitrator.  The arbitration shall be commenced as an individual arbitration, and shall in no event be commenced as a class arbitration.  All issues shall be for the arbitrator to decide, including the scope of this Provision.For arbitration before AAA, for Disputes of less than $75,000, the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will apply; for Disputes involving $75,000 or more, the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules will apply.  In either instance, the AAA’s Optional Rules For Emergency Measures Of Protection shall apply.  The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.  For arbitration before JAMS, the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules & Procedures and the JAMS Recommended Arbitration Discovery Protocols For Domestic, Commercial Cases will apply.  The JAMS rules are available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling 1-800-352-5267.  This Provision governs in the event it conflicts with the applicable arbitration rules.  Under no circumstances will class action procedures or rules apply to the arbitration.Because the Site and these Terms concern interstate commerce, the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) governs the arbitrability of all Disputes.  However, the arbitrator will apply applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and the applicable statute of limitations or condition precedent to suit.Arbitration Award – The arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available pursuant to applicable law, and will not have the power to award relief to, against or for the benefit of any person who is not a party to the proceeding.  The arbitrator will make any award in writing but need not provide a statement of reasons unless requested by a party.  Such award will be final and binding on the parties, except for any right of appeal provided by the FAA, and may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the parties for purposes of enforcement.Location of Arbitration – You or Isola may initiate arbitration in either Maricopa County, Arizona the federal judicial district that includes your billing address.  In the event that you select the federal judicial district that includes your billing address, Isola may transfer the arbitration to Maricopa County, Arizona in the event that it agrees to pay any additional fees or costs you incur as a result of the transfer, as determined by the arbitrator.Payment of Arbitration Fees and Costs – Isola will pay all arbitration filing fees and arbitrator’s costs and expenses upon your written request given prior to the commencement of the arbitration.  You are responsible for all additional fees and costs that you incur in the arbitration, including, but not limited to, attorneys or expert witnesses.  Fees and costs may be awarded as provided pursuant to applicable law.  In addition to any rights to recover fees and costs under applicable law, if you provide notice and negotiate in good faith with Isola as provided in the section above titled “Pre-Arbitration Claim Resolution” and the arbitrator concludes that you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, you will be entitled to recover reasonable attorney’s fees and costs as determined by the arbitrator.Class Action Waiver
Except as otherwise provided in this Provision, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a class or representative proceeding or claims (such as a class action, consolidated action or private attorney general action) unless both you and Isola specifically agree to do so following initiation of the arbitration.  If you choose to pursue your Dispute in court by opting out of the Arbitration Provision, as specified above, this Class Action Waiver will not apply to you.  Neither you, nor any other user of the Site can be a class representative, class member, or otherwise participate in a class, consolidated, or representative proceeding without having complied with the opt-out requirements above.Jury Waiver
You understand and agree that by entering into this Agreement you and Isola are each waiving the right to a jury trial or a trial before a judge in a public court.  In the absence of this Provision, you and Isola might otherwise have had a right or opportunity to bring Disputes in a court, before a judge or jury, and/or to participate or be represented in a case filed in court by others (including class actions).  Except as otherwise provided below, those rights are waived.  Other rights that you would have if you went to court, such as the right to appeal and to certain types of discovery, may be more limited or may also be waived.Severability
If any clause within this Provision (other than the Class Action Waiver clause above) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that clause will be severed from this Provision, and the remainder of this Provision will be given full force and effect.  If the Class Action Waiver clause is found to be illegal or unenforceable, this entire Provision will be unenforceable and the Dispute will be decided by a court.Continuation
This Provision shall survive the termination of your service with Isola or its affiliates.  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if Isola makes any change to this Provision (other than a change to the Notice Address), you may reject any such change and require Isola to adhere to the language in this Provision if a dispute between us arises.Termination.
If you violate these Terms, Isola may terminate and/or suspend your access to this Site or Services without notice. Isola prefers to advise you of your inappropriate behavior and to recommend any necessary corrective action.  However, certain violations of these Terms, as determined by Isola, may result in immediate termination of your access to this Site.Isola may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Site or Services, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Site and Services, under any provision of the Terms, may be effected without prior notice to you, and acknowledge and agree that Isola may bar any further access to the Site.  Further, you agree that Isola shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of access to the Site.Limited Time to Bring Claim.
Where permitted by law, you and Isola agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to the Site, the Services or any Materials must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause of action accrues. Otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.General.
The Federal Arbitration Act, Arizona state law and applicable U.S. federal law, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions, will govern these Terms.  Foreign laws do not apply.  The United Nations on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and any laws based on the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) shall not apply to this Agreement.  Except for Disputes subject to arbitration as described above, any disputes relating to these Terms or this Site will be heard in the courts located in Maricopa County, Arizona.  If any of these Terms is found to be inconsistent with applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to reflect the intentions of the parties, and no other terms will be modified.  Isola’s failure to enforce any of these Terms is not a waiver of such term.  These Terms are the entire agreement between you and Isola and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements between you and Isola about this Site.  The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability and general provisions shall survive any termination of these Terms.Contact Us.
If you have any questions about these Terms or otherwise need to contact Isola for any reason, you can reach us at webmaster@isola-group.com.
Isola is the base for innovation
Learn WhyAdd a Product to Compare to 185HR
Search
Product Documentation - EmailContent TBD - Please provide an email address. Note that some files may be too large for some email service providers to accept.
Email Address
SubmitProduct Documentation - DownloadThe files you've selected have been compressed into a zip file for your convenience.
Download NowProduct Documentation - Add to ProfileThe files you've selected have been added to your profile.
View Profile