http://www.marketing.org/content/show/id/bma-terms-of-service
Home > About
Terms of Service
The Association of National Advertisers, Inc. ("ANA") maintains this site (the "Site") for your personal information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for noncommercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without the written permission of the ANA.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and the ANA, are superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site without the written permission of the ANA. The ANA, neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with the ANA.
While the ANA, uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, the ANA, makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. The ANA, assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither the ANA, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. The ANA, also assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and nonproprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by the ANA, or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, the ANA, is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the property of, or used with permission by, the ANA The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks the ANA, and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the ANA, or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the Site, except as provided in these Term and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that the ANA, will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
The ANA has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although the ANA may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the Site, the ANA, is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. The ANA, will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing the ANA, to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, other than any personally identifiable information collected and used to register for events or in making an information request is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and nonproprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by the ANA, or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, the ANA, is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.  Please see our Privacy Policy regarding how we collect and use your personally identifiable information.
The ANA, may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Read Newsstand
×
Cookie Preferences
The ANA asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. Social media and advertising cookies of third parties are used to offer you social media functionalities and personalized ads. To amend your preferences you can visit "Cookie Settings" at the bottom of the website. To get more information about these cookies and the processing of your personal data, check our Privacy and Cookie Policy. Do you accept these cookies and the processing of personal data involved?
Functional
These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore the site within a single session or, if you request, from session to session.
Performance
These cookies allow us to improve the site’s functionality by tracking usage on this website. In some cases these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request, allow us to remember site preferences you’ve selected. De-selecting these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance.
Social Media and Advertising
Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our website through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within ANA’s website(s) and on other websites and online services. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. For more information about this processing of personal data, check our Privacy and Cookie Policy. De-selecting these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks and/or not allowing you to share content on social media
I Understand
The ANA asks you to accept cookies for performance, social media and advertising purposes. Check our Privacy and Cookie Policy for more information.
Settings OK, Got it