https://www.ocon.co.uk/privacy-policy/
You are here: Home / Privacy PolicyOwens Conveyor Company
Privacy PolicyThis website is operated by Owens Conveyor Company – Branded as Ocon ConveyorsWe take your privacy very seriously and we ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on:the personal information we collect about you (name address, email address, financial information);what we do with your information; andwho your information might be shared with.Who we areOwens Conveyor Company (often referenced as Ocon Conveyors) (“we” or “us“) are a ‘data controller’ for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, (i.e. we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information).What information we collect?Personal information provided by youWe collect personal information about you (such as your name, address and payment details) when you register with us or purchase products or services from us. We also collect personal information when you contact us and send us feedback.Personal information provided by third partiesOccasionally we may receive information about you from other sources (such as credit reference agencies), which we will add to the information we already hold about you in order to help us provide products and services, improve and personalise our service to you.Personal information about other individualsIf you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can:give consent on his/her behalf to the processing of his/her personal data; andreceive on his/her behalf any data protection notices.Monitoring and recording communicationsWe may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone conversations and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance.Use of cookiesA cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies on our website.For example, we may monitor how many times you visit the website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user’s internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the websites below tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, some of our website features may not function as a result.For further information on our use of cookies, including a detailed list of your information which we and others may collect through cookies please see our Website cookie policy.For further information on cookies generally visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.How will we use the information about you?We collect information about you so that we can:identify you and manage any accounts you hold with us;process your order;conduct research, statistical analysis and behavioural analysis;if you agree, let you know about other products or services that may be of interest to you – see ‘Marketing’ section below;detect and prevent fraud;customise our website and its content to your particular preferences;notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you;improve our services.MarketingWe would like to send you information by post, email, telephone, text message (SMS) or automated call about products and services, competitions and special offers which may be of interest to you.If you have consented to such receive marketing from us, you can opt out at any time. See ‘What rights do you have?’ below for further information.Who your information might be shared withWe may disclose your personal data to:other companies within our group; andour agents and service providers such as delivery companies.Keeping your data secureWe will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example:access to your account is controlled by a password and user name that are unique to you;we store your personal data on secure servers; andpayment details are encrypted using SSL technology (typically you will see a lock icon or green address bar (or both) in your browser when we use this technology).While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below).What can I do to keep my information safe?If you want detailed information from Get Safe Online on how to protect your information and your computers and devices against fraud, identity theft, viruses and many other online problems, please visit www.getsafeonline.org. Get Safe Online is supported by HM Government and leading businesses.What rights do you have?Right to request a copy of your informationYou can request a copy of your information which we hold (this is known as a subject access request). If you would like a copy of some or it, please:email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below)let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), andlet us know the information you want a copy of, including any account or reference numbers, if you have them.Right to correct any mistakes in your informationYou can require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold free of charge. If you would like to do this, please:email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below)let us have enough information to identify you (e.g. account number, user name, registration details), andlet us know the information that is incorrect and what it should be replaced withRight to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketingYou can ask us to stop contacting you for direct marketing purposes. If you would like to do this, please:email, call or write to us (see ‘How can you contact us?’ below). You can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of the email newsletter. It may take up to 7 days for this to take place; andlet us know what method of contact you are not happy with if you are unhappy with certain ways of contacting you only (for example, you may be happy for us to contact you by email but not by telephone)How to contact usPlease contact us if you have any questions about this privacy policy or the information we hold about you.If you wish to contact us, please send an email to enquiries@www.ocon.co.ukWe may change this privacy policy from time to time. You should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version that will apply each time you access this website.Can’t find what you require?We can manufacture bespoke conveyors to suit your requirements.Enquire Now
Ocon Conveyors
Westgate House, Westgate, Aldridge, Walsall, England, WS9 8EXPhone 01922 452 333Email enquiries@ocon.co.ukServices
Conveyor Spare Parts
Conveyor Servicing
Conveyor Systems & AutomationProducts
Belt Conveyors
Gravity Conveyors
Flexible Conveyor
Vehicle Loading & Unloading
Plastic Modular Belt ConveyorsLinks
Home
About
ContactScroll to topThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable google webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable google maps.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.Privacy PolicyYou can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy