https://www.lelandwest.com/why-leland-west/privacy.cfm
Leland-West Insurance
Why Leland-West? What We Insure About Us Contact Us Customer Service Blog
Am I Eligible? Agreed Value Policy Highlights Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Instant Quote
Privacy Policy We respect the privacy of our prospective customers, policy holders and web site visitors. When you visit or do business with us we want you to feel secure in this knowledge. E-mail No e-mail addresses sent to us as the result of correspondence will be used or collected for the purposes of reselling to any sort of bulk e-mailing list (bulk emailers are known commonly as ''spammers''). Our Web Site The only private information we have about you is the information you choose to give us by filling out a form or providing feedback. We use the information you provide to process your requests for quotes, policy service and so on. We may use this data for future mailings, both email or postal. Cookies and Visitor Tracking The use of cookies, especially with regard to enhancement of web programming, is standard in the Internet industry. No individualized information of any sort is kept, tracked or used. Further, no personal information of any sort can be guessed or inferred by a third party. Statistical Information We do not accept outside advertising at this time. As such we share none of our site's statistical information with outside parties. We do collect aggregate visitor statistics for our own use in evaluating our quality of service. This data is, by their very nature, aggregate totals and can not disclose any sort of individual information. No one can identify, contact or find you through our use of this data. External Links This site contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Prospective and Current Customers
In order to acquire and maintain an insurance policy with us, both initially and over time, you will need to provide us with a variety of information.
We consider all of the information you share with us personal and confidential.
We use this information to service your insurance policy.
Additionally, regulatory or law enforcement authorities may request that we share information with them, or compel us to do so (for example, as part of an audit).
We may also share information with others in an investigation we are undertaking (for example, with attornies or private investigators as part of an inquiry into an insurance claim). Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via email or telephone:
See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
We also take additional measures which are not readily visible to the general public. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. While we take security precautions and make every reasonable effort to ensure your private information stays that way, nothing in this world is perfect.
Your personal information is subject to inadvertent disclosure or interception as the result of a successful attack by an unknown third party.
While this is unlikely, it is nonetheless possible.
Toll Free 1.877.237.4730
Contact Us
Stay connected
CA Lic. OE49392 (Licensed in 48 states)
Copyright © 2004 -
Leland-West Insurance Site designed and maintained by JPS Design Group
Toll Free 1.877.237.4730
Stay connected
Agents Customer Service Blog Privacy Site Map AutoTech
CA Lic. OE49392 (Licensed in 48 states)
Copyright © 2004 -
Leland-West Insurance Site designed and maintained by JPS Design Group
Home Instant Quote
Am I Eligible?
Agreed Value Policy Highlights
What We Insure
Frequently Asked Questions
Frequently Asked Questions
What You Should Know
Introduction Actual Cash Value Stated Amount/Value Agreed Amount/Value Claims Obtaining A Policy Conclusion
Insurance Tips
Automotive Topics
General Topics
What You Should Know
Agreed Value
Pay Your Bill
About
Why Leland-West? Testimonials
About Us
Contact Us
Agents
Auto-Tech
Privacy
Blog
Customer Service