https://www.rainhail.com/d/ps/privacy_statement_california_residents
Skip to main content area
Username
Password
Unlock/Reset Password
Forgot Username
Create an Account
Return to Services Site
HomeAboutOur StoryCommunity CommitmentDivision Office LocationsMission StatementService Through TechnologyWorldly InfluenceCareersAgri General Insurance CompanyCanadian DivisionBlueprint to Improve Crop InsuranceCanadian Division - Everyone Benefitsmore... CropCrop-HailMulti-Peril Crop InsurancePrivate Stand Alone Programsmore... Commercial/Farm & RanchToolsAccess Your Policy ProvisionsCreate an AccountFind an AgentHistorical Causes of LossHistorical Commodity PricingHistorical Trend AdjustmentLoss Estimation WorksheetMPCI DatesMPCI Industry DataRevenue Loss Trigger Worksheetmore... ResourcesRain and Hail MerchandiseRain and Hail Insurance SocietyRHIS Political Action CommitteeClaims Resources & FAQsAcceptable Production RecordsPricesHarvest PricesHistorical Commodity PricingPrice AnnouncementsProjected PricesWeatherCurrent WeatherWeather ForecastsWeather Statisticsmore... Search
Privacy Statement for California Residents
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (EFFECTIVE ON JANUARY 1, 2020)
If you would like to go directly to the section of this notice disclosing the categories of personal information that we collect, please click here.
If you would like to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please visit us at our Data Subject Request web page by clicking here or by calling us at the following toll-free telephone number 1-877-706-6867.
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in the Rain and Hail L.L.C. (“we”, “us” or “our”) Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Notice applies solely to all visitors, users, and others
who reside in the State of California, as required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and applies to their personal information as defined in the CCPA, whether collected online or offline.
This Privacy Policy applies to www.RainHail.com and other websites or
mobile applications that link to the Rain and Hail L.L.C. Privacy Statement (the
“Policy Statement”), as well as offline activities where California residents
are directed to the Policy Statement.
As used in this Privacy Notice, “personal information” means any information that
identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated
with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular
California resident or household.
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like certain health or medical information and other categories of information protected by different laws.
Service Providers
This Privacy Notice does not apply to our activities as a
service provider under the CCPA.
Where
your personal information is processed by Rain and Hail acting as a service
provider, you should refer to the Privacy Policy of the entity that has engaged
us as a service provider.
If you make a
request to exercise CCPA rights to us where we are acting as a service provider under the CCPA, we may
be required to disclose your request to the relevant client.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect & Disclose Subject to this Privacy Notice
We
collect personal information about a variety of California residents, including
actual and prospective policyholders, representatives of corporate
policyholders, other insured persons, third party claimants, actual and
prospective agents or business partners, brokers and Rain and Hail service
providers.
The type of personal
information we collect depends on the context in which your information is
collected, as well as the product or service (if any) that you have with us.
The table below sets out generally the
categories of personal information (as defined by the CCPA) about California
residents that we may collect and disclose to others for a business
purpose.
We collect these categories of
personal information from the sources described in the “How Do We Collect Personal
Information Subject to this Privacy Notice" section below, and for
the purposes described below in the "Uses of Personal Information Subject to this
Privacy Notice” section.
Note
that our collection, use and disclosure of personal information about you will
vary depending upon the circumstances and nature of our interactions or
relationship with you.
About the chart below:
With respect to disclosures, we
may disclose personal information for business purposes to service providers,
agents, regulators, auditors, counsel, consultants, reinsurers, advisors,
representatives and banks.
Please note
that we provide appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards
for data and generally require our service providers to provide at least the
same or equal protection of user data as described in this Privacy Notice. In addition, some personal information included in the categories may
overlap with other categories.
Category
Examples
Collected
Disclosed for a business purpose(s)
Name, Contact Information and other Identifiers
A real name, alias, job title, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, device IDs, Internet Protocol address, email address, date of birth, policy number, salary information, social security number, driver’s license number, other government identifiers, credit card number, and tax ID.
YES
YES
Customer Records
A
paper or electronic customer or claimant record containing personal
information, as well as information provided by a reinsurance or insurance
broker/agent for underwriting purposes and information included in a list of
claims, such as name, signature, physical characteristics or description,
address, telephone number, education, current employment, employment history,
social security number, passport number, driver’s license or state
identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number,
payment card number, gender, height,
weight, medical information (including reports and medical bills), or health
insurance information, details about home address, security and travel plan
arrangements, records of personal property, products or services purchased or
obtained.
YES
YES
Protected Classifications
Age (40 years or older), race, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, sex, sexual orientation, and veteran or military status.
YES
YES
Usage Data
Internet or other electronic network activity information regarding a California resident's interaction with our portals, Internet websites, applications, or advertisements, including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, and search history.
YES
YES
Biometric Information (in limited circumstances in the employment context)
Individual biological or behavioral characteristics including measurements of physical characteristics such as height, weight and blood pressure, sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
YES
YES
Non-Public Educational Information
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational or institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes and student disciplinary records.
YES
YES
Geolocation Data
Physical location or movements.
NO
NO
Audio, Video and Other Electronic Data
Audio information including call recordings and photographs.
YES
YES
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Employment history, qualifications, licensing, and disciplinary record.
YES
YES
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Inferences drawn from any of the information described in this section about a consumer including inferences reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior and abilities.
YES
YES
How Do We Collect Personal Information Subject to this Privacy Notice
Rain
and Hail collects personal information about you, your household and the
members of your household to conduct business operations, provide customer
service, offer new products and satisfy legal and regulatory requirements.
The type of personal information we collect
depends on the financial product or service (if any) that you have with
us.
We may collect the categories of
personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
information
from you directly or from your agent, broker or other representative, including
information from applications, worksheets, questionnaires, claim forms or other
documents (such as name, address, driver’s license number, Social Security
number and amount of coverage requested);
information
about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others (such as products or
services purchased, claims made, account balances and payment history);
information
about you from a corporate policyholder or its representatives in connection
with your coverage or a claim that you may have under the corporate
policyholder’s policy;
information from a consumer reporting agency (such as motor vehicle reports);
information from other non- Rain and Hail sources (such as prior loss information and demographic information);
information from Rain and Hail service providers, business partners or other representatives (such as third party administrators and adjusters);
information from visitors to our websites (such as that provided through online forms and collected through other website tools);
information
from an employer, benefit plan sponsor, benefit plan administrator or group
master policyholder for any Rain and Hail individual or group insurance product
that you may have (such as name, address and amount of coverage requested); and
we
may also collect information about you from public sources (such as information
you submit in a public forum, a blog, chat room, or social network).
Uses of Personal Information Subject to this Privacy Notice
We may use the information we collect for a number of purposes, including:
to provide you with, renew or modify products and services;
to provide you with the information and
documents you request and for other customer service purposes;
to carry out our obligations and enforce
our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us,
including for billing, collections and payments;
to process claims and other legal actions;
to respond to law enforcement requests,
court order or regulations, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process,
as required by applicable law;
to
provide you with information about other websites or mobile applications that
link to this Privacy Policy or required notices;
to deliver marketing communications or
promotional materials that may be of interest to you and to assist us in
determining relevant advertising;
for advertising and marketing purposes, as
well as claims assessment and actuarial purposes, we may share your information
with third-party analytics providers;
to improve the services we provide and the
usefulness of our websites and mobile applications;
to customize your experience when using our
websites and mobile applications;
to carry out actuarial analysis and develop
our actuarial and pricing models;
to perform testing, product development and
research, and to analyze use of our websites and online applications;
to prevent and detect fraud, infringements
of our policies and contracts and other potential misuse of our products,
services and assets;
to assist our affiliates in their everyday
business purposes;
to provide training or organize events;
as described to you when collecting your personal information;
to refer you to our third party partners as part of a referral program;
to conduct financial, tax and accounting
audits, and audits and assessments of business operations or security and
financial controls;
to plan, engage in due diligence for, and implement commercial transactions; and
to secure our offices, premises and physical assets, including through the use of electronic access systems; and
to investigate privacy, security or employment related incidents
Sale of Personal Information Subject to this Privacy Notice
Our business practice is not to sell personal information that is subject to the CCPA even within the meaning of the broad definition of “sale” in the CCPA, and we are not selling and do not have plans to sell personal information of California residents.
However, we support consumer choice regarding use of consumers’ personal information and for this reason, refer you to the “Right
to Opt-out of Sales” section immediately below for more information on how to register your choice with us with regard to future uses of your personal information.
Your CCPA Rights
The CCPA provides California residents
with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section
describes your rights under the CCPA and explains how to exercise those
rights.
Subject to certain exceptions,
California consumers have the right to make the following requests:
Right to Opt-out of Sales
We are not selling personal information of
California residents. Further, we will not sell personal information if we have
actual knowledge that the consumer is less than 16 years of age, unless we
receive affirmative authorization (“opt-in”) from either the consumer between
13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13
years of age.
If you would like to register your choice with regard to future uses of your personal information, please visit us at our Data Subject Request web page by clicking here
and we will register your details for this purpose.
Other businesses collect information,
including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web
browsing and app usage, and how you interact with ads in order to provide you
with relevant ads across the Internet and for other analytics purposes. By
visiting
www.privacyrights.info or
optout.privacyrights.info, you can opt out
of this type of use of personal information by businesses that participate in
the opt out tool. To make opt-out requests related to mobile apps on your
device for businesses participating in the DAA’s CCPA App-based Opt-Out Tool,
you can download the appropriate app at
www.youradchoices.com/appchoices
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete
and direct any service providers that have received that personal information
to delete, the personal information that we have collected and retained, unless
an exemption applies.
Once we receive
and confirm your verifiable request, we will delete (and, if applicable, direct
our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records,
unless an exemption applies.
Right to Access
You have the right to request that we
disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your
personal information over the past 12 months.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to
you:
the categories of personal information we collected about you;
the categories of sources of personal information we collected about you;
our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling that personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed or shared that personal information; and
the specific pieces of personal information we collected from you;
Submitting Requests
You can submit a deletion or access request by either
Accessing our Data Subject Request web page
Calling us at 1-877-706-6867
We
will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as
required by law.
You can also designate
an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf, but the
agent must provide proof that the agent is authorized to make a request on your
behalf.
We
may ask you for additional information necessary to verify or process your
request.
Where applicable, we may ask
for proof that an authorized agent is entitled to act on your behalf.
We may also carry out checks, including with
third party identity verification services, to verify your identity before
taking any action with your personal information.
We will endeavor to respond your verifiable
requests within 45 days of receipt.
If
we require more time (up to 45 additional days), we will inform you of the
reason and extension period in writing.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding
the verifiable consumer request receipt.
Generally, California residents can exercise rights free of charge.
However, if your request is manifestly
unfounded or excessive, for example because it is repetitive, we are entitled
to charge you a reasonable fee.
If we
determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that
decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
You have the right not to receive
discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by
the CCPA.
We will not discriminate
against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights or impose unreasonable
requirements on financial incentives offered to California consumers related to
your personal information. We may offer different prices, rates, or quality of
goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value of your
personal information.
Changes in this Privacy Notice
If we decide to change this privacy notice, we will post those changes to this privacy notice, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy notice at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
Contact Information
If
you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, the ways in which
we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding
such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate
to contact us at:
Phone: 1-877-706-6867
Website: www.rainhail.com
Email: PrivacyOffice@RainHail.com
Postal Address
Rain and Hail L.L.C.,
Attn: Privacy Officer
9200 Northpark Drive
Johnston, IA 50131
Last Updated December, 2019
Careers
| Contact Us
| Find an Agent
| Search
| Site Map
| Support
Disclaimer | Fraud | Non-Discrimination Statement | Privacy Statement | California Resident Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Download our mobile app iTunes App Store | Google Play™ Store
© 2000-2020 Rain and Hail | All rights reserved. Rain and Hail is an equal opportunity provider and employer.