https://www.fslelectronics.com/privacy-policy/
Request a Callback
Hit "Enter" to search or "Esc" to close.
Skip to Main Content
FSL
Electronics
Home
Products
FSL Remote Controls
ELCA Safety Remotes
Industrial Displays
Custom Solutions
Accessories
Applications
Support
Videos
Guides
FAQs
Company
News
Shop
Contact
Request a Callback
Request a Callback
Full Name
*
Phone Number
*
Email Address
*
Message
GDPR Consent
*
By selecting this box you agree for us to contact you using the information provided above and to everything outlined in our Privacy Policy.
Send Message
If you are human, leave this field blank.
Your privacy is important to us.
This website uses cookies to help deliver its services. By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies as outlined in our
Privacy Policy
.
Okay, Got It.
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 23 September 2020
At FSL, we take your privacy seriously, and will only use your personal information to administer your account, and to provide the products or services which you have requested from us. However, from time to time we would like to contact you with details of products, offers, and new releases which we feel you might be interested in. We never sell, rent, or trade email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. In this privacy policy, we have lined out in detail how and why we collect your personal information and the limited conditions under which we may disclose your information to others, and how we keep it secure.
What data do we collect:
Transactional Data:
When you purchase a product with us, your name, address data, email and contact number will be stored in our SAGE Financial Database. You may, of course, purchase products in person without supplying the aforementioned personal data. Please be assured that we do not share your personal details with any other company without your consent.
Google Analytics:
When someone visits https://www.fslelectronics.co.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. This information allows us to streamline our services to ensure that we provide the best consumer experience possible.
Guest Wi-Fi:
When you use FSL guest Wi-Fi, we will not collect or store any of your personal information. Please be advised that this is an insecure service, and is used at the discretion of the customer.
Mailing Lists:
At FSL, we generate monthly newsletters and information packages, so that we can keep customers informed on new products, or solutions which may be relevant to them. To do this, we collect some personal information, with your consent, ensuring we provide an effective service to our customers. We never share any of this information with other organisations or businesses. We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing our data protection officer Martin Dorman.
Access to Personal Information:
Under GDPR, the data subject(you) has the right to access and amend any of their personal data that we at FSL hold. If you wish to do this, contact our Data Protection Officer Martin Dorman by e-mail on martin.dorman@fslelectronics.com