http://www.doylesails.com/about/privacy
Cart
Menu
About us
THE DOYLE SAILS STORY
OUR PEOPLE
OUR LEGACY
Innovation
DELTA
STRATIS TECHNOLOGY
SURFACES
FIBRES
CABLELESS TECHNOLOGY
STRUCTURED LUFF TECHNOLOGY
DOYLE DESIGN
SAIL MATERIALS
WOVENS
LAMINATES
MEMBRANES
DOYLE SAIL ART
Education
SAIL CARE
ESSENTIAL TIPS & TRICKS FOR RACING
SAIL GLOSSARY
DOYLE SAILS SAILMAKING PROGRAMME
MORE
SERVICE & MAINTENANCE
THE DOYLE SAILS WARRANTY
COLOUR YOUR SPINNAKER
APPAREL & MERCHANDISE
MIXED DOUBLES TROPHY
News
Find your local loft
Request a quote
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Cart
CRUISING
COASTAL CRUISING
OFFSHORE CRUISING
SAIL HANDLING SYSTEMS
RACING
CLUB RACING
GRAND PRIX
RACING
SUPERYACHTS
ONE DESIGN
MULTIHULL
MULTIHULL CRUISING
MULTIHULL RACING
About us
Innovation
Education
Other
News
Find your local loft
Request a quote
CRUISING
RACING
SUPERYACHTS
ONE DESIGN
MULTIHULL
RACING CODE SAILS
RACING ASYMMETRICAL SPINNAKERS
RACING SYMMETRICAL SPINNAKERS
RACING STAYSAILS
CRUISING CODE SAIL
CRUISING ASYMMETRICAL SPINNAKERS
CRUISING SYMMETRICAL SPINNAKERS
GRAND PRIX HALL OF FAME
SUPERYACHT HALL OF FAME
Doyle Sails International Limited (we, us, our) complies with New Zealand privacy law (Privacy Law) when dealing with information about an identifiable individual (personal information).
This Privacy Policy sets out what information we collect and how we handle that information.
It also explains: how your personal information is used, shared and protected; what choices you have relating to your personal information; and how you can contact us.
Our websites and other applications and digital properties include www.doylesails.com, www.doyleapparel.com and social media applications and any related application or other digital property which we operate (together, our websites).
Who is responsible for collecting and processing your personal information?
Doyle Sails International Limited (NZBN 9429041342008).
Our address is 320 Rosebank Road, Avondale, Auckland, 1026, New Zealand.
What do we collect?
We may collect and use the following personal information:
information about how you access and use our websites (Usage Data), including:statistical data about your visit to our websites, including the date and time of your visit, the number of links you have clicked on, the pages you have visited, and the number of times you have visited, the advertising you could see while on our websites, the path you used through our websites and the path you used to get to our websites; andinformation about the type of device you use to access our websites, your location, your domain name and IP address, your internet browser software and operating system and platform; andpersonal information about you (Personal Data), including personal information that you submit to us through our Request a Quote, Contact Loft, Service Booking Form and any other methods on our websites.
This may include your name, address, phone number, email address and other information relevant to those forms. Such information may be collected by us when you use our websites or through third party technology used on or in connection with our websites or may be provided by third parties that we work with (such as sub-contractors, advertising networks, analytics providers, software and service providers, search information providers and technology providers).
How is your personal information used?
We may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information (including the personal information you provide to us and that we obtain from third parties or through third party technology) for a number of purposes, including:
to provide you with any products and services you have ordered from us;[KP1] to communicate with you, including to provide you with information you have requested and to inform you of changes to our websites and services;to conduct market, product or sales research and statistical analysis, and business improvement analysis;to better understand your preferences so that we can improve our products and to identify and market the products that may be of interest to you (or allow third parties to do so), unless you have opted out;to measure interest in and improve our products, services and websites;to send you promotions and other information we think you may be interested in (unless you have opted out);to measure the effectiveness of and to improve the relevance of internet advertising and promotional emails;to combine the information we collect from you with other information we collect about you or that third parties collect from you, to learn about your interests and preferences so we can provide you with an improved online experience and to improve our products and services;in order for third parties to provide us with products and services, including in relation to our websites;as part of our efforts to keep our websites safe and secure; otherwise to conduct and develop our business; to protect and/or enforce our legal rights and interests, including defending any claim; andfor any other purpose authorised by you or the Privacy Law.Except as described in this Privacy Policy, w[KP2] e will not:
disclose Usage Data that identifies you individually to any third party; ordisclose Personal Data to any third party without your permission, unless required or permitted by law.You agree that personal information that we collect may be transferred, processed and stored outside of New Zealand or the country where you are based to the people or entities (recipients) and for the purposes set out above even though recipients outside New Zealand may not be required under the laws of their country to protect your personal information in a way that, overall, provides comparable safeguards to those under the Privacy Law.
Where recipients we engage process or store personal information outside of New Zealand we will endeavour to ensure that they protect your personal information in a way that, overall, provides comparable safeguards to those under the Privacy Law.
Encryption and security
We use a variety of technical, administrative and organizational security measures, including encryption and authentication tools in certain circumstances, to maintain the security of your personal information.
Despite our efforts, no website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure.
If you provide us with personal information over the internet, the provision of that information is at your own risk.
If you post your personal information on any message boards on our websites, you acknowledge and agree that the information you post is publicly available.
Retention of your personal information
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this policy, unless otherwise required or permitted by law.
For example, we keep your account profile information for as long as you are our customer, but we may keep your order history longer to comply with legal obligations.
Managing your personal information
Subject to grounds for refusal set out in the Privacy Law, you have the right to request: (i) access to your personal information; (ii) an electronic copy of your personal information; and (iii) correction of your personal information if it is incomplete or inaccurate.
You may opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by following the opt-out instructions provided by us or by contacting us.
We will not discriminate against you for the exercise of these rights.
Third party products and services
Our websites may provide links to other websites and applications for your convenience or information.
Linked websites and applications have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly encourage you to review.
To the extent any linked websites or applications are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the websites or applications, or the privacy practices of the providers of those website or application.
Cookies and pixel tags
We collect information, which may include personal information.
We use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information, which may include your: (i) IP address; (ii) unique cookie identifier, cookie information and information on whether your device has software to access certain features; (iii) unique device identifier and device type; (iv) domain, browser type and language; (v) operating system and system settings; (vi) country and time zone; (vii) previously visited websites; (viii) information about your interaction with our websites such as click behaviour, purchases and indicated preferences; and (ix) access times and referring URLs.
We use cookies and pixel tags to track usage of our websites and to understand our customers’ preferences (such as country and market segments).
This enables us to provide services to our customers and improve their online experience.
We also use cookies and pixel tags to obtain aggregate data about traffic and interaction in order to identify trends and obtain statistics so that we can improve our user experience.
There are generally three categories of cookies used on our websites:
Functional:
These cookies are required for basic functionality and are therefore always enabled.
These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore within a single session or, if you request, from session to session. Performance:
These cookies allow us to improve our functionality by tracking usage.
In some cases, these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request and allow us to remember preferences you have selected.
Refusing these cookies may result in poorly tailored recommendations and slow performance.Social media and advertising:
Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to our social networks and share content through social media.
Advertising cookies collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests.
In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal information.
Refusing these cookies may result in you seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with Facebook, Twitter or other social networks and/or not allowing you to share content on social media.Your browser can help you manage cookies.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies.
You do this through your browser settings on each browser and device that you use.
Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features that make our websites more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Your rights
You may decline to share personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide you with all of the products and services we offer or the features and functionality usually available on our websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
Applicable law and our practices change over time.
If we decide to update this policy, we will post the changes on our websites.
If we materially change the way in which we process your personal information, we will provide you with prior notice, or where legally required, request your consent prior to implementing such changes.
We strongly encourage you to read our privacy policy from time to time to keep yourself informed of our current practices.
Questions and feedback
We welcome questions, comments and concerns about our privacy policy and privacy practices.
If you wish to provide feedback, have any questions or concerns, or wish to exercise your rights related to your personal information, please contact us: info@doylesails.com
We aim to assess and resolve any privacy complaint in a timely and effective manner.
GET IN TOUCH
Request a quote for your sails or simply get in touch with the Doyle Sails Team by clicking below
Request a quote
Contact
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Keep up to date with the latest Doyle Sails news on products, projects and people by subscribing here for our regular newsletter