http://www.toolway.com/aboutus/privacy-policy
Home
|
CATEGORIES
Adhesives & Sealants
Air Tools & Acc.
Automotive
Builder's Tools
Electrical & Lighting
Hand Tools
Hardware
Home & General
Lawn & Garden
Measuring Tools
NEW PRODUCTS
Paint & Sundries
Parts
Plumbing Supplies
Power Tools
Promotional
Welding & Soldering
Work Safety Gear
|
CATALOGUE |
BRANDS
| QUICK ORDER |
PROMOTIONS
Homepage>About Us>Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyOur Privacy CommitmentAt Toolway Industries Ltd we know how important it is to protect your personal information. To ensure every customer experience on-line is safe and secure, we have developed the following comprehensive Privacy Policy that outlines our responsibilities for the collection and use of personal information.What Information does Toolway Industries Collect and how is it Used?At Toolway, we collect two types of information: personal information and non-personal information.  With your consent we may use your personal information for different purposes. This may include but not limited to: Fulfill requests for products, services or information.Provide customer services.Offer new products and services.Measure and improve the effectiveness of our Website or our marketing endeavors.Tailor our online offerings to your preferences.We may also collect and summarize customer information in a format that no longer identifies the individual for statistical purposes. Personal information typically includes your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.  You can always choose not to provide us with any of your personal information. However, if you make this choice, we may not be able to provide you with the product, service, or information that you requested. Non-personal information does not identify you as an individual.Your Implied ConsentYour consent is implied if we ask you to provide personal information with a stated purpose. For example, we can only deliver the product you have purchased if you provide us with your address and phone number.Your Express ConsentWe will ask you to give your express consent to use your personal information to advise you of products or services that may be of interest. You can always "opt out" of having your information used for this purpose.Withdrawing Your ConsentIf you have "opted in" or subscribed to our promotional materials, we will always provide you the opportunity to "opt out" or unsubscribe.Information Toolway CollectsListed here are examples of the ways that we collect and use information about you:While using our Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide certain personal information (such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number). We use this information to complete your transaction. If you choose not to provide requested personal information, you will not be able to use certain features of the Website and you will not be able to engage in transactions through the Website.With any of the services on our Website, we may also use your personal information to contact you for correspondence as well as to respond to your inquiries.With your consent, we may email or use other forms of communications regarding goods or services we believe may be of interest you.Information Toolway Collects AutomaticallyLike most standard Websites, we automatically collect certain unidentifiable non-personal information regarding the user. Examples include the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the IP address of your Internet Service Provider, the date and time you access the Website, the Internet address of the Website from which you linked directly to the Web-store, the operating system you are using, the sections of the Website you visit, the Web pages accessed, the images viewed, and the content you download from the Website. This non-personal information is used for Website and system administration purposes and to improve the online user experience.CookiesThe Website uses "cookies", to install a small amount of information on the user's computer to permit the Website to recognize future visits when using that computer again. Cookies enhance the convenience and use of the Website. For example, the information stored through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website, to offer personalized Web page content, to track your activity, to respond to your needs, and to otherwise facilitate your Website experience. You may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits. Doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features and transactions online.Tracking InformationWe may use non-personal information to compile tracking information reports regarding Website user demographics, traffic patterns, and purchases, and then share these reports with advertisers and others. None of the tracking information in these reports can be connected to the identities or other personal information of the individual users.Links to Other WebsitesOur Website may contain links to other Websites or Internet resources. When you click on one of these links you are contacting another Website or Internet resource. Toolway Industries has no responsibility, liability or control over those other Websites or Internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.Disclose the Information.Toolway Industries Ltd does not sell or share your personal information. We will only share your information as required by law.Protection and Safeguarding of InformationThe security of your personal information is a high priority for Toolway. We maintain appropriate safeguards and up to date security standards to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse, whether recorded on paper or captured electronically. Although we cannot take responsibility for any theft, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, loss, alteration or destruction of data by a third party, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.  Toolway Industries has made an investment in protecting our clients’ and customers’ information utilizing the following technologies:FirewallFirewalls allow the use of authenticated access and can prevent certain types of traffic from entering the private network. Customizing the firewall according to the network topology is essential to having a useful firewall protection mechanism.SSL (Secure Socket Layers)By accepting sensitive information from end-users such as passwords, the Toolway Website uses SSL. This logic encrypts the data being sent to the server from the browser using high-level encryption technology which means the data cannot be viewed in plain text. Once the data is received from customers on the Toolway Network, it may be required that the data be maintained for a certain period inside our private network.Verifying InformationYou can check your information to verify, update, or edit it by logging into your account or by contacting customer service directly. Customer service can also unsubscribe for you should you wish to do so.If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at kEncEmailjogpAuppmxbz/dpn
Powered by k-eCommerce for SAP Business One