http://www.alcad.com/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement | Alcad
Skip to main content
Follow Us
Contact Us
Find location
Keep informed
Alcad Academy
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using Alcad you accept our use of cookies.
Main navigation
About Alcad
Company Profile
Quality and Reliability
Nickel Cadmium battery
Recycling Policy
International Locations
Markets & Applications
Utilities
Industries
Oil & Gas
Renewable energy
Transportation infrastructure
Commercial Buildings
Products
Services
World-Class Services
Battery Sizing
Training Courses
Service Stations
FAQs
Events & Media
Events
Press Releases
Articles
Download Center
contact us
Find location
Keep informed
Privacy Statement
This website is edited by:
ALCAD A.B.
Registered offices:
Norra Strandgatan 35
Box 504
SE-572 25 Oskarshamn
Sweden
Tel: +46 491 68100
Fax: +46 491 68110
Publication
Alcad webmaster contact: webmaster-alcad@alcad.com
Website hosting
This site is hosted by:
Neocles
3, rue Henri Rol-Tanguy
93558 Montreuil
Site Access
By accessing and using Alcad’s website www.alcad.com, you hereby confirm your acceptance to the present terms of use.
Alcad makes its best effort to maintain access to the site, but is in no way bound to do so. Access to the website www.alcad.com may be interrupted for maintenance, updates, or any other purpose, including for technical reasons. Alcad is under no event responsible for these interruptions or for any resulting consequences caused to the visitor.
The website www.alcad.com and the present terms of use shall be governed and interpreted according to the Laws of Sweden. Any dispute with respect to this website or the terms of use shall be exclusively settled by Swedish Courts.
Protection of Personal Information
Please note that the Internet is a freely-accessible system. Each time you choose to communicate personal information over the Internet, you do so at your own risks. These data may fall into the hands of parties that are not the intended recipients.  When visiting the Alcad website (www.alcad.com), User’s personal information may be collected. Alcad may collect, store and use the following type of personal information:
• information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email alert, (last name, name, function, country, company name, E-mail adress)
• any other information that you choose to send to us
• any user having directly or indirectly submitted personal information to a website is entitled to request information on his/her personal data from the website administrator and either modify or remove it. To this effect you may contact: webmaster-alcad@alcad.com
Use of the Site Information and copyright
Data provided by Alcad on this site are for information purposes only and are not legally binding. Alcad makes its best effort to keep this site updated. However, Alcad does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of information of any kind available on the site.
This website, and any information available on this website, may be modified, improved or updated at any time by Alcad without notice.
All the content available on this site is protected by copyright. As a result, any full or partial reproduction or representation of pages, data or any other element constituting the site, by any method or using any medium whatsover, is prohibited without prior authorization from the webmaster and constitutes infringement.
Requests for authorized use of information may be addressed to the following e-mail address: webmaster-alcad@alcad.com
Alcad is not responsible for any hypertext links to any third party web sites, and in particular for such sites’ content or privacy policy.
Accessibility
Browser compatibility
The website www.alcad.com was designed to be displayed by users running Internet Explorer 6.0 or higher or Netscape 6.0 or higher or Mozilla Firefox 1.0 or higher.
Downloadable PDF documents
This site contains a number of documents that can be downloaded in PDF format with no directly associated accessible version. To read PDF files, you can Download Acrobat Reader.
Cookies
The www.alcad.com site uses “cookies”. These files may be stored on the User’s computer, to allow an easier access to this website. The cookies on the site do not aim to identify the User, and are designed to be used by Alcad only. We inform you that you may configure your computer so as to prevent cookies registration.
Credits
This website is designed and developed by Soak Digital Limited, 7A Bank Plain, Norwich NR2 4SF, United Kingdom, UK Company Registration No. 06784718
Photo credits Adobe, Alcad
ADVANCED SOLUTIONS - ENGINEERING INTELLIGENCE
© ALCAD 2020 - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Privacy Statement
General Terms & Conditions
Site Map
contact us
Find location
Keep informed
Follow Us