http://www.schooldude.com/terms
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Last Updated: March 30, 2020
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
This Online Subscription Agreement (this “Agreement”) shall govern Subscriber’s (as defined below) access and use of the Service (as defined below) provided by Dude Solutions, Inc. (together with its affiliates, successors and assigns, “DSI”). BY ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT, EITHER BY CLICKING A BOX INDICATING ACCEPTANCE, BY EXECUTING AN ORDER FORM THAT REFERENCES THIS AGREEMENT OR BY OTHERWISE ACCESSING AND USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. AS A RESULT, PLEASE READ ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.
IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY AND ITS AFFILIATES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN WHICH CASE THE TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY AND ITS AFFILIATES. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, YOU MUST NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE.
Section 1.0 Definitions
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
1.1 “Access Credentials” means any user name, identification number, password, license or security key, security token, PIN or other security code, method, technology or device used, alone or in combination, to verify an individual’s identity and authorization to access and use the Service.
1.2 “Account” means Subscriber’s specific account where Subscriber subscribes to access and use Service(s).
1.3 “Account User” means each employee, consultant and contractor of Subscriber that has been granted Access Credentials.
1.4 “Affiliate” means, with respect to any legal entity, any other legal entity that (i) controls, (ii) is controlled by or (iii) is under common control of such legal entity. A legal entity shall be deemed to “control” another legal entity if it has the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such legal entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.
1.5 “Annual Fee” means the annual fee invoiced to Subscriber by DSI (or its sales agent) prior to the Initial Term and each applicable Renewal Term, which is required to be paid in order for Subscriber to be permitted to access and use the Service and, if Subscriber purchases a Connector Toolkit, the API.
1.6 “API Toolkit” or “API” means DSI’s proprietary application programming interface and any accompanying or related documentation, software libraries, software tools, published specifications, and other materials, as amended from time-to-time in DSI’s sole discretion.
1.7 “Beta Services” means DSI Services or functionality that may be made available to Subscriber to try at its option at no additional charge that is clearly designated as beta, pilot, limited release, early adoption, non-production, sandbox, evaluation or a similar description.
1.8 “Connector Toolkit” means DSI’s add-on module that (i) enables DSI’s Subscribers to integrate (import/export) Subscriber Data with the Service in batch-mode or real-time, and (ii) consists of the “Connecter Tool”, which is a client-side executable program installed locally on Subscriber’s computer, and the API.
1.9 “Confidential Information” means any non-public information and/or materials disclosed in writing or orally by a party under this Agreement (the “Disclosing Party”) to the other party (the “Receiving Party”), which (i) is designated in writing as confidential at the time of disclosure, or (ii) with respect to non-public information disclosed orally, the Disclosing Party sends the Receiving Party a written notice to Receiving Party within 15 days after oral disclosure identifying the non-public information that was disclosed as its confidential information, including when, where, how and to whom such non-public information was disclosed. For avoidance of doubt, DSI’s Confidential Information shall include the source code, data structure, algorithms and logic of the Applications and Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include any information that (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (iii) is received from a Third Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by the Receiving Party.
1.10 “Content” means all of the audio and visual information, documents, content, materials, products and/or software contained in, or made available through, the Service.
1.11 “Community Development Services” means the SmartGov, ATS and ASMi software application(s) subscribed to by Subscriber pursuant to the Agreement, Documentation or Order Form. For avoidance of doubt, Community Development Services applies only to Subscriber’s production instance and shall exclude all beta and early adopter programs, user interface (UI) or user experience (UX) changes, feature or functionality improvements, and enhancements where a workaround exists in production.
1.12 “Documentation” means the user documentation relating to the Service, including but not limited to descriptions of the functional, operational and design characteristics of the Service.
1.13 “DSI Data” means all data, information and other content provided by or on behalf of DSI Subscribers to any of the DSI Services.
1.14 “HIPAA” means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Pub. L. 104-191) and all regulations promulgated thereunder (45 C.F.R. §§ 160-164), as amended by Subtitle D of the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and all regulations promulgated thereunder, as Title XIII of Division A and Title IV of Division B of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Pub. L. 111-5), as amended from time to time.
1.15 “Implementation, Training and Support Program” or “ITSP” means DSI’s comprehensive implementation, training and support program provided to DSI’s Subscribers with respect to the Service.
1.16 “Intellectual Property Rights” means all ideas, concepts, designs, drawings, packages, works of authorship, processes, methodologies, information, developments, materials, inventions, improvements, software, and all intellectual property rights worldwide arising under statutory or common law, including without limitation, all (i) patents and patent applications owned or licensable by a party hereto; (ii) rights associated with works of authorship, including copyrights, copyright applications, copyright registrations, mask work rights, mask work applications and mask work registrations; (iii) rights related to protection of trade secrets and Confidential Information; (iv) trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos; (v) any right analogous to those set forth in clauses (i) through (iv); and (vi) divisions, continuations, renewals, reissues and extensions of the foregoing (as and to the extent applicable) now existing, hereafter filed, issued or acquired.
1.17 “Order Form” means DSI’s ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Subscriber and DSI or its Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements. Entering into an Order Form, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement as if it were an original party.
1.18 “Privacy Policy” means the DSI privacy policy, as amended from time-to-time, which can be viewed by clicking the “Privacy” hypertext link located on www.dudesolutions.com.
1.19 “Service” means DSI’s suite of Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) applications, products and services, as updated, enhanced or otherwise modified from time-to-time that are ordered by Subscriber on an Order Form or provided without charge (if applicable) and made available by DSI, including mobile components.
1.20 “Subscriber” means the legal entity identified on the Account.
1.21 “Subscriber Data” means all data, information and other content provided by or on behalf of Subscriber to the Service, including that which the Account Users input or upload to the Service.
1.22 “Third Party” means a party other than Subscriber or DSI.
Section 2.0 Use of the Service and the API; Proprietary Rights
2.1 Use of the Service and the API.
(a) Service Subscription. Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the responsibilities, limitations and restrictions set forth in this Section 2.1 and payment of the Annual Fees required hereunder), (i) DSI shall permit Subscriber’s Account Users to access and use the Service(s) during the Term, including access and use of all of the Content contained in or made available through the Service(s), (ii) Subscriber shall be automatically enrolled in the ITSP (Implementation, Training and Support Program), if applicable, and (iii) DSI shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make available to Subscriber each of the components described in the ITSP, when applicable. Subscriber agrees that it shall use the Service(s) solely for internal business purposes, and access and use of the Service(s) and the ITSP shall be limited to Account Users.
(b) API License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, the responsibilities, limitations and restrictions set forth in this Section 2.1 and payment of the Annual Fees required hereunder), provided that Subscriber is purchasing the right to use the Connector Toolkit, DSI hereby grants to Subscriber a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license (without the right to sublicense) to use and make calls to the API solely for the purpose of (i) extracting and transferring Subscriber Data from the Service to other Third Party applications used by the Subscriber for internal business purposes, and/or (ii) Subscriber’s internal development efforts to develop applications to work in conjunction with the functionality and capabilities of the Service purchased by Subscriber (“Subscriber Applications”). Subscriber shall have no right to distribute, license (whether or not through multiple tiers) or otherwise transfer the API to any Third Party or incorporate the API in any software, product, or technology.
(c) Account Setup. To subscribe to the Service, Subscriber must establish its Account, which may only be accessed and used by its Account Users. To setup an Account User, Subscriber must provide DSI (and agree to maintain, promptly update and keep) true, accurate, current and complete information for such Account User. If Subscriber or any applicable Account User provides any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, DSI has the right to immediately suspend or terminate Subscriber’s Account and usage of the Service and the API and refuse any and all future use. Each Account User must establish and maintain personal, non-transferable Access Credentials, which shall not be shared with, or used by, any other Third Party. Subscriber may not transfer an Account User’s Access Credentials and/or its right to access and use the Service to a different user. Subscriber shall be solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under its Account, including all acts and omissions of its Account Users. Subscriber shall notify DSI immediately of any unauthorized use of its Account and/or any other breach of security of the Service that it suspects or becomes aware of.
(d) Subscriber Responsibilities. Subscriber shall: (i) take appropriate action to ensure that non-Account Users do not access or use the Service or the API; (ii) ensure that all Account Users comply with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including the limitations and restrictions set out in Section 2.1(e); (iii) be solely responsible for the accuracy, integrity, legality, reliability and appropriateness of all Subscriber Data created by Account Users using the Service; (iv) access and use the Service solely in compliance with the Documentation and all applicable local, state, federal, and foreign laws, rules, directives and regulations (including those relating to export, homeland security, anti-terrorism, data protection and privacy); (v) allow e-mail notifications generated by the Service on behalf of Subscriber’s Account Users to be delivered to Subscriber’s Account Users; and (vi) promptly update and upgrade its system as requested or required in order to ensure continued performance and compatibility with upgrades to the Service and/or API Modifications (as defined in Section 2.1(g)). Subscriber shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by Account Users and any access or Use of the Service by persons other than Account Users.
(e) Limitations and Restrictions. Subscriber agrees that it shall not, and shall not permit any Third Party to, directly or indirectly: (i) modify, alter, revise, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, create derivative works or attempt to derive the source code of the Service or the API; (ii) assign, transfer, lease, rent, sublicense, distribute or otherwise make available the Service or the API, in whole or in part, to any Third Party, including on a timesharing, software-as-a-service or other similar basis; (iii) share Access Credentials or otherwise allow access or use the Service or the API to provide any service bureau services or any services on a similar basis; (iv) use the Service or the API in a way not authorized in writing by DSI or for any unlawful purpose; (v) use the Service or the API to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of Third Party privacy rights; (vi) attempt to tamper with, alter, disable, hinder, by-pass, override, or circumvent any security, reliability, integrity, accounting or other mechanism, restriction or requirement of the Service or the API; (vii) remove, obscure or alter any copyright, trademark, patent or proprietary notice affixed or displayed by or in the Service; (viii) perform load tests, network scans, penetration tests, ethical hacks or any other security auditing procedures on the Service or the API; (ix) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Service, the API or the data contained therein; (x) access or use the Service or the API in order to replicate applications, products or services offered by DSI and/or otherwise build a competitive product or service, copy any features, functions or graphics of the Service or the API or monitor the availability and/or functionality of the Service or the API for any benchmarking or competitive purposes; (xi) under any circumstances, through a Third Party application, a Subscriber Application or otherwise, repackage or resell the Service, the API or any DSI data received via the API; (xii) store, manipulate, analyze, reformat, print, and display the Content for personal use; and (xiii) upload or insert code, scripts, batch files or any other form of scripting or coding into the Service;.
(f) Additional Service Guidelines. DSI reserves the right to establish or modify general practices and limits concerning use of the Service. DSI shall provide at least thirty (30) days’ prior notice of any such modification. DSI also reserves the right to block IP addresses originating a Denial of Service (DoS) attack. DSI shall notify Subscriber should this condition exist and inform Subscriber of its action. Once blocked, an IP address shall not be able to access the Service or the API and the block may be removed once DSI is satisfied corrective action has taken place to resolve the issue.
(g) API Modifications. DSI may modify, amend, change, or deprecate all or part of the API in its sole discretion at any time (an “API Modification”). DSI shall use reasonable efforts to provide notice to Subscriber of any such API Modifications as soon as reasonably practical. Subscriber acknowledges that an API Modification may have a material adverse effect on any applications utilizing or relying upon the API (including Subscriber Applications), including but not limited to causing such applications not to operate as designed. DSI shall have no liability of any kind to Subscriber or any user of such applications with respect to such API Modifications or any adverse effects resulting from such API Modifications.
(h) Controlled API Usage. DSI may limit or suspend Subscriber’s usage of or access to the API if, in DSI’s sole discretion, Subscriber or Subscriber’s use of the API are adversely affecting the performance or operation of the API or the Service. DSI shall use reasonable efforts to provide notice to Subscriber of any such actions as soon as reasonably practical.
(i) Links to Third Party Websites. To the extent that the Service links to any Third Party website, application or service, the terms and conditions thereof shall govern Subscriber’s rights with respect to such website, application or service, unless otherwise expressly provided DSI. DSI shall have no obligations or liability arising from Subscriber’s access and use of such linked Third Party websites, applications and services.
(j) Beta Services. From time to time, DSI may make Beta Services available to Subscribers at no charge. Subscriber may choose to try such Beta Services or not in its sole discretion. Use of the Beta Services is at Subscriber’s sole risk and may contain bugs or errors. Subscriber may discontinue use of the Beta Services at any time, in its sole discretion. Further, DSI may discontinue any and all Beta Services availability at any time in its sole discretion without notice. NOTWITHSTANDING THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES IN SECTION 7.2(B) AND INDEMNIFICATION IN SECTION 7.3, BETA SERVICES AND DOCUMENTATION, ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. PROVIDER EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. DSI SHALL HAVE NO INDEMNIFICATIN OBLIGATIONS AND NO LIABILITY OF ANY TYPE WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES UNLESS SUCH EXCLUSION IS UNENFORCEABLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW IN WHICH CASE DSI’S LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES PROVIDED SHALL NOT EXCEED $500.00.
2.2 Proprietary Rights.
(a) Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that (as between Subscriber and DSI) DSI retains all ownership right, title, and interest in and to the Service, the API, the Documentation and the Content, including without limitation all corrections, enhancements, improvements to, or derivative works thereof (collectively, “Derivative Works”), and in all Intellectual Property Rights therein or thereto. To the extent any Derivative Work is developed by DSI based upon ideas or suggestions submitted by Subscriber to DSI, Subscriber hereby irrevocably assigns all rights to modify or enhance the Service and/or the API using such ideas or suggestions or joint contributions to DSI, together with all Intellectual Property Rights related to such Derivative Works. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to convey to Subscriber (or to any party claiming through Subscriber) any Intellectual Property Rights in or to the Service, the API, the Documentation and the Content, other than the rights expressly set forth in this Agreement.
(b) DSI acknowledges and agrees that (as between Subscriber and DSI) Subscriber retains all ownership right, title, and interest in and to the Subscriber Data, including all Intellectual Property Rights therein or thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subscriber hereby grants DSI and its Affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to: (i) access, display, copy, distribute, transmit, publish, disclose and otherwise use all or any portion of the Subscriber Data to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. In addition, Subscriber hereby grants DSI a non-exclusive, royalty-free right to use aggregated and de-identified data generated and/or derived by DSI from the Subscriber Data (the “De-Identified Data”) in order to improve the Services and DSI’s performance hereunder to grow DSI’s business, including without limitation, submitting and sublicensing such De-Identified Data to Third Parties for analytical purposes, provided that DSI shall take commercially reasonable efforts to conduct such de-identification in a manner that ensures that such De-Identification cannot be traced back to Subscriber.
(c) Subscriber acknowledges the Services may utilize, embed or incorporate Third Party software and/or tools (each, a “Third-Party Tool”) under a license granted to DSI by one or more applicable Third Parties (each, a “Third-Party Licensor”), which licenses DSI the right to sublicense the use of the Third-Party Tool solely as part of the Services. Each such sublicense is nonexclusive and solely for Subscriber’s internal use and Subscriber shall not further resell, re-license, or grant any other rights to use such sublicense to any Third Party. Subscriber further acknowledges that each Third-Party Licensor retains all right, title, and interest to its applicable Third-Party Tool and all documentation related to such Third-Party Tool. All confidential or proprietary information of each Third-Party Licensor is Confidential Information of DSI under the terms of this Agreement and shall be protected in accordance with the terms of Section 8.
Section 3.0 DSI Responsibilities
3.1 Implementation, Training and Support Program (ITSP). During the Term DSI (or its agent, representative or designee) shall provide and maintain an ITSP program. During the Term, DSI shall, as part of Subscriber’s Subscription Fees, provide telephone and email support (“Support Services”) during the hours of 8:00 AM and 6:00 PM EST, Monday through Friday, excluding New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, day after Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day (“Business Hours”), except Community Development Services, where Business Hours means 5:00 AM – 5:00 PM PST.
3.2 Professional Services. DSI shall provide and perform professional, technical, consulting and/or other services (collectively, “Professional Services”) that are mutually agreed upon and described in one or more statements of work that expressly reference this Agreement. Each statement of work shall be effective, incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement when duly executed by an authorized representative of each of the parties. Each statement of work shall (i) describe the fees and payment terms with respect the Professional Services being provided pursuant to such statement of work, (ii) identify any work product that will be developed pursuant to such statement of work, and (iii) set forth each party’s respective ownership and proprietary rights with respect to any work product developed pursuant to such statement of work.
3.3 Service Levels.
(a) DSI shall use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Service available 99.9% for each full calendar month during the Term, determined on a twenty-four(24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week basis (the “Service Standard”). Service availability for access and use by Subscriber(s) excludes unavailability when due to: (a) any access to or use of the Service by Subscriber or any Account User that does not strictly comply with the terms of the Agreement or the Documentation; (b) any failure of performance caused in whole or in part by Subscriber’s delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under the Agreement; (c) Subscriber’s or its Account User’s Internet connectivity; (d) any Force Majeure Event; (e) any failure, interruption, outage, or other problem with Internet service or Non-DSI Service; (f) Scheduled Downtime; or (g) any disabling, suspension, or termination of the Service by DSI pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. “Scheduled Downtime” means, with respect to any applicable Service, the total amount of time (measured in minutes) during an applicable calendar month when such Service is unavailable for the majority of Subscribers’ Account Users due to planned Service maintenance. To the extent reasonably practicable, DSI shall give at least eight (8) hours prior electronic notice of Service maintenance events and schedule outside the business hours of 6:00 AM - 10:00 PM EST.
(b) DSI shall use reasonable efforts to ensure the availability of the API in accordance with the service levels described in Section 3.3(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, DSI does not guarantee any required uptime, performance, or integrity of any product, application or service that integrates with and/or otherwise utilizes the API (including, without limitation, any such product, application or service developed by Subscriber). Moreover, DSI shall not be liable to Subscriber or any Third Party for the unavailability of the API or the failure of the API to perform in accordance with its specifications. Subscriber shall not represent to any Third Party any availability or performance levels with respect to the API.
3.4 Protection of Subscriber Data. DSI shall maintain commercially reasonable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, unauthorized access or disclosure of Subscriber Data. In addition, if Subscriber is a “Covered Entity” under HIPAA, DSI shall be Subscriber’s “Business Associate” under HIPAA, and any Subscriber Data provided by Subscriber to DSI in their capacities as a Covered Entity and Business Associate, respectively, DSI and Subscriber shall enter into a Business Associate Agreement (the form of which shall be reasonably satisfactory to DSI). At all times during the Subscription term and upon written request of Subscriber within thirty (30) days after the effective date of termination or expiration of this Agreement, Subscriber data shall be available for Subscriber’s export and download. Following the thirty (30) days after termination or expiration, DSI shall not be obligated to maintain Subscriber Data and shall delete or destroy what remains in its possession or control unless prohibited by law.
Section 4.0 Third Party Interactions
4.1 Relationship to Third Parties. In connection with Subscriber’s use of the Service, Subscriber may: (i) enter into correspondence with and/or participate in promotions of advertisers or sponsors showing their goods and/or services through the Service; (ii) purchase goods and/or services, including implementation, customization, content, forms, schedules, integration and other services; (iii) exchange data, integrate, or interact between Subscriber’s Account, the Service, the API and a Third Party provider; (iv) be offered additional functionality within the user interface of the Service through use of the API; and/or (v) be provided content, knowledge, subject matter expertise in the creation of forms, content and schedules. Any such activity, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such activity, shall be solely between Subscriber and the applicable Third Party. DSI shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such correspondence, purchase, promotion, data exchange, integration or interaction between Subscriber and any such Third Party.
4.2 Ownership. Subscriber is the owner of all Third Party content and data loaded into the Subscriber Account. As the owner, it is Subscriber’s responsibility to make sure it meets its particular needs. DSI shall not comment, edit or advise Subscriber with respect to such Third Party content and data in any manner.
4.3 No Warranty or Endorsement. DSI does not warrant any Third Party providers or any of their products or services, whether or not such products or services are designated by DSI as “certified,” “validated,” “premier” and/or any other designation. DSI does not endorse any sites on the Internet that are linked through the Service. DSI is providing these links to Subscriber only as a matter of convenience, and in no event shall DSI be responsible for any content, products, or other materials on or available from such sites. The limitations of liability shall apply to all Third Party Interactions.
Section 5.0 Annual Fees
5.1 Annual Fees. Subscriber shall, on or before the commencement of the Initial Term of a Service subscription, pay to DSI the Annual Fee for such Service subscription. Thereafter, DSI shall invoice Subscriber for each applicable Annual Fee at least sixty (60) days prior to the commencement of the applicable Renewal Term. Unless Subscriber provides written notice of non-renewal in accordance with Section 6.1, Subscriber agrees to pay all Annual Fees no later than thirty (30) days after the receipt of DSI’s applicable invoice. Subscriber is responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to DSI and notifying DSI of any changes to such information.
5.2 Automatic Payments. Subscriber shall, upon the written request from DSI, establish and maintain valid and updated credit card information or a valid ACH auto debit account (in each case, the “Automatic Payment Method”). Upon establishment of such Automatic Payment Method, DSI (as DSI’s collection agent) is hereby authorized to charge any applicable Annual Fee using such Automatic Payment Method.
5.3 Renewal Charges. DSI maintains the right to increase Annual Fees and other applicable fees and charges in connection with each Renewal Term.
5.4 Taxes. DSI’s fees do not include any taxes, levies, duties or similar governmental assessments of any nature, including, for example, value-added, sales, use or withholding taxes, assessable by any jurisdiction whatsoever (collectively, “Taxes”). Subscriber is responsible for paying all Taxes associated with its purchases hereunder. If DSI has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which Subscriber is responsible under this Section 5.4, DSI (as DSI’s collection agent) shall invoice Subscriber and Subscriber shall pay that amount unless Subscriber provides DSI with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. Subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold DSI harmless from any encumbrance, fine, penalty or other expense which DSI may incur as a result of Subscriber’s failure to pay any Taxes required hereunder. For clarity, DSI is solely responsible for taxes assessable against DSI based on its income, property and employees.
Section 6.0 Term and Termination
6.1 Term. This Agreement commences on the date Subscriber establishes its Account and continues until the Service subscription hereunder has expired or have been terminated (the “Term”). The initial term of the Service subscription shall be set forth on the Order Form (the “Initial Term”). Thereafter, the Service subscription shall automatically renew for successive one year periods (each, a “Renewal Term”) unless either party has provided written notice of its intent to not renew the Service subscription not less than thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the then-current Initial or Renewal Term applicable to the Service subscription.
6.2 Termination of Agreement for Breach. Either party may terminate this Agreement (including its Service subscription and Account) prior to the expiration of the Term if the other party commits a material breach of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after written notice of such breach is given by the non-breaching party; provided that if the breach involves a failure of Subscriber to pay any of the fees required under this Agreement, the cure period shall be reduced to ten (10) days. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event of a breach that gives rise to the right by DSI to terminate this Agreement, DSI may elect, as an interim measure, to suspend Subscriber’s access and use of the Service, the API (if applicable) and the Account until the breach is cured. DSI’s exercise of its suspension right shall be without prejudice to DSI’s right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Subscriber.
6.3 Termination for Convenience. Subscriber may terminate this Agreement (including its Service subscription and Account) at any time for convenience by providing DSI forty-five (45) days’ prior written notice to the following email address: notice@dudesolutions.com. Upon termination by Subscriber pursuant to this Section 7.3, Subscriber may request in writing and be granted a refund in accordance with the following: (i) if DSI receives Subscriber’s written notice of termination within the first sixty (60) days after the commencement of the Initial Term, DSI shall refund to Subscriber eighty percent (80%) of the Annual Fee prepaid for the Initial Term (the “Initial Year Subscription Fee”); (ii) if DSI receives Subscriber’s written notice of termination during the Initial Term but after the first sixty (60) days thereof, DSI shall refund to Subscriber any prepaid Subscription Fees of the Initial Year Subscription determined based upon the number of full months remaining in the Initial Term (based upon the effective date of termination). For avoidance of doubt, no refund shall be granted during a Renewal Term or with respect to Professional Services rendered.
6.4 Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement, (i) Subscriber’s access and use of the Service shall automatically cease, and (ii) DSI shall have no obligation to maintain the Subscriber Data or to forward the Subscriber Data to Subscriber or any Third Party.
6.5 Survival. The following portions of this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement and continue in full force and effect: Sections 2.1(e), 2.2, 6.4, 7, 8 and 9. Termination of this Agreement, or any of the obligations hereunder, by either party shall be in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies available to such party, except to the extent that remedies are otherwise limited hereunder.
Section 7.0 Representations, Warranties and Disclaimers
7.1 Representations. Subscriber represents and warrants that: (i) it has full right, title and authority to enter into this Agreement; and (ii) this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Subscriber, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
7.2 Warranties.
(a) DSI represents and warrants that all such Professional Services shall be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner in accordance with generally accepted industry standards. For any breach of this warranty, Subscriber’s exclusive remedy and DSI’s entire liability shall be the re-performance of the applicable Professional Services.
(b) EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN, THE PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTY AS TO THE RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT. PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT: (I) THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR API SHALL BE SECURE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR DATA; (II) THE SERVICES OR API SHALL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS; (III) ANY STORED DATA SHALL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES SHALL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS; (V) ERRORS OR DEFECTS SHALL BE CORRECTED; (VI) THE SERVICES OR THE SERVER(S) THAT MAKE THE SERVICES AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE SERVICES AND ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED TO YOU STRICTLY ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS. ALL CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW BY THE PARTIES.
7.3 Indemnification.
(a) Indemnity by DSI. DSI shall defend and indemnify Subscriber from any loss, damage or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction, or paid in accordance with a settlement agreement signed by Subscriber, in connection with any Third Party claim (each, a “Claim”) alleging that Subscriber’s use of the Service as expressly permitted hereunder infringes upon any United States patent, copyright or trademark of such Third Party, or misappropriates the trade secret of such Third Party; provided that Subscriber (x) promptly gives DSI written notice of the Claim; (y) gives DSI sole control of the defense and settlement of the Claim; and (z) provides to DSI all reasonable assistance, at DSI’s expense. If DSI receives information about an infringement or misappropriation claim related to the Service, DSI may in its sole discretion and at no cost to Subscriber: (i) modify the Service so that it no longer infringes or misappropriates, (ii) obtain a license for Subscriber’s continued use of the Service, or (iii) terminate this Agreement (including Subscriber’s Service subscriptions and Account) upon prior written notice and refund to Subscriber any prepaid Annual Fee covering the remainder of the term of the terminated Service subscriptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, DSI shall have no liability or obligation with respect to any Claim that is based upon or arises out of (A) use of the Service in combination with any software or hardware not expressly authorized by DSI, (B) any modifications or configurations made to the Service by Subscriber without the prior written consent of DSI, and/or (C) any action taken by Subscriber relating to use of the Service that is not permitted under the terms of this Agreement. This Section 7.3(a) states Subscriber’s exclusive remedy against DSI for any Claim of infringement of misappropriation of a Third Party’s Intellectual Property Rights related to or arising from Subscriber’s use of the Service.
(b) Subscriber shall defend and indemnify DSI from any loss, damage or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction, or paid in accordance with a settlement agreement signed by DSI, in connection with any Claim alleging that the Subscriber Data, or Subscriber’s use of the Service or the API in breach of this Agreement, infringes upon any United States patent, copyright or trademark of such Third Party, or misappropriates the trade secret of such Third Party; provided that DSI (x) promptly gives Subscriber written notice of the Claim; (y) gives Subscriber sole control of the defense and settlement of the Claim; and (z) provides to Subscriber all reasonable assistance, at Subscriber’s expense. This Section 7.3(b) states DSI’s exclusive remedy against Subscriber for any Claim of infringement of misappropriation of a Third Party’s Intellectual Property Rights related to or arising from the Subscriber Data or Subscriber’s use of the Service.
7.4 Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL DSI, IN THE AGGREGATE, BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES TO SUBSCRIBER IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT OF ANNUAL FEES PAID BY SUBSCRIBER TO PROVIDER (INCLUDING PAYMENTS TO DSI, AS PROVIDER’S COLLECTION AGENT, FOR USE OF THE SERVICE) PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE FIRST ACT OR OMISSION GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL PROVIDER HAVE ANY LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, OR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF PROVIDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING, AND WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR PRODUCTS LIABILITY. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION SHALL LIMIT SUBSCRIBER’S PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 5.0.
Section 8.0 Confidentiality
8.1 Protection of Confidential Information. The Receiving Party agrees that it shall (i) hold the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information in strict confidence and shall use the same degree of care in protecting the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information that it uses to protect its own Confidential Information, but in no event less than reasonable care, (ii) not use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose not permitted by this Agreement; (iii) not copy any part of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information except as expressly permitted by this Agreement, (iv) limit access to the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to those of its employees, contractors and agents who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality agreements with the Receiving Party containing protections no less stringent than those herein.
8.2 Compelled Disclosure. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if it is compelled by law to do so, provided the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of such compelled disclosure (to the extent legally permitted) and reasonable assistance, at the Disclosing Party's cost, if the Disclosing Party wishes to contest the disclosure. If the Receiving Party is compelled by law to disclose the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as part of a civil proceeding to which the Disclosing Party is a party, and the Disclosing Party is not contesting the disclosure, the Disclosing Party shall reimburse the Receiving Party for its reasonable cost of compiling and providing secure access to such Confidential Information.
8.3 Records Requests. To the extent permitted by law, Subscriber shall treat as exempt from treatment as a public record, and shall not disclose in response to a request made pursuant to any applicable public records law, any of DSI’s Confidential Information. Upon receiving a request to produce records under any applicable public records or similar law, Subscriber shall immediately notify DSI and provide such reasonable cooperation as requested by DSI and permitted by law to oppose production or release of such DSI Confidential Information.
8.4 Remedies. Recipient acknowledges that Disclosing Party would have no adequate remedy at law should Receiving Party breach its obligations relating to Confidential Information and agrees that Disclosing Party shall be entitled to enforce its rights by obtaining appropriate equitable relief, including without limitation a temporary restraining order and an injunction.
Section 9.0 Miscellaneous
9.1 Compliance with Laws. Subscriber will comply with all laws and applicable government rules and regulations insofar as they apply to Subscriber in its performance of this Agreement’s rights and obligations.
9.2 Acceptance of Privacy Policy. All data and information provided by Subscriber through its use of the Service is subject to DSI’s privacy policy, as amended from time-to-time, which can be viewed by clicking the “Privacy” hypertext link located within the Service. By using the Service, Subscriber accepts and agrees to be bound and abide by such privacy policy.
9.3 Governing Law. This Agreement and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of North Carolina, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws. Each of DSI and Subscriber hereby waives any right to jury trial in connection with any action or litigation in any way arising out of or related to this Agreement.
9.4 Relationship of the Parties. DSI is performing pursuant to this Agreement only as an independent contractor. DSI has the sole obligation to supervise, manage, contract, direct, procure, perform or cause to be performed its obligations set forth in this Agreement, except as otherwise agreed upon by the parties. Nothing set forth in this Agreement shall be construed to create the relationship of principal and agent between DSI and Subscriber. DSI shall not act or attempt to act or represent itself, directly or by implication, as an agent of Subscriber or its affiliates or in any manner assume or create, or attempt to assume or create, any obligation on behalf of, or in the name of, Subscriber or its affiliates.
9.5 Waiver. No failure or delay by either party in enforcing any of its rights under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of the right to subsequently enforce any of its rights, whether relating to the same or a subsequent matter.
9.6 Assignment. Subscriber shall have no right to transfer, assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement to any Third Party and any attempt to do so shall be null and void. DSI shall have the full ability to transfer, assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of its rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement.
9.7 Force Majeure. Subject to the limitations set forth below, neither party shall be held responsible for any delay or default, including any damages arising therefrom, due to any act of God, act of governmental entity or military authority, explosion, epidemic casualty, flood, riot or civil disturbance, war, sabotage, unavailability of or interruption or delay in telecommunications or Third Party services, failure of Third Party software, insurrections, any general slowdown or inoperability of the Internet (whether from a virus or other cause), or any other similar event that is beyond the reasonable control of such party (each, a “Force Majeure Event”). The occurrence of a Force Majeure Event shall not excuse the performance by a party unless that party promptly notifies the other party of the Force Majeure Event and promptly uses its best efforts to provide substitute performance or otherwise mitigate the force majeure condition.
9.8 Notices. Except as otherwise specified in Section 7.3 of this Agreement, all notices, instructions, requests, authorizations, consents, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by one of the following means, with notice deemed given as indicated in parentheses: (a) by personal delivery (when actually delivered); (b) by overnight courier (upon written verification of receipt); (c) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested (upon verification of receipt); or (d) solely with respect to notices to Subscriber, via electronic mail to the e-mail address maintained on Subscriber’s Account. All notices to DSI shall be addressed tonotice@dudesolutions.com or Dude Solutions, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 11000 Regency Parkway, Suite 110, Cary NC 27518
9.9 Interpretation of Agreement. The Section headings contained in this Agreement are solely for the purpose of reference, are not part of the agreement of the parties, and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Any reference to any federal, state, local or foreign statute or law shall be deemed to refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the context requires otherwise.
9.10 No Third Party Beneficiaries. No person or entity not a party to the Agreement shall be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement or any provision hereof.
9.11 Severability. The invalidity of any portion of this Agreement shall not invalidate any other portion of this Agreement and, except for such invalid portion, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
9.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the entire agreement between Subscriber and DSI regarding Subscriber’s use of the Service and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter. No modification, amendment, or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the modification, amendment or waiver is to be asserted. The parties agree that any term or condition stated in any purchase order or in any other order documentation is void.
9.13 Export Compliance. The Services, other technology DSI may make available, and derivatives thereof may be subject to export laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Each party represents that it is not named on any U.S. government denied-party list. Subscriber shall not permit any Account User to access or use any Service or Content in a U.S.-embargoed country or in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation.
9.14 Anti-Corruption. Neither party has received or been offered any illegal or improper bribe, kickback, payment, gift, or thing of value from an employee or agent of the other party in connect with this Agreement. Reasonable gifts and entertainment provided in the ordinary course of business do not violate the above restriction. If Subscriber learns of any violation of the above restriction, Subscriber shall immediately notify DSI.
9.15 Cooperative Use. With Subscriber’s approval, the market research conducted by Subscriber during its selection process for the Services may be extended for use by other jurisdictions, municipalities, and government agencies of Subscriber’s state. Any such usage by other entities must be in accordance with ordinance, charter, and/or procurement rules and regulations of the respective political entity.
9.16 Modifications. DSI may revise the terms of this Agreement from time-to-time and shall post the most current version of this Agreement on its website. If a revision meaningfully reduces Subscriber’s rights, DSI shall notify Subscriber.
Solution Suites Education SuiteGovernment SuiteHealthcare SuiteSenior Living SuiteManufacturing SuiteClubs & Associations SuiteOther Industries Suite
Dude Platform Data IntelligenceTechnology & Security
Products Asset EssentialsCapital PredictorEnergy ManagerEvent ManagerTechnology EssentialsSmartGovHealthcare MaintenanceHealthcare ComplianceBioMedSenior Living MaintenanceSenior Living ComplianceHousekeepingQuality Inspections
Expertise EducationGovernmentHealthcareSenior LivingManufacturingClubs & AssociationsOther Industries
Service Client ServiceImplementationProfessional Services
Resources LibrarySuccess StoriesWebinarsPodcastBlogDude University
Company AboutCultureLeadershipPartnership RequestNewsCareers
Start owning your operations.
Schedule Demo
11000 Regency Parkway
Suite 400
Cary, NC 27518
Sales: 866.455.3833
Support: 877.655.3833
Contact
Help Site
Login
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© Dude Solutions Inc.