http://www.ppa.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Welcome to our website; www.ppa.co.uk (the “Website”). The Website is provided by the Professional Publishers Association Ltd ("PPA"). PPA is registered in England and Wales under company number 132310 and our registered office is at The White Collar Factory, 1 Old Street Yard, London, EC1Y 8AF. Our VAT number is 341 1391 90. “you” and “your” means you as the user of our Website.
We have set out the terms under which we are providing you with access to our Website. These include the terms and conditions that govern:
your use of the Website;
your rights to link to the Website;
our use of cookies on the Website (see our separate “Cookies Policy ”); and
how we will use and protect information about you (see our separate “Privacy Policy ”).
Collectively these documents are termed as the “Terms and Conditions”.
Use of this Website
By accessing the Website, you agree to these Terms and Conditions.
You should read all the Terms and Conditions prior to using the Website. You should also save and/or print out a copy of these Terms and Conditions for future reference.
We may change our Terms and Conditions from time to time. The revised Terms and Conditions will be available via the Website. You will be deemed to have accepted any changes to the Terms and Conditions after you have been notified of the changes on our Website home page and you continue to access or use the Website.
You are not permitted to use, or cause others to use, any automated system or software to extract content or data from our Website for commercial purposes.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you should not use the Website.
Accessing Our Website
Access to our Website is permitted on a temporary basis. We update our Website regularly and so may change the content at any time without notice to you. We reserve the right to withdraw, vary or suspend the service at any time without notice.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary to access this Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons accessing our Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and Conditions.
Please note that use of our Website is subject to your computer and/or portable device complying with our minimum standard technical specification and compatibility notice. You are advised to check this specification to ensure that your computer and/or portable device is compatible with our products and services and we shall not be liable for any failure arising in the Website which arises from incompatibility (including, without limitation, minimum storage and memory requirements from time to time).
Reliance on Information Posted
Materials posted on our Website are not intended as advice and should not be relied upon as such. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information to the fullest extent permissible by local law.
Intellectual Property
You may access, view and print out one copy of this Website and all information, images, and other content displayed on the Website ("Materials") strictly in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
You may only view, print out, use, quote from and cite the Website and the Materials for your own personal, non-commercial use and on the condition that you give appropriate acknowledgement where appropriate to PPA. All intellectual property rights in and to the Website and the Materials are either owned by or licensed to us and your use of the Website and Materials is subject to the following restrictions.
You must not:
• remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Materials;
• use any Materials from the Website in any manner that may infringe any copyright, intellectual property right or proprietary right of us or any third parties; or
• reproduce, modify, display, perform, publish, distribute, disseminate, broadcast, frame, communicate to the public or circulate to any third party or exploit this Website and/or the Materials for any commercial purpose, without our prior written consent.
Trade Marks
We expressly reserve all rights in and to the www.ppa.co.uk domain name and all related domains and sub-domains, the name "Professional Publishers Association", "PPA", "MAGNIFY", "MagFest", "PPA Marketing" our logo, service marks, trading names and/or trade marks. Other trade marks, products and company names mentioned on the Website may be trademarks of their respective owners or licensors and the rights in such marks are reserved to their respective owners or licensors.
Linking to Our Website
You may link to any page of the Website, for non-commercial purposes provided that you do so in a way that is fair and legal and which does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. For the avoidance of doubt, the linking site must not contain any adult or illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable.
You must not link to our Website in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not remove or obscure by framing or otherwise, advertisements, any copyright notice, or other information published on the Website. Our Website must not be framed on any other site.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission at any time and without notice.
Privacy, Your Personal Data and Cookies
The privacy of your personal data is important to us. We collect information from you at various places on the Website, for example when you submit a Contact Us form. Please see our Privacy Policyfor details of how we will process your personal data.
For details about how we use cookies, please see our Cookies Policy .
Third Party Sites
Our Website and/or the Materials may contain links to third party websites for example LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies including in relation to privacy. Please read those rules and policies before proceeding.
If you decide to visit any third party site, you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites. Links do not imply that we are, or our Website is, affiliated to or associated with such sites.
The inclusion of any link in our communications with you does not imply endorsement by us of the linked site. If you decide to access linked third party websites, you do so at your own risk.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another website, these Terms and Conditions including our Privacy and Cookies Policy are no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which are linked to ours is subject to that website’s own rules and policies.
Information on the Website
If you find any content on the Website to be in any way offensive, obscene, defamatory, racist, harmful, inaccurate, unlawful, illegal or deceptive in any way, please notify us by emailing us at info@ppa.co.uk using the subject heading “Objectionable Content”.
On receipt of your complaint we may remove or block access to the content complained of.
Our Liability
To the fullest extent permissible by law, we exclude and disclaim all warranties, terms, conditions and representations that might otherwise be implied by law in relation to this Website. In particular we do not represent or warrant that the Website will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. You must take your own precautions in this respect.
We do not accept liability for any failure to maintain the Website.
We shall not be liable, under these Terms and Conditions for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
The Materials may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors. We do not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Materials.
We shall not be liable for any loss caused as a result of your actions or inactions based on the Materials available on this Website. However, nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect your statutory rights, and nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude our liability for:
• death or personal injury arising through negligence;
• fraudulent misrepresentation; and/or
• anything else that cannot be excluded or limited by us under English law.
Legal Compliance and Applicable Law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and any matter or dispute arising in connection with them shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
You are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws relating to the use of or otherwise connected with the Website. To the extent that the Website or any activity contemplated by it would infringe any law of a jurisdiction other than England, then you are prohibited from accessing or using the Website or attempting to carry on any such offending activity and this provision shall override all other provisions of these Terms.
Contact Us
If you have any concerns or queries about material which appears on our Website or if you have questions about your use of this Website or these Terms and Conditions please email us info@ppa.co.uk.
If you have any suggestions for improvements or additions that you would like to see on the Website please email us info@ppa.co.uk. Our postal address for correspondence is The White Collar Factory, 1 Old Street Yard, London, EC1Y 8AF, United Kingdom.
Social
For all the latest news and information from the PPA and across the industry.
Facebook
Twitter
Vimeo
Professional Publishers Association
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms & Conditions
© 2020
White Collar Factory,
1 Old Street Yard,
London,
EC1Y 8AF
Directions
Newsletter Signup
Tel +44 20 7404 4166
Fax +44 20 7404 4167
info@ppa.co.uk
Powered by