https://www.pridemobility.com/privacy-policy/
800-522-7391
INTERNATIONAL
For Providers
PrideMobility365.com
PrideProvider.com
Order Forms
QuantumRehab.com
CONTACT US
Buy Online/Find a Dealer
Privacy Policy
Pride Mobility Products Corporation/Quantum Rehab (Pride) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. To conduct global business in an increasingly electronic environment, the collection of personal information is often necessary and required. Because your privacy is important to us, we have established this privacy policy to explain how we may collect, use, share, disclose, transfer and securely store the personal information you provide.
This policy, together with our Terms of Use (COM/0112-1), sets forth the basis on which personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, and how it will be handled. Please read the following carefully as it applies to all products, services, websites, apps, social media channels, electronic correspondence, software and devices owned, operated or offered by Pride.
This policy covers Pride’s privacy practices with respect to personally identifiable information that is transmitted electronically and/or collected via the web, telephone, mail, fax, or other source.
For purposes of federal and state laws of the United States, the data manager is Pride Mobility Products Corporation, located at 182 Susquehanna Avenue, Exeter, PA 18643.
What Information Do We Collect?
Pride may collect information from you to operate and improve our products and services, promote an enhanced customer experience, provide you with information and to keep you safe.
We collect information from you when you register on our website, search for a product, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, participate in social media outlets, register for an education, training and/or development activity, submit an application, request information, register a product, report a problem or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering we may request your name, title, company name, home and/or company e-mail address, mailing/shipping address, phone and fax number. We may also collect prescriber, end user, insurance, credit card, or other information as needed to provide the products and services requested.
If you complete a credit application we will collect additional information such as social security number, date of birth, reference information, lender information or other information used to determine whether we will provide you with a line of credit.
If you are a consumer or veteran, we may collect protected health information (PHI) that relates to a) your past, present or future physical or mental health or condition, b) the provision of healthcare products and services provided to you, or c) your past, present or future payment for the provision of products and services provided to you. Any PHI collected is not combined with any other data or used for other purposes without your explicit consent.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use cookies?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
Domain, Log-on and Location Information
Pride collects domain information as part of its analysis regarding the use of our websites. This information enables us to become more familiar with customers who visit our websites, how often they visit, and what parts of the website they visit most often. We also gather information on Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and version, Internet service provider (ISP), operating system and platform, referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our website (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), date/time stamp including time zone setting, and clickstream data including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL). Pride uses this information to improve its web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
Pride cannot determine your personal identity or information unless you are a registered user of our website(s). In general, you can visit our websites and use certain limited features, such as browse, without being a registered user or divulging any personal information. However, there are areas of the websites that require this information to complete customization functions. These areas will not be available to those choosing not to provide the information requested.
We may also collect, use, and share location data. Where available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspots and cell tower locations, and other technologies.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, register for an education, training and/or development activity, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your requests.
To provide support for your use of a Pride or Quantum product.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To register you for an education, training and/or development activity.
If you have opted-in to receive newsletters or other communications from Pride, we may send you periodic e-mails on products, services, promotions, education opportunities or other information. We will use the contact information we have for you to send these communications. Out of respect for your privacy, you may opt-out of receiving these types of communications at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication.
Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice as to whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
For individuals who share their personal information (i.e., testimonials, etc.) and/or images we may use this to demonstrate the features, benefits and/or innovations of our products.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Pride takes all appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information. We use industry standard technologies, such as firewalls, encryption techniques, and authentication procedures, among others, designed to protect the privacy and security of your data, and to protect Pride accounts and systems from unauthorized access. Standards of practice include an internal review of information collected, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where personal information is stored.
Personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have exclusive access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and/or criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
When you place an order, or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We do our best to protect the personal information provided to us. Pride does not represent, warrant, or guarantee that your personal information will be completely protected against unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alterations.
Do We Use "Cookies" and Other Tracking Technologies?
Yes. As you navigate through and interact with our websites, software and other services, we may use automatic data collection technologies to obtain certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. The products may use cookies, pixel tags or web beacons.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and interaction so that we can offer better experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies through your browser. Each browser is different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services may not function properly.
Web beacons or clear gifs are small graphics or images with a unique identifier embedded in a web page or e-mail for the purposes of measuring and analyzing services, usage and activity. We do not tie the information gathered by web beacons to our customer’s personal information.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we Disclose the Information We Collect to Outside Parties?
Pride complies with all federal and state laws including, but not limited to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health (HITECH) Act. Pride will not disclose personal information, except as required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to a) conform to the statutes of the law or comply with legal process served on Pride, b) protect and defend rights or property of Pride, or c) act under difficult circumstances to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties unless we provide you with notice, except as described above. The term "outside parties" does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, processing your payment, or servicing you. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to Pride.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How Can You Opt-out, Remove or Modify Information You Have Provided to Us?
To modify or delete any of your online account(s) with Pride, log on to the respective website and access your information in the "My Account" section. Please note that we may maintain information about a sales transaction or education event to service that transaction and for record- keeping purposes.
Third Party Links
To provide you with increased value, our websites may include third-party links to other websites that are not controlled by us. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Social Media and Widgets
Our websites may include social media features. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with these social media features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Terms and Conditions
By visiting any Pride website, software or other services linking to this privacy policy, you are accepting the practices described in the policy, agree that any disputes over a privacy related matter is subject to this privacy policy and have read and understand Pride’s Terms of Use document (COM/0112-1).
Changes to Our Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make changes we will post those changes on this page. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last updated on November 1, 2017.
Contact Us
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. If you believe that there has been a violation of this policy that has caused or could cause, harm or risk of identity theft, please contact us via mail (Pride Mobility Products Corporation – Attention Compliance, 182 Susquehanna Avenue, Exeter, PA 18643), by e-mail (compliance@pridemobility.com), or by telephone (800-800-8586).
Children’s Privacy
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States and similar laws around the world where applicable to Pride and Quantum products. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children without parental consent. If you believe that we may have collected personal information from someone under the age of thirteen (13), or under the applicable age of consent in your country, without parental consent, please let us know using the methods described in the “Contact Us” section and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Pride information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the methods described in the “Contact Us” section.
California law requires that we disclose how Pride responds to web browser “Do Not Track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information (as that term is defined in California law) about a consumer’s online activities. Pride’s websites do not currently support “Do Not Track” codes nor do we currently respond to or take any action regarding “Do Not Track” requests.
Your Consent
By using any of our websites governed by this policy, you consent to our privacy policy.
REF: COM/0112
Rev. 0, Effective Date: 11/10/17
Approved by: Julie Piriano
COMPANY INFORMATION
About Us
Community Involvement
Careers
Pride ProviderLogin credential required
Questions? Comments? Please call 800-800-4258 Monday-Friday 8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. EST
For consumer support:
800-800-4258
For consumer sales:
800-522-7391
For providers & general inquiries:
United States 800-800-8586
Canada 888-570-1113
Pride Mobility International
Select Location:
Canada
Latin America
Australia
China
India
Japan
New Zealand
Middle East
C'ech Republika
Deutschland
España
France
Greece
Italy
Netherlands
Polska
Switzerland
United Kingdom
*Pride® FDA Class II Medical Devices are designed to aid individuals with mobility impairments
ELECTRIC WHEELCHAIRS
MOBILITY SCOOTERS
LIFT CHAIRS
TRAVEL SMART
CONTACT US
© 1995-2020 Pride Mobility Products Corp. All rights reserved.
Pride Mobility Products Corporation - Disclosure Statement Pursuant to Cal. Civ. Code 1714.43(a)
Pride Mobility Products Corporation - Accessibility Statement
Pride Mobility Products Corporation - Privacy Policy