http://www.mustangsurvival.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Shop
Flotation
Inflatable PFDs
Flotation Clothing
Foam PFDs
Kids' PFDs
Re-arm Kits
View all Flotation
Apparel
Dry Suits
Outerwear
Mid & Base Layers
Gloves
Hats & Tees
View all Apparel
Dry Bags
Accessories
Shop by Activity
Fishing
Sailing
Paddlesports
Boating
Clearance
Explore
Our Story
The Crew
Capn's Log
Materials & Technology
Resources
Careers
Gov & Commercial
Inflatable PFDs
Foam PFDs / Clothing
Immersion & Dry Suits
Accessories
View all Gov & Commercial
Account
Find a Location
Canada
USA
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Mustang Survival ULC (“Mustang Survival”, “we”, “us” or “our”) believes in maintaining the privacy of personal information we collect from individuals (“you” or “your”) who visit our website. We want you to understand how and why we collect, use and disclose your personal information. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) provides you with information concerning our practices and procedures as they relate specifically to the personal information we collect at www.mustangsurvival.com and www.mustangsurvival.ca (collectively, the “Website”).This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect on this Website or in emails and other electronic messages between you and this Website, and information gathered when you interact with our advertising on third-party websites if such advertisements include links to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Mustang Survival or any third party, or information collected by any third party through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
By visiting the Website or otherwise providing us with personal information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may revise our Privacy Policy from time to time, in which case we’ll post the revised Privacy Policy on this Website and update the “Last Updated” date below to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Website or providing Mustang Survival with your personal information after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified. If necessary, we will provide additional information regarding any changes to this Privacy Policy as may be required by law. Your access to the Website for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Policy does not constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Policy unless you make any further access or use of our Website. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party.
SUMMARY
This Privacy Policy notifies you of:
the type of personal information we collect through the Website;
how that information is used;
with whom the information may be shared and for what purposes;
what choices you have regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information;
the steps we take to protect personal information in our custody and control; and
how to request access to our correction of the personal information we maintain about you.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We define “personal information” as information about an identifiable individual. This might include your name, phone number, email address, mailing address, age and credit card number. It might also include information about your purchases or interactions with our Website, if that information is linked to you in an identifiable way.
In general, you may visit the Website without providing personal information. However, in order to use certain features of the Website, we may need to collect personal information. This may include:
When you register on the Website, we may collect your name and contact information.
When you make a purchase on the Website, we collect information that will allow us to complete your transaction, including to process your payment and deliver your product. This would include your shipping and billing information, credit card information or other preferred payment means, and history of purchases.
When you register a product with us, we may collect your name and contact information as well as information about the product you are registering.
Customer service information or general account information. If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us, you may choose not to enter the information and not to proceed on that screen or page.
When you subscribe to our email program we may collect your name and email address, as well as any preference information you may choose to provide.
When you participate in a sweepstakes or promotion, we may collect your name, address, telephone number, email address or other information provided as part of the entry form.
We may also use your personal information to provide you with important information about the products or services that you are using (including critical updates and notifications), to provide you with superior customer service, to support and enhance our relationship with you, for internal marketing and promotional purposes, for internal business purposes such as maintaining business records, solving technical problems, calculating overall usage statistics, marketing and analytics, and to improve or develop our products, services and Website.We may use your personal information to communicate offers on products and services that we believe will be of interest to you.
WHEN WE MAY DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with third parties if it is necessary in order to fulfill a transaction you have requested.We occasionally hire other companies (including affiliates acting in this capacity) to provide limited services on our behalf, such as website hosting, data hosting or processing, packaging, shipping, and sending information about our products, special offers, and other services. We may provide these service providers with, or these service providers may otherwise collect, the personal information that they need to deliver the service. Some of these service providers may be located outside of Canada, including in the United States. While outside of Canada, your personal information will be subject to applicable local laws, which may permit government or national security agencies to access your personal information in certain circumstances.If you give us permission, we may share information with our affiliates so they may send you information about their products and services.We may also disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with legal process served on us or the Website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Mustang Survival; (c) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud, or other malicious activity; or (d) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees or agents, users of our products or services, or members of the public. We will cooperate with law enforcement authorities.We reserve the right to share your personal information with third parties in connection with the proposed or actual sale, disposal, financing or similar transaction involving some or all of our business or assets. Such third parties may use your personal information for the purposes of evaluating or completing the transaction. Our successors and assigns may use and disclose your personal information for similar purposes as described in this privacy policy.
There are circumstances where Mustang Survival may decide to buy, sell, or reorganize its business in selected countries.  Under these circumstances, it may be necessary to share or receive personal information with prospective or actual partners or affiliates.  In such circumstances, Mustang Survival will ensure your information is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the telephone number or at the mailing address provided below. We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns promptly after we receive them.Mustang Survival - Canada7525 Lowland DriveBurnaby, BCV5J 5L1604.270.0489Attention: Legal Department
ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OPT OUT
You may request access to or correction of your personal information in our custody or control by making a written request using the contact information described above. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making corrections or providing access.You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at any time by contacting us as described above.If you no longer wish to receive information or marketing materials related to our products or services, please contact us as described above or use the unsubscribe link in the communication, where available.Please note that your rights to access and correct your personal information, and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of personal information, are subject to applicable legal restrictions and reasonable notice. For example, if you withdraw your consent to certain uses or disclosures of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide certain products or services.
DATA SECURITY
The file containing your personal information will be maintained on our servers or those of our third-party service providers. We restrict access to personal information to our employees, representatives and agents who require access in order to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our normal business operations. While no website can guarantee security, we use commercial reasonable efforts to maintain appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information collected via the Website.
COOKIES AND AUTOMATED INFORMATION COLLECTION TOOLS
Cookies: The Website may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect certain technical information about your visit. It can include information, such as the name of the Internet service provider and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you access the Internet; the type of operating system you are using, the date and time you accessed the site; the pages that you access while at the site, your manner of connecting to the Internet, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website, other information about your geographic location, and the domain name of your Internet service provider.We use this information to make the Website easier to use by eliminating the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information or by customizing the Website to your particular preference or interests. We may use customized links or similar technologies to track email links that you click.We may associate the information we collect using these technologies with your personal information in order to provide you more focused content when you visit the Website or when we communicate with you.For further information related to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies please review our Cookie Policy.
Google Analytics:  The Website may send aggregated non-personal information to Google Analytics for the purpose of providing us with the ability to conduct technical and statistical analysis on the Website’s performance.  For more information on how Google Analytics may support the Website and use information sent from the Website, please review Google’s privacy policy available at:  https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
Web Beacons: A Web Beacon is an electronic image.  Web Beacons can track certain things from your computer and can report activity back to a web server allowing us to understand some of your behavior.  If you choose to receive emails from us, we may use Web Beacons to track your reaction to our emails.  We may also use them to track if you click on the links and at what time and date you do so.  Some of the third-party marketers we engage with may use Web Beacons to track your interaction with online advertising banners on our Website.  This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your personal information.  Please note that any image file on a webpage can act as a Web Beacon.
Embedded Web Links:  Links provided in our emails and, in some cases, on third-party websites may include tracking technology embedded in the link.  The tracking is accomplished through a redirection system.  The redirection system allows us to understand how the link is being used by email recipients.  Some of these links will enable us to identify that you have personally clicked on the link and this may be attached to the personal information that we hold about you.  This data is used to improve our service to you and to help us understand the performance of our marketing campaigns.
Third-party Websites & Services:  We work with a number of service providers of marketing communications technology.  These service providers may use various data collection methods to improve the performance of the marketing campaigns we are contracting them to provide.  The information collected can be gathered on our Website and also on the websites where our marketing communications are appearing.  For example, we may collect data where our banner advertisements are displayed on third-party websites.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
We may provide links to other sites on the Internet for your convenience to locate related information and services. These sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube, have not necessarily been reviewed by us and are maintained by third parties over which we exercise no control. Accordingly, we expressly disclaim any responsibility for the privacy policies, information collection practices, content, accuracy of the information, and/or quality of products or services provided by or advertised on these third-party websites. Moreover, these links do not imply an endorsement with respect to any third party or any website or the products or services provided by any third party.
INFORMATION OF MINORS
We do not intentionally seek to gather information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18).  We do not target the Website to minors, and would not expect them to be engaging with our Website or services.  We encourage parents and guardians to provide adequate protection measures to prevent minors from providing information unwillingly on the Internet.  If we become aware of any personal information that we have collected about minors, we will take steps to securely remove it from our systems.
YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, we will not disclose or share your personal information with third parties for the purposes of third-party marketing to you without your prior consent. Other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, the Website does not track users over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising.  Therefore, the Website does not operate any differently when it receives Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals from your Internet web browser. If you are a California consumer, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, you may be afforded additional rights with respect to your “Personal Information” as that term is explicitly defined under California law.  Any Personal Information we collect is collected for the commercial purpose of effectively providing our services to you, as well as enabling you to learn more about, and benefit from, our services. You may exercise each of your rights as identified below, subject to our verification of your identity.
Access.  You may contact us here to request a copy of the Personal Information our Website databases currently contain.
Prohibit Data Sharing.  When applicable, you may prohibit the sharing of your Personal Information by submitting a request here. In your message, please explain how you wish us to prohibit the sharing of your Personal Information, and which categories of third parties you want to prohibit from receiving your Personal Information.  When such prohibitions are not possible to provide our services to you, we will advise you accordingly.  You can then choose to exercise any other rights under this Privacy Policy.
Portability.  Upon request and when possible, we can provide you with copies of your Personal Information.  You may submit a request here. When such a request cannot be honored, we will advise you accordingly.  You can then choose to exercise any other rights under this Privacy Policy.
Deletion.  If you should wish to cease use of our Website and have your Personal Information deleted from our Website, then you may submit a request here.
Upon receipt of such a request for deletion, we will confirm receipt and will confirm once your Personal Information has been deleted.  Where applicable, we will ensure such changes are shared with trusted third parties.
We do not sell your Personal Information. If we ever decide to sell Personal Information, we will update you via this Privacy Policy and include a link entitled “Do Not Sell My Personal Information,” to provide you with an opportunity to opt out of sales of your Personal Information.
If a California resident exercises his or her rights under California law, including the CCPA, we shall not discriminate against that California resident by denying our goods or services, charging different prices or rates to similarly situated consumers, providing a different level or quality of our goods or services, or taking any other adverse action.
PUBLIC FORUMS
In the event that Mustang Survival offers a message board or any other interactive or social-type feature on its Website, please be aware that anything that you post in these areas will be made available to the public and that the information you post can be collected and used by people you don’t know. We recommend that you not post or share any personal information in these areas. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
LAST UPDATED
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 20, 2020.
join the crew
Welcome to Mustang Survival
You are about to enter our Canadian website, which allows shipping and delivery to addresses in Canada only.
You can shop our US website at mustangsurvival.com
You are about to enter our US website, which allows shipping and delivery to addresses in the US.
You can shop our Canadian website at mustangsurvival.ca
Shop Canada
Shop US
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh