http://www.techlawjournal.com/home/privacypol.htm
Tech Law Journal Privacy Policy
January 1, 2003
David Carney is the author and publisher of the Tech Law Journal Daily E-Mail
Alert (TLJ Alert) and the TLJ web site. The TLJ web site has been published
since March of 1998. The TLJ Alert has been published since August of 2000.
Previously, there were two separate privacy policies, one for the TLJ Alert, and
one for the TLJ web site. This policy combines the two into one. (Privacy policies formerly
in effect are reproduced at the bottom of this page.)
E-Mail Monitoring. Beginning on, or soon after, February 1, 2003, TLJ
will commence monitoring of the use of the TLJ Alert and web site. This will be
done with code inserted in the HTML source code of the TLJ Alert and web site;
this code will cause entries to be made in web site access logs; these logs will
be analyzed by log analysis software. This procedure is sometimes called "web
bugs". This will be done for the purpose of identifying, tracking, and
documenting
infringement, and enforcing my rights of authorship and proprietary rights. Any
persons or entities who object to this practice, and who have already
purchased subscriptions, may cancel their subscriptions, and receive a prorated
refund (based on the portion of the subscription term that is remaining), if a
cancellation request is received by January 31, 2003.
For more details, see,
Memorandum
regarding "E-Mail Monitoring", dated January 1, 2003.
Disclosure of Information. TLJ has always had a basic rule that it
does not sell, rent, or transfer its subscription list to the TLJ Alert to third
parties.  In late 2001, this was modified to add three minor exceptions. First,
David Carney may form a single shareholder corporation, and transfer all of
assets, including the subscription list, to that corporation. Second, the fact
that someone is a subscriber may be disclosed to someone else at that place of
work for the purpose of resolving a delivery problem. Third, the fact that
someone is a subscriber may be disclosed to someone else at that place of work
else in connection with subscription requests, payments, billings, forms, and
other subscription related matters. These three exceptions remain, and along
with two new exceptions.
The new fourth exception is that
information, including personally identifying and entity identifying information,
may be disclosed to third parties in an effort to protect the rights of
authorship, and proprietary rights, including rights arising under the Copyright
Act, of David Carney. This may include, but is not limited to, any of the
following:
1. filing a complaint and other pleadings in the U.S. District Court for the
District of Columbia in a suit
alleging copyright infringement and other claims;
2. filing a petition with the Copyright Office for revocation of a registration
of a copyright, in the case of a registration of a work that constitutes or
contains a work of authorship that was authored by David Carney; and
3. filing a complaint with an ethics panel of a state bar association, an
Inspector General or professional conduct office of a federal agency, or a Dean
or academic integrity panel of a law school or university.
The fifth exception is that lists of known infringers, and persons known to
make false claims of authorship, may be shared with other electronic publishers.
This is not being done now. Nor are their plans to do this. This, however, may
be done at some time in the future. The purpose of this practice would be to
limit loses due to infringement and other misuse of electronic products.
For more details, see, Memorandum
regarding "Disclosure of Information to Third Parties", dated January
1, 2003.
Web Site Access Logs. The
TLJ web site has long maintained web site access logs. This includes data such
as the user's domain, date, time, and file served. These access logs
have long be used to measure and analyze traffic to the
TLJ web site.
In addition,
beginning on or soon after February 1, 2003, access logs of the TLJ web site,
and other web domains managed by David Carney will be used as part of a system
for identifying, tracking and documenting infringement. See, E-Mail Monitoring,
above. Information collected in this process may be disclosed to third parties.
See, Disclosure of Information, above.
Links to Other Web Sites. Both the TLJ Alert and web site contain many
links to other web sites. Tech Law Journal is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such web sites.
There Are No TLJ Cookies. Previous versions of privacy policies of the
TLJ web site stated that the TLJ web site generates
cookies. TLJ believes that web site management software used
in 1998 and 1999 automatically created cookies, but that software used since
then has not generated cookies. Whatever the case, TLJ has never made any use of any cookies. Neither the
TLJ Alert nor the TLJ web site create or make use of cookies.
There Are No Advertiser Cookies. Previous versions of privacy policies of the TLJ
web site stated that TLJ uses an outside ad company to display ads on the web site, and that this
advertising involves the use of cookies. However, neither the TLJ web site nor
Alert have carried ads since 2001. Hence, no advertiser generated cookies are
involved in the use of the TLJ web site or TLJ Alert. TLJ's sole revenue source is the sale of
subscriptions to the TLJ Alert.
Tech Law Journal Collects and Publishes News, Documents, and Analysis.
Both the TLJ Alert and TLJ web site are journalistic publications. TLJ is in the
business of publishing information. Much of it is personally identifiable
information.
TLJ
collects and publishes in the TLJ Alert and TLJ web site information about individuals, including
Senators, Representatives, judges, Administration officials, lobbyists, lawyers, and others who are involved in the legislative, regulatory,
or judicial process, and whose activities or operations affect the Internet,
computer, information, and/or communications sectors. This information
includes, but is not limited to: names; biographical information; work
addresses, phone numbers and e-mail addresses; voting records; statements; and copies of
statements, speeches, testimony, legal briefs, legal opinions, reports, and
bills.
As a part of the news
and records gathering process, Tech Law Journal receives press releases,
speeches, statements, comments, legal pleadings, and other materials and
information via e-mail,
fax, paper, and voice communications. Unless the sender requests a restriction
on the use of such material, the content of such communications may be published
in the TLJ Alert and TLJ web site.
Previous Tech Law Journal
Daily E-Mail Alert Privacy Policy
(Published in October or November of 2001. Removed on
January 1, 2003.)
Neither the subscription list, nor any part thereof, are sold, rented, or
transferred to any third party. There are three limited and innocuous exceptions
to this rule. First, David Carney, the sole proprietor of Tech Law Journal, may
incorporate, and transfer ownership of the subscription list to this
corporation, of which he will be the sole owner. Second, the fact that you are a
subscriber may be disclosed to someone else for the purpose of resolving a
delivery problem. That is, it is impossible to talk to your secretary or IT
staff about why your copy of the e-mail did not arrive without telling them that
you are a subscriber. Third, the fact that you are a subscriber may be disclosed
to someone else in connection with arranging for group discounts. That is, if
someone at your firm is arranging for a group subscription discount, it is
necessary for that person to know who the members of the group subscription are.
Previous Tech Law Journal
Web Site Privacy
Policy
(Published on July 14, 1999. Removed on January 1, 2003.)
Tech Law Journal Privacy Policy
Tech Law Journal has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate a
firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses information gathering and
dissemination practices for the Tech Law Journal web site.
This privacy policy was published on July 14, 1999.
Tech Law Journal Does Not Collect Individually Identifiable Data
on Users. The Tech Law Journal web site conducts no on line
surveys or polls. This web site does not operate any message boards or chat
rooms. This web site conducts no on line sales. This web site is a
free access website; there is no subscription or registration process. This
web site collects no individual level data (such as names, e-mail addresses,
residential addresses, dates of birth, social security numbers, or credit card
numbers) on users of this web site.
Links to Other Web Sites. This site contains many links to other web
sites. Tech Law Journal is not responsible for the privacy practices or the
content of such web sites.
Tech Law Journal Cookies. The Tech Law Journal web site generates
cookies. The web site is edited and managed with MS FrontPage 2000 (previously
by FrontPage 98), and hosted on a server running MS Windows NT Server 4.0, with
MS Internet Information Server, and MS FrontPage Server Extensions. Tech Law
Journal does not know what function, if any, these cookies serve. Tech Law
Journal intends in the future to manage its own ad management software to serve
banner ads. Cookies may then be used in connection with displaying ads (such as
for preventing repeat displays of one ad for one user).
Advertisers' Cookies. Tech Law Journal currently uses an outside ad
company to display ads on the web site. These ads may contain cookies. Cookies
received with these banner ads are collected by the ad company, and Tech Law
Journal does not have access to this information.
Tech Law Journal's Access Logs. Tech Law Journal collects and saves
access data, which includes such information as the user's domain, date, time,
and file served. Tech Law Journal analyzes these access logs with WebTrends Log
Analyzer 4.0 to measure and analyze traffic to the web site. These access logs,
and reports generated by this log analysis software, are also made available to
advertisers, and prospective advertisers.
Tech Law Journal Collects and Publishes News, Documents, and Analysis.
Tech Law Journal is engaged in the business of journalism. Tech Law Journal
collects and publishes in this web site information about individuals, including
U.S. Senators, U.S. Representatives, Judges, Administration Officials,
Lobbyists, Lawyers, and others who are involved in the legislative, regulatory,
or judicial process, and whose activities or operations affect the Internet,
computer, information, and/or communications industries. This information
includes, but is not limited to: names; biographical information; work
addresses, phone numbers and e-mail addresses; voting records; and copies of
statements, speeches, testimony, legal briefs, legal opinions, reports, and
bills;
E-mail, Facsimiles, and Paper. As a part of the news
and records gathering process, Tech Law Journal receives press releases,
speeches, statements, comments, legal pleadings, and other materials via e-mail,
fax, and paper. Unless the sender requests a restriction on the use of such
material, the content may be republished in the Tech Law Journal web site, in
whole or in part, and attributed to the author.
Contacting the Web Site. If you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this web site, or your dealings with this web site,
you can contact
David Carney, Publisher
Tech Law Journal
P.O. Box 15186
Washington, D.C. 20003
voice 202-547-7566
fax 202-547-7553
news@techlawjournal.com
Previous Tech Law Journal Privacy
Policy
(in effect prior to July 14, 1999)
Tech Law Journal Privacy Policy
Tech Law Journal does not collect data on individuals. Tech
Law Journal conducts no on-line surveys or polls. Tech Law Journal
does not operate any message boards or chat rooms. Tech Law Journal
conducts no on-line sales. Tech Law Journal is a free access website.
There is no subscription or registration process. Tech Law Journal
collects no individual level data on users of this website, and hence, has
no such data to sell or transfer to others.
Measuring website traffic. Tech Law Journal does
study its web site access logs to measure and analyze traffic to this
website. This data reflects the domain names of users who access this
website. However, these access logs do not reflect the name of, or
otherwise identify, individuals who access this website. Tech Law
Journal makes this data available to third parties in connection with
obtaining advertisers.
E-mail, facsimiles, and paper. Tech Law Journal
publishes news, records and analysis. As a part of the news and
records gathering process, Tech Law Journal receives press releases,
speeches, statements, comments, legal pleadings, and other materials via
e-mail, fax, and paper. Unless the sender requests a restriction on
the use of such material, the content may be republished in this website,
in whole or in part, and attributed to the author.