http://www.emoneysource.com/consumer-privacy-policy
Enable Accessibility
Enable Accessibility
Calculators
Locations
Sign in
Loan Service Portal
Your closed loan information, monthly payments and more.
Loan Application Portal
Complete your loan application or application-related tasks.
find a loan officer
apply for a loan
apply
We are taking steps to help our customers and associates.
COVID-19 Update – Learn More
Toggle navigation
Buy a home
First-time homebuyer
Repeat homebuyer
Home buying process
Home loans
First-time homebuyer
Gain a competitive advantage.
Repeat homebuyer
Close faster with a seller guarantee.
Home buying process
Discover the Evergreen difference.
Home loans
Find a loan that’s ideal for you.
Smooth pathway
First-time buyers need the experience of a pro.
Read this story
Build and remodel
Build your home
Construction process
Construction loans
Build your home
Make your dream home come true.
Construction process
Understand the whole process from A to Z.
Construction loans
Explore loan solutions for your project.
Looking at a fixer upper?
A renovation loan could be right for you.
See story
Refinance
Why refinance
Refinance process
Refinance loans
Why refinance
Find out if the time is right to refinance.
Refinance process
Be prepared and close on time.
Refinance loans
Learn about refinance loan solutions.
Know what terms you want?
Tell us about it.
Find a loan officer
About
Our promise
Customer stories
Blog
Company
Leadership
Careers
Our promise
Learn about “On Time and as Promised®.”
Customer stories
Read homeowner success stories.
Blog
Gain insight and get advice from experts.
Company
Read about the inspiration that started it all.
Leadership
Meet our experienced and passionate team.
Careers
See why we’re one of the top places to work.
Home Buyer Education Center
What’s a loan-to-value ratio? Or mortgage insurance? Find out.
Learn more
go
Calculators
Locations
My Evergreen closed loan
My application in process
find a loan officer
apply for a loan
CONSUMER PRIVACY POLICY
What does Evergreen Moneysource Mortgage (dba Evergreen Home Loans™) do with your personal information?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Income
Account balances
Payment history
Credit scores
Credit history
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business.
When does Evergreen share your personal information?
We share your personal information only to meet our everyday business obligations, such as processing your transactions, maintaining your accounts, responding to court orders, participating in legal investigations, or reporting to credit bureaus.
We do not share personal information for our marketing purposes, for joint marketing with other financial companies, for our affiliates everyday business purposes including information about your transactions and experiences and information about your creditworthiness, or for non-affiliates to market to you.
To limit our sharing or if you have questions about our privacy policy:
If you are a new customer:
Call 1-877-242-2014 Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Pacific Time
Visit us online at: www.evergreenhomeloans.com
If you are a current servicing customer:
Call 1-877-242-5421 Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Pacific Time
Visit us online at: https://www.evergreenhomeloans.com/my-loan
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We collect your personal information when you:
Apply for a loan.
Give us your income information.
Provide employment information.
Provide account information.
Give us your contact information.
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing information about your creditworthiness for affiliates’ everyday business purposes.
Affiliates from using your information to market to you.
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
See below for more about your rights under state law. When you limit sharing for an account you hold jointly, your choices will apply to everyone on that account.
Definitions
affiliates: Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Evergreen Home Loans does not have any affiliates.
joint marketing: A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Evergreen Home Loans does not perform joint marketing.
nonaffiliates: Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Evergreen Home Loans does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Other important information
Evergreen Home Loans is a registered trade name of Evergreen Moneysource Mortgage Company NMLS ID 3182.
Vermont residents only: In accordance with Vermont law, we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents with companies outside of our corporate family, except as permitted by law, such as with your consent, to service your accounts or to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements. We will not share information about your creditworthiness within our corporate family except with your authorization or consent, but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you within our corporate family without your consent.
California residents only: In accordance with California law, we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of Evergreen Home Loans, unless the law allows. For example, we may share information with your consent, to service your accounts, or to provide rewards or benefits you are entitled to. We will limit sharing among our companies to the extent required by California law.
Nevada residents only: Nevada Statute Section 228.600 (3) allows marketing calls to our existing customers listed on the National Do Not Call Registry. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from us, you may be placed on our Internal Do Not Call List by calling us at 877-242-2014 Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m. Pacific time, or by writing to us at EVERGREEN HOME LOANS, 15405 SE 37th Street, Suite 200, Bellevue, WA 98006.
For more information, contact us at the address above, or email us at marketingcompliance@evergreenhomeloans.com with “Nevada Annual Notice” in the subject line.
You may also contact the Nevada Attorney General’s office:
Bureau of Consumer Protection Office of the Nevada Attorney General
555 E. Washington Street, Suite 3900
Las Vegas, NV 89101
Phone: 702-486-3132
Email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us
New Mexico residents only: Complies with New Mexico Statute 59A-12-10 that restricts disclosure of nonpublic customer information for purpose of the sale of insurance.
Texas residents only: By state law, Evergreen Home Loans is subject to regulatory oversight by the Office of Consumer Credit Commissioner. Any consumer wishing to file a complaint against Evergreen Home Loans should contact the Office of Consumer Credit Commissioner through one of the following methods:
In person or by US mail: 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Austin, TX 78705-4207
Telephone: 800-538-1579
Fax: 512-936-7610
Email: complaints@occc.state.tx.us
Website: www.occc.state.tx.us
Name
Title
bio
TEST
Name
Title
bio