http://www.spectrumcontrol.com/documentation/privacy-policy/
Home
|
Documentation
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
UK Customer & Supplier Privacy Policy
Important Information
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how API Technologies (UK) Limited collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you purchase a product or service.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
Controller
API Technologies (UK) Limited is ‘the Controller’ and responsible for your personal data.
The data we collect about you
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We may collect, use, store or transfer different kinds of personal information about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes individual’s first name and last name.
Contact Data includes business name, business address, email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Consent
We control and process any personal information you provide to us electronically in the following ways. Unless otherwise defined, we only process your personal data for accounts, records, advertising, marketing, PR or staff administration (where applicable).
We use the legitimate interest lawful basis under the GDPR for the processing of your information where a shared interest exists between us. We only store this information for as long as a legitimate interest exists.
Marketing
We may use your Contact, Technical and Usage data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You may receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods services from us.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links or enabling connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with:
Internal Third Parties;
External Third Parties; and
Third Parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If this happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process this data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. These other organisations may have their own privacy notices, statements or policies. We strongly suggest that you review them to understand how your personal data may be processed by those other organisations.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a legitimate business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We have taken reasonable steps to ensure that the information we process is reliable for its intended use, is accurate, up-to-date and complete, and is limited to the information required to carry out processing for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
We will only retain your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, except if required otherwise by law.
You can ask for your data to be deleted. Please contact us if you require further information on this.
Sharing/transferring your data
We may share information with third parties who perform services for us, and these third parties are not authorised by us to use or disclose your information except where it is necessary to the service. We may also share information with our parent company in the USA and subsidiaries, ensuring at all times that an adequate level of protection is in place to protect your information.
Additionally, we may occasionally transfer to, process and store the information we collect about you in countries other than the country in which the information was originally collected.
To ensure that data protection is not compromised when personal data is transferred to another country, the Controller assesses the risks of any transfer of personal data outside of the UK and puts in place additional appropriate safeguards where required.
Your legal rights
Under data protection legislation, individuals have certain rights when it comes to how we handle your personal data. You have the right to:
The right to make a ‘subject access request’. This entitles you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
The right to request that we correct incomplete or inaccurate personal data that we hold about you.
The right to withdraw any consent which you have given where we are relying on consent to process your data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services or products to you.
The right to request that we delete or remove personal data that we hold about you where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing. However, we may not be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable at the time of your request.
The right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, or where we are relying on our legitimate interest (or those of a third party), where we cannot show a compelling reason to continue the processing. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your  rights and freedoms.
The right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data, for example if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy or the reason for processing it.
The right to request that we transfer to you or a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured format. The applicability of this right depends on the legal grounds on which we process it.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information.
We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. However, it may take longer depending on the nature of the request, in particular if it is complex or you have a number of requests.
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to update this policy at any time. We will notify you if there are any changes made to this policy that affect how we collect, store or process your personal data.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or about the way in which we process your personal information, please contact our GDPR Officer in the first instance.
Contact details
API Microelectronics Limited                          Tel: 01493 743100 or 01493 743110
Fenner Road
South Denes                                                   Fax: 01493 858536
Great Yarmouth
Norfolk                                                            Email: gdpr@apitech.com
NR30 3PX
Alternatively, you have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority (www.ico.org.uk) for any data protection issues or with a supervisory authority competent for your country or region.