http://www.allamericangold.com/privacy-policy
Shopor call800-951-0592Page 1Created with Sketch.HomeAboutGold CoinsMetals ProgramShopContactFree Consultation Privacy Policy Your privacy is critically important to us. At Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC we have a few fundamental principles:• We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)• We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.• We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.• In our blogging products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our support team. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC operates its policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC visitors use its website.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC websites choose to interact with Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC in ways that require Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, those who engage in transactions with Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC– by purchasing product are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with us. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationPatriot Trading Metals Group, LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC behalf or to provide services available at Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC website and have supplied your email address, Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC uses cookies to help Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC identify and track visitors, their usage of Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC website, and their website access preferences. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC websites, with the drawback that certain features of Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC sole discretion. Patriot Trading Metals Group, LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a WordPress.com account, you should also check your blog’s dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Please email us is you have any question.Email Joe Jaquint - CEO Email Wendy - Office ManagerPage 1Created with Sketch. LOADING... Questions? Call us: 800-951-0592Patriot Trading Group 2010 W. Parkside Lane Suite 154 Phoenix, AZ 85027LinksmicrophoneCreated with Sketch.LIVE Radio ShowShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.1360KHNCShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.Google PlayShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.iTunes PodcastShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.omnystudio-icon-darkFM PodcastShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.Patriot Radio News Hour - YouTubeShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.facebookLike us on FacebookShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.twitter-logo-buttonCreated with Sketch.Follow us on TwitterShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.question-mark copyCreated with Sketch.Frequently Asked QuestionsShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.More ArticlesArchivesShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.December 2020November 2020October 2020September 2020August 2020July 2020June 2020May 2020April 2020March 2020February 2020January 2020January 2019January 2018Gold FAQShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.Silver FAQShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.Metals SignupShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.BlogShape Copy 8Created with Sketch.Page 1Created with Sketch.facebooktwitter-logo-buttonCreated with Sketch.US Dollar / USDX IndexDJIAGold IRALinksPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsCopyright 2017 Patriot Trading Group. All rights reserved.