http://www.lionpic.co.uk/our-company/privacy-policy/
Moulding
Wood Mouldings
Bare Wood Mouldings
Aluminium Mouldings
Hand Finished Mouldings
FSC™ Certified
Chop Service
Workshop
Frame Making
Mountcutters
Sheet Material Cutters
Laminators
Workshop Tools & Accessories
Training Books
DIY Framing
Surface Cleaning
Protective Clothing
Wrapping & Packaging
Spare Parts
Supplies
Consumables
Hanging Hardware
Tapes & Adhesives
Screws Pins Tacks Rivets
Frame Hardware
Mounting & Laminating
Finishing & Decoration
Clever Stuff
Mountboards & Boards
Daler
Colourmount
Value
Canson Museum Board
Foam Board
Styrene & Backing Board
Mountboard Storage
Canvas, Print & Panel
Canvas Stretcher Bars
Stretcher Brace Bars
Canvas Stretching Tools
Canvas Hardware
Paper, Canvas & Coatings
Printed Panel
Art Hanging
Newly Picture Hanging Systems
STAS Picture Hanging Systems
J Rail & Gallery Rods
Hanging Systems Accessories
Clearance
Moulding
Supplies
Workshop
Picture Hanging Systems
OPEN we are taking orders for delivery
FREE DELIVERY over £125
EXPORT we ship worldwide
NEXT DAY DELIVERY order before midday
Home
»
Our Company
»
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Click & Collect
Security Privacy
Glossary of Terms
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
To be able to order from us we have to collect certain information from you. As part of this, you are required to give your contact information. We use the information given to us by you to provide the service you request from us in the way that is set out in this privacy policy.
User name and password
If we collect a user name and password, this is so we can keep your information safe and so that we can have your information to hand each time you visit us.
Name, address and postcode
Without this we won't know where to send your order or to whom. We also use postcodes to quickly get your full address to save you typing it out, and to determine which services are available for your area.
Email address
We send confirmation of your orders via email as well as other relevant service, product and marketing communications.
Telephone numbers
If there are any problems with your order or we need to check anything, we need to be able to contact you quickly.
Payment card number, expiry date, issue no and name of card holder
We may collect but will not hold payment card information. Dependant on the ordering method, payment card information is either:
Online
Entered onto a secure online payment provider by the cardholder.
Telephone
Taken verbally and entered onto a secure online payment provider by the salesperson.
In person
Taken via a chip and pin terminal.
When the transaction is handled via an online payment provider we are provided with a token that is valid for a single order and do not have access to card details.
Where you heard about us
We may ask you this to help make our marketing more efficient.
Correspondence
If you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Third party information
If you give us information about another person, (for example if someone else is taking delivery for you or is collecting your delivery from our trade counter) you confirm that you have identified Lion to them and told them what we will use their information for, as set out in this Privacy Policy and that they have given permission for us to be able to use their personal information in the manner described.
IP addresses
When you visit our site, we will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device.You may also provide us with personal information if you contact customer services, if you enter promotions or competitions run by us or if you get in touch with us in some other way, for example by way of an email facility provided on the website.
Cookies
As with the majority of websites, we collect cookies to enhance user experience and to enable our site to properly function. You can read more information on Cookies and how we use them here.
How We Use the Information We Collect
Our main uses of your information are explained above which in general is to process your orders, as well as to help us understand your needs and provide you with a better service.
Your account may be used to store information about your previous purchases, personal preferences and My Favourites lists. But you should also be aware of the following uses
Marketing
We may use the information we collect to inform you, by SMS, email or equivalent, about offers, products and services that we think may be of interest to you.We will tell you about this when we collect your information and if you do not wish to receive these communications, please let us know. You can change your mind at any time by emailing info@lionpic.co.uk with your request. You can also unsubscribe following the instructions that we will include in any communication we send to you.
Customer care and correspondence
As part of our customer care procedures, we may follow-up, either by phone, SMS or email, customers who have purchased goods or services from our website or who have posted comments about Lion on the internet, for example to resolve a complaint or to ask for a testimonial.
Market research
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by phone or email.
Website improvement
To help us design our website and improve your experience, we may collect information about the way you use and access our website. We collect information about each visitor, including IP address, the length of time spent on the website and the order in which pages are visited. This is explained in more detail in our Cookies Policy.
Fraud Prevention
In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may look at the information that we get from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, and may pass this to other group companies, and to financial and other organisations (including law enforcement agencies) involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
Delivery Fulfilment
we will share address and contact information with third party carriers and postal fulfilment providers to enable deliveries to be completed.
Credit Account Payment Information
When you apply for a credit account, we may be required to go through a more detailed credit check which will tell you about you first. When you have a credit account we may share also share account information with our credit insurers.
Access Rights
You have a right to access the personal information that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information Lion holds about you, please email us at info@lionpic.co.uk enclosing your postal details, account number and the details of your request.
Security
We have taken many steps to make sure your trading experience with us is secure. Information about you will be kept safe and secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of your information, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect and secure information that is collected online.
Keeping your information secure
To help us keep your information secure you should:
Keep your password secret.
Never distribute the website addresses for pages that you have looked at while logged in as a registered customer.
Password - you should choose a password that is not obvious or known to anyone else. You should never give a third party your password, as you will be responsible for all activity and charges incurred through use of your password whether authorised by you or not
If you forget your password, you can request a new password, which will be emailed to the address we hold for you. You can change your password anytime through the account facilities on the website. Should we think that there is likely to be, or has been any breach of security, we may change your password and notify you of the change by email.
Security on our premises
Access to your information is restricted in our premises. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers that store this information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
Our website may contain links to let you visit other websites of interest easily. Once you have used these links to leave our website, you should be aware that we do not have any control over that other website. As such we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting these websites, and they are not governed by this Privacy Policy. Lion is not responsible for any products and/or services featured on any third-party website. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Policy applicable to the website in question.
Notification of Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this webpage so you know what information we collect and how we use it.For more information see our Cookie Policy and our Terms & Conditions.
Payment Card Security
The Website has numerous security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control, such as passwords, firewalls, and Cyber Essentials accreditation. We cannot, however, guarantee that these measures are, or will remain, adequate. We do, however, take data security very seriously and will use all reasonable endeavours to protect the integrity of the information you provide.
Who we share your personal information with and why?
We share your personal information with third party service providers that we use to complete services and to manage our infrastructure.   We do not sell or disclose your personal information to governments, marketing or advertising services, other clients or anyone else except as outlined in this statement or as may be required by law.
Why do we collect personal information?
We collect personal information in the course of our business activities.  Our primary function is as a trade (business to business) supplier. We assume that the personal information you supply relates to your business. Holding and processing the data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interest we pursue in providing our products and services to you.
When we provide our services to you as our client, you are generally responsible for the following aspects of the collection and processing of personal information:
Determining what personal information, we collect and how we use it;
Establishing a legitimate basis to collect and process personal information and ensuring that the collection and processing complies with the applicable law;
If appropriate, you are notified of, or provide consent for, the collection and processing of your personal information in accordance with applicable law;
Complying with any legal obligation you may have as the entity that controls or owns the personal data.
Generally speaking, we will be responsible for the following aspects of the collection and processing of personal information:
Carrying out the services requested by you in accordance with your instructions;
Storing and protecting personal information in our custody in accordance with your instructions; and
Comply with any legal obligation we may have as a data processor, custodian, service provider or similar under applicable law
We will not reuse personal information for a new purpose other than the original one(s) for which it was collected, unless:
the new use is compatible with the original one, meaning you should reasonably expect it;
we have notified you of the new use and given you an opportunity to object to it; or
the new use is otherwise permitted or required by law.
When, why and how do we communicate personal information outside of LION?
To complete services
When we provide our services to you, we may transmit personal information back and forth.  This is done through our secure web platforms, phone and email and occasionally by fax or mail.
Engage services providers
Whilst most of our work is carried out by our employees or authorised personnel who access personal information directly from our systems and whose activities are under our direct control, we use third party service providers for certain specialised tasks, these include storage of data, information technology support and some services we perform for our clients.
It would be impractical to list all the service providers, however, should you wish to understand which service providers may receive your personal information, please contact us.
When we provide services to a client it is done so in accordance with your instructions.
In exceptional circumstances, we may be asked to communicate personal information to law enforcement agencies, national security agencies, courts or other public bodies in any jurisdiction where we are subject to the law, regardless of where personal information is stored. If we receive a production order, warrant, subpoena or other enforceable demand, we will comply as required by law. If we receive a request to provide information voluntarily, we will consider your interests, our business interests, the interests of our clients, public safety implications and our legal obligations prior to deciding whether to communicate personal information. In any case where the information in question was collected from or on behalf of a client, we will consult with you before proceeding unless prohibited by law.
We may proactively communicate personal information to law enforcement or other third parties if necessary to investigate or report a violation of the law or a contractual agreement, or if otherwise appropriate and permitted by law.
How do we ensure your personal information is accurate?
Much of the personal information we collect comes directly from you, in which case you are in control of its accuracy. Our processes for collecting and transcribing personal information are automated to the greatest extent possible and are subject to rigorous quality controls. Information that is found to be inaccurate, either through our own audits or following your request for correction, is updated.
Do we engage in automated decision-making or profiling using personal information?
We do not make decisions about you, automated or otherwise, and do not attempt to analyse or predict your behavior, preferences, interests, health or other personal characteristics.
Do we conduct research using personal information?
We do not use your personal information to conduct any research.  We maintain historical statistical data in anonymised, aggregate format for research and analysis.
How long do we keep personal information?
We keep personal information as long as you are a client of ours or as long as we need to keep it to comply with our legal obligations.  For information on how long your personal information may be retained, please contact us.
Do we transfer personal information between countries?
We do not transfer personal information between countries. Your personal information is collected and stored in the United Kingdom.
How do we protect personal information?
We have advanced security measures in place to secure and protect your personal information, such as internal and external firewalls, monitoring and alert systems to prevent and detect intrusion attempts.  Our servers are located within a securely managed infrastructure, and undergo multiple reviews by independent auditors. Our employees access data through secure desktop interfaces, and our online interfaces are encrypted, password protected and monitored.
We employ equally rigorous physical security policies to prevent physical access to our premises. Our servers and offices, including personal information in hard copy form, are kept in access-controlled and monitored environments.
We restrict access to your personal information to individuals who need it to perform their work functions. Our marketing, sales, customer service and account management teams may have regular access to your information and employees in other departments may access it occasionally as required to manage our relationship with you and fulfill our legal obligations.
We also enter into contractual agreements with service providers with which we may need to share your personal information, which require them to protect your personal information to the same level as we do.
How can you choose how and whether we collect and use your personal information?
Providing your information to us is voluntary.  The purpose for collecting personal information is to enable us to provide our products and services to you.
Whenever our legitimate basis for collecting and using personal information is your consent, you can withdraw or modify your consent for future collection or use of your personal information at any time, and we will explain the consequences of doing so.
If we use your personal information for sales or marketing purposes, you can ask us to stop at any time and we will do so.
How can you access or correct your personal information, request that it be deleted, or ask for it to be transferred to another organisation?
At any time, you can request access to your personal information, request that any inaccuracies will be corrected, and request that comments or explanations be added to records about you.
You can also ask about:
whether and why we have your personal information;
how we got your personal information;
what we have done with your personal information;
to whom we have communicated your personal information;
where your personal information has been stored, processed or transferred;
how long we will retain your personal information, or how that retention period will be determined; and
the safeguards in place to protect your information when it is transferred to third parties or third countries.
Finally, you can ask us not to collect or use your personal information for certain purposes, you can ask us to delete your personal information, or you can ask us to provide your personal information to a third party.
Depending on which laws apply to your personal information, we may only be able to do some of these things for you. If you request one of these things and we refuse to do it, we will explain your legal rights, the reason for our refusal and any recourse you may have.
How can you make a complaint about how we have handled your personal information or responded to a request to exercise your rights?
We commit to investigating and resolving complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. To make a complaint, contact us at data@lionpic.co.uk.
Information Commissioner’s Office Registration Number: Z7747459
Next Day Delivery
Order before midday for next day delivery - UK mainland only
FREE DELIVERY
Over £125 exc. VAT & delivery. Next day delivery to UK (restrictions apply)
EXPORT
We ship worldwide and have stockists throughout Europe and overseas
OPEN FOR BUSINESS
We are still taking orders for delivery, while maintaining social distancing