http://www.zairmail.com/zairmail-privacy-policy.asp
Created: July 7, 2000
Last Update: June 5, 2015
We have created this plain English privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your business and personal information. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site: www.zairmail.com. We recognize the importance of protecting your personal, business and financial information.
We are fully committed to ensuring your privacy and safeguarding your information. Please read the following statement so that you will understand how we use and protect the information we find out about you in the course of our business together.
Statement of principles
You are our valued customer and we will work hard in order to maintain your trust in us.
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
Your mailings are your property and we will not use your documents or address lists for anything other than processing your mailing.
We ensure that any information you give us is kept secure and confidential between our organization, its trusted agents (e.g.: bank), yourself and people you choose to correspond with.
We may use your e-mail address or mailing address to contact you regarding new products or offerings.
You can opt out of receiving information from us at any time and you can discontinue use of our services at any time, at which point we will remove your personal information from the relevant active service databases. Just send email to customercare@zairmail.com
We will not rent, sell or otherwise share your personal information on a mailing list for use by others.
You can always contact us to discuss any aspect of our privacy policies - email us at customercare@zairmail.com.
We balance the strong need for privacy with the need to prevent abuse of our services and our customer requirements.
Ongoing changes to our Privacy policy
We continuously improve our service offerings and our operations policies. This means that our Privacy Policy will change from time to time and we will always ensure that this page is kept up to date and that there is a link to this page anywhere we gather personal data from you.
If we change the way we use already collected personally identifiable information we will notify users affected by email.
Why we collect personal information and what we do with it
Regular access to our web site to review our services does not require you to register personal information.
When you wish to take advantage of our Zairmail Express Direct mailing services our registration form requires you to give us contact information (name, company name, title, address, phone, fax and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form in three ways:
To send you information about our company and its services.
To contact you from time to time (to make special offers for instance). Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
When you send a mailing your company/name and return address are included in the mailing.
None of the personal or business information you give us is shared with anyone other than our trusted partners (e.g.: our bank) unless required by law or if you have breached our service agreement (see next section). Information in the aggregate (e.g.: demographic studies) may be shared with others in order to offer improved services.
To pay for the mailings we may collect your financial information (e.g.: account or credit card numbers). Financial information that is collected is used to bill for products and services - with your prior approval.
To use the Zairmail Express Direct service you will be asked to provide credit card information for the purchase of the mailing.
During the credit card process, we will ask for your name, credit card account number, name on your credit card, and expiration date.
CREDIT CARD INFORMATION
To pay for mailings we might ask for credit card information. We transmit that credit card information in an encrypted format. We use industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
Real time authorization, capture and execution of credit card purchases are performed over the Internet through a FirstData secure gateway. In addition to checking for a valid credit card number, the system verifies the billing address to help reduce fraud. We uses GoDaddy SSL to provide a secure connection with the client. GoDaddy is a leading SSL provider. All accounting reports of credit card transactions are managed on a strictly confidential basis.
Exceptional Circumstances
Our customers can be assured that we go to great lengths to protect their privacy and personal information. However, we may disclose account information under exceptional circumstances if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our User Agreement or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, our customers, clients, suppliers or partners, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Your IP address
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your actions during a session and to gather broad demographic information. On-going records are kept of IP address accesses and times of on-line sessions in case we are required to reveal your identity following an on-line crime or breach of our Terms of Use.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from our web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use cookies to keep track of your actions while at our site in order to make your experience with us more enjoyable and to make sure you don't see the same advertisement repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to allow you the option to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
The use of "Cookies" is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. "Cookies" in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept "Cookies". If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse "Cookies". However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Your Zairmail Express Direct account is password-protected. You have a choice of password, which is not known by our personnel. We will never contact you requesting your password and we recommend that you not reveal it to others.
You may access and change various information in your account on a regular basis using your Account Name and Password.
We recommend logging out of all sessions and closing your browser when you have finished to ensure that others cannot access your account.
If you supply us with credit card or bank account information, we transmit that credit card information in an encrypted format. We use industry-standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. No credit card or bank account information is shared with anyone other than our banking and financial services suppliers.
Part of the our services requires that we print the names and addresses of yourself and people you correspond with. These are printed at trusted facilities that are highly secure and have confidentiality policies that ensure the privacy, integrity and confidentiality of your information.
Mail on Demand Process and the Internet
A unique feature of Zairmail Express Direct is the ability for you to send direct mail to others from your desktop computer with out the hassle of working with a slow and traditional printing company. This mail is processed by our equipment but may also undergo other processing (such as printing and inserting into an envelope) at the premises of one of our trusted partners. We only work with partners who can assure us of their integrity in dealing with confidential information and can demonstrate best practices conforming to our stringent standards in this area.
We require any partner who may have access to personal information and correspondence (e.g.: as it prints) to sign legal agreements in order to ensure that your trust in us is not breached. Simply speaking, we take enormous care in ensuring that your mailings will not be read by anyone other than the intended recipient. Our partners are used to dealing with mailing systems involving highly personal information such as personal bills, corporate confidential documents and financial information and you can be assured of their integrity in handling your mailings.
We use highly secure mail delivery systems that place the mailings directly into the safekeeping of a country's postal service. Your letters never enter a public mailbox and, while in our facility, or a postal processing facility, the premises is always secure from public access. The contents of mailings are removed from our active servers within 48 hours of our estimated delivery time unless you have requested access to mail that you have previously sent.
In using our services you are assured of our greatest efforts in maintaining the confidentiality of your information. However, we remind you to be aware that in using any electronic service your information travels through equipment and over lines owned by many different companies, most of which are not under our control.
Supplementation Information
We may supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties in order to better tailor our service offerings.
We partner with FirstData to process credit card payments and we use other secure production partners in our network.
User Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving e-mail from us at the point where we request information about you (i.e. during sign up). We recommend that you do not opt out until you use our service for a month. We pledge to send no more than one unsolicited e-mail a month to you (other than billing information). This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to customercare@zairmail.com
You can send mail to the postal address shown below
You can call the following telephone number: Toll Free 888.898.0066
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Send email to customercare@zairmail.com
Registered users can login and update their account information under "Settings".
Send mail to the postal address shown below
Call the following telephone number: Toll Free 888.898.0066
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Cendix
PO Box 741
Lake Oswego, OR 97034
customercare@zairmail.com
All mail will be answered personally and promptly.