https://www.pumpagents.com/policy.html
Toggle navigation
Products
AMT Pumps
Aurora Pumps
Baldor Motors
Barnes Pumps
Berkeley Pumps
Burks Pumps
Flojet Pumps
Flotec Pumps
Franklin Pumps
Gorman Rupp Pumps
Goulds Pumps
Groco Pumps
Grindex Pumps
Hypro Pumps
Iwaki Pumps
Jabsco Pumps
Jacuzzi Pumps
Johnson Pumps
Leeson Motors
Little Giant Pumps
Lutz Pumps
March Pumps
Moyno Pumps
Myers Pumps
Oberdorfer Pumps
Price Pumps
Roper Pumps
Rule Pumps
Sherwood Pumps
Shurflo Pumps
Simer Pumps
Sta Rite Pumps
Tuthill Pumps
Walchem Pumps
Weinman Pumps
Yamada Pumps
Contact Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
Order Tracking
Where is my Order
About Us
About Us
Store Policy
View Cart
Search
PRIVACY POLICY :
At PumpAgents.com we take your privacy
as seriously as you do. We have our own five step
privacy commitment:
We do
not sell, trade, or otherwise share your personal
information, such as name, email address, physical
address, phone numbers, buying history, etc. Your
information stays here with us. You do not have to
worry about receiving unsolicited email from other
companies or individuals as a result of shopping at
PumpAgents.com. We will only email you if you have
an unfinished order on file, or there are any problems
with your order. We also will not call you unless
there is a problem with your order.
We do use navigational information in the aggregate to understand how our customers
as a group use the site so that we can make PumpAgents.com
better but in doing so, we don"t disclose individual
names or personal navigational information. We do
not keep track of where you go on the World Wide Web.
The Web sites you visit may have their own privacy
policies or no policy at all. We encourage you to
review the privacy policies of Web sites before providing
them with any of your personal information.
We have put in place privacy protection control systems designed to ensure that
your personal data remain safe and private. Each and
every PumpAgents employee
must abide by this privacy policy. Only authorized
employees are permitted to have access to your personal
information and such access is limited by need and
position. All employees are required to acknowledge
that they understand and will comply with this privacy
policy. Employees who violate our privacy policies
are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including
termination.
We regard our customer"s privacy as one of our most important values. We want
you to know how we protect customer information and
what choices you have about its use. We believe the
PumpAgents Privacy Policy should give you confidence
whenever you use PumpAgents.com 24 hours a day, seven
days a week, 365 days of the year.
RETURNS POLICY :
PumpAgents.com maintains an industry standard return policy. Please review the
following guidelines and policies.
FOR PUMPS, and PUMP and MOTOR ASSEMBLIES
If the pump is not used and still has its original packaging you
may return it within the applicable time frame by
following the guidelines below.
Pumps that have been installed or used cannot be returned, other than if you require a warranty assessment on a pump.
If the Pump is used we cannot accept it back as a return unless there is a problem with the pump.
PARTS and REPAIR KITS
Parts and repair kits are not returnable. Parts sales are final.
style="font-size:8.0pt;font-family:Arial;">pumps@pumpagents.com.
We hope you understand that these policies are initiated
by the manufacturer.
Return Authorization:
All returns, regardless of reason,
MUST be authorized first by contacting our Customer
Service Department : pumps@pumpagents.com.
To return a product, you must obtain a RMA (Return
Merchandise Authorization) number. There is a limit
of fifteen (15) calendar days for you to be eligible
to contact us to return a product. If these fifteen
days have passed, we are no longer able to accept
any returns. If a product is defective, please contact
the manufacturer of the product for repair and service
issues. If you have any other questions, please contact
our Customer Service Department at
pumps@pumpagents.com
for more information. Please have your order number
ready, if available.
Damaged
During Shipping: If your product was damaged during shipping, please contact
us immediately and we will issue a pickup free of
charge as long as the product or products are still
in the original packing materials. Afterwards, a claim will be filed by our Customer Service Department with the
carrier. Please note that every shipment is fully
insured and that is all included in the shipping and
handling quote. If you find that there is damage on
the outer are of the shipping box, please have the
carrier make a note of it. You may choose to receive
a refund or exchange. However, if you request a refund,
a 15% restocking fee may apply.
Defective Merchandise: Every product
we carry, includes a manufacturer"s
warranty. However, if you receive a defective product,
we will issue an exchange as long as you contact us
within fifteen days of receiving it. If we no longer
carry this unit, we can only forward you to the product"s
manufacturer for repair.
Exclusions: We
do not offer exchanges on these products. We will
assist you in contacting the manufacturer for repairs.
Please contact our Customer Service Department at
pumps@pumpagents.com
for more information.
PRICE CHANGE POLICY :
PumpAgents.com reserves the right to change prices without notice, prior to order confirmation.
PumpAgents.com reserves the right to correct prices, after order confirmation, after notifying you.
If an order is processed with an incorrect pricing you will be notified of the correct price and your order will be shipped only after that price change is approved by you.
Orders will only be shipped if pricing is approved by management.
All listed prices on this website are subject to this approval.
Notification is not required if the price is correct.
Manufacturers are constantly updating
their product lines and eliminating older models.
Should you learn of a new model on the market which
is not listed in our catalog, please contact us at
pumps@pumpagents.com
for your best quote. In addition, manufacturers
are continuously changing their cost prices. When
prices are lowered, we will pass the savings on to
you.
PAYMENT POLICY :
Orders on our website can be paid with Visa, MasterCard,
American Express, and Discover. eCheck and Debit card
are also accepted.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION :
Email us at : pumps@pumpagents.com