http://www.jdgassociates.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content Skip to menu
Employment Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Us
EEO & HR Services
EEOTracker
GSA Schedule
Online Training
Privacy PolicyThis is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site. If you visit our site to read or download information, we will collect and store only the following information about you: The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account). The date and time you access our site. The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.If you identify yourself by sending an E-mail containing personal information:You also may decide to provide us personal information, for example your mailing address, in an electronic mail message requesting that information or records be mailed to you. Information collected in this manner is used solely for responding to requests for information or records.Site ManagementSite management information from both categories is collected for statistical purposes. This JDG Associates Inc. computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.Site SecurityFor site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the JDG Associates Inc. computer system employs software programs to monitor internet traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload, access or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this site are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under Sate and Federal Law.CookiesThe term "cookie" refers to a file that is placed on your computer's hard drive by a website to track information about your usage of the website. Cookies that remain on your hard drive and are used after you end your session on a website are called "persistent cookies." We do not use persistent cookies and we will not place this kind of file on your computer. The term "session cookies" refers to temporary files that are created to enhance your use of our site during your current session. We may use session cookies for this purpose, but they are not retained or used to track any personal information.NOTICE: We will not obtain personal information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. If you voluntarily supply us with personal information, for example when you register for an EEO training class, then we will use this information to assist us in the organization and conduct of our training sessions. We may also use this information to contact you about related opportunities, services and other activities.
© 2020 JDG Associates Inc. All Rights Reserved.