http://www.corpu.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 13, 2019
Your privacy is important to CorpU. This Privacy Policy provides details about the information CorpU collects and the ways in which CorpU uses that information. This Policy applies to the corporate website (“Website”) accessible at https://www.corpu.com/ and use of the CorpU cloud-based technology learning platform (“Platform”) and its associated parts whether accessed online or via a mobile device.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the following:
Changes to this policy
Information collection
Links to other websites
Public forums
Use of information
Processing of information
Sharing of your information
How we protect your information
Your choices
How to contact us
Please read the following policy carefully so you understand our policies regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. By accessing the Website or Platform you acknowledge you have read and understood this Privacy Policy. Data protection laws require companies to describe their role and responsibility when handing personal information.
Your use of the CorpU Platform may be as part of an entity or organization that has an agreement with CorpU (like your employer). In that case, your organization is acting as the data controller with respect to the information that it provides to us. This information typically includes first name, last name, email address and sometimes other information like department or region. When your organization is the data controller in this scenario, CorpU is acting as a data processor under data protection laws, meaning we use the information to provide a service to your organization and will only process your personal information in accordance with documented instructions.
Changes to This Policy
CorpU may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” section at the top of this Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may provide more direct notice of updates by sending email notifications or placing a banner on the homepage.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Information Collection
CorpU may collect and use the following kinds of information:
Information Provided by You (or Your Organization). We collect information you provide directly to us including when you register for and/or use our Website or Platform.
We may collect information about you from your organization (Employer) which may include your name, email address, phone number, department, region or your direct supervisor. This information varies per organization depending on contract requirements, organization initiatives and local privacy laws.
We collect information when you register with CorpU for an account, modify your profile or access and use the CorpU Website or Platform (including, but not limited to when you upload files, participate in discussions or otherwise share information when using our Website or Platform)
The types of information we collect from you directly may include your name, your picture, job title and a brief personal overview.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Our Service. When you use our Website or Platform, we may automatically collect technical usage information about you, including:
We may collect information about which features and areas of the Website or Platform you use, content you access and your use of content or information within the Website or Platform.
We may collect information about you when you access the CorpU Website or Platform including your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, page response times, browser type and computer information (such as operating system, screen size, etc.).
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We (including our service providers who we work closely with) may track and store information in the form of Cookies stored on your computer or mobile device web browser. These Cookies do not contain confidential information directly, but allow us to identify you with your account as you use different areas of our Website or Platform. We may also employ the use of hidden images (a.k.a. image bugs or web beacons) in emails to track deliverability and open rates.
Links to Other Websites
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Website or Platform. The Website or Platform may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by CorpU. The policies and procedures described here do not apply to web sites or other services that CorpU does not operate or control. These links from our Website or Platform do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed those web sites or other services. We suggest contacting those services directly for information regarding their privacy policies.
Public Forums
The Website or Platform may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups, or other public forums available to its users, whether by way our own services or by way of the services or features of a third party. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these areas and avoid posting any personal or sensitive information. If a separate login is required to use these areas, please be aware that you may need to also log out separately.
Use of Information
We may use the information collected through the CorpU Website or Platform (including our service providers who we work closely with on our behalf) for the limited purpose of making available the CorpU Website or Platform and related features and capabilities. The information may be used in a variety of ways including:
Provide and improve the CorpU Website or Platform
Enable your access of the CorpU Website or Platform and its features
Enable content and collaborations on the CorpU Website or Platform
Communicate with you about technical support issues or concerns
Monitor and analyze trends and usage behaviors to improve the CorpU Website or Platform
Monitor for and investigate fraudulent behavior in connect with the CorpU Website or Platform
Personalize the CorpU service based on your preferences and usage patterns
Send you timely and appropriate notifications about content and transactions happening as part of the CorpU Website or Platform
Processing of Information
By accessing the CorpU Website or Platform, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the United States and other countries and territories which may have data protection or data privacy laws different than your own.
Sharing of Your Information
We will not share personal information about you or any information that you provide to the CorpU Website or Platform except what is specified in this Privacy Policy. Examples of ways we may share your information include:
Vendors and other service providers. We may share your information with third-party vendors and other service providers who are working on our behalf and require your information to deliver a portion of the CorpU Website or Platform. These service providers are only authorized to use your information for the express purpose of providing the CorpU Website or Platform.
Your organization (Employer). Your CorpU Website or Platform account is owned by your organization and was assigned to you as an employee or agent of that organization. Information about your interactions with the CorpU Website or Platform and information provided by you may be shared with your organization.
Collaboration. Information you post or submit as part of the CorpU Website or Platform may be shared with individuals in your peer groups or other people in your organization (e.g. administrators or business sponsors that are employees or agents of your organization).
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information to a third party if (a) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (b) to enforce our agreements or terms of service, (c) to protect the security or integrity of the CorpU Website or Platform.
Business transfers. We may transfer your information in connection with or in support of any merger or sale of the assets of CorpU or acquisition of all or part of CorpU by another company.
Anonymized Data. We may share non-identifying, aggregate or anonymized information with a third party provided that information is not the intellectual property of you or your organization and cannot be used to identify you.
How we Protect Your Information
The security of your information is extremely important to us. While no service is completely secure, CorpU takes reasonable and industry-standard measures to protect your information from loss, theft or misuse. All information sent to us is encrypted while in-transit information such as your password is stored in an encrypted format.
The servers on which we process and store your information are kept in a physically- and environmentally-controlled facility with physical and virtual access by authorized personnel only. We use additional procedural and technical safeguards to keep your information safe and secure.
Your Choices
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your account and modifying your information or by emailing us at privacy@corpu.com. CorpU will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to deactivate your account, please email us at privacy@corpu.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you or your employer services. We will retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
We will retain your personal data we process on behalf of our customers as directed by such customer. CorpU will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements.
Upon your request, CorpU will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information to the extent we are aware. To request this information, please contact us at privacy@corpu.com.
How to Contact CorpU
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the treatment of your personal information by CorpU, please write to:
privacy@corpu.com
CUX, Inc. d/b/a CorpU
Attention: DPO
2 Market Plaza Way
Suite 5
Mechanicsburg, PA 17055