http://www.beachcomberhottubs.com/general/privacy-legal
Menu SHOPHot TubsAll SeriesSLB700 Series500 Series300 SeriesSpecial EditionsHybrid4LeepHOT TUB CAREHOT TUB COVERSWATER CAREGENUINE PARTSACCESSORIESLIFTERS & COVERS PARTSCompanyAbout usWHY BEACHCOMBERCareersSupportGuides & ManualsBlogFAQFinancingOffersContact usFind a store
Account
Settings Language Canada B2C Store View FR - Canada B2C - Store View
Help Center
How to Choose a Hot Tub
What else should I buy with my hot tub? A hot tub cover, sometimes called a heatshield, is a “must have” to maximize enjoyment and minimize maintenance of your hot tub. Their lifespan can depend on your climate, your cleaning and maintenance schedule and how exposed the cover is to the elements...
Read More What are the health benefits of a hot tub? Soaking as little as 15 minutes a day in a Beachcomber hot tub can improve your cardiovascular health, help alleviate back and muscle pains, lower your blood pressure and even burn calories!
Read More What is hydrotherapy? Hydrotherapy is simply using heat, massage, and buoyancy to help alleviate the symptoms of conditions like arthritis and muscle pain. Warm water dilates blood vessels and can increase blood flow to sore or damaged tissues, which can help tired or overworked...
Read More View all
How to Maintain Your Beachcomber
I have an
FL/FLO on my display and nothing is running? If you have a tub serial number starting with D,E or F your Flow switch is stuck. Bang on it with screwdriver handle. If you have a tub serial number starting with a 3, 4, A,B,or C your pressure switch is stuck . Replace the switch
Read More Why is my hush pump shutting off when it’s supposed to be running 24/7? You have reduced your set temperature by more than 3 degrees below current water temp. Reduce in 2 degrees increments. Extreme outdooor temperature on tub is allowing Hush pump to heat weater. Prop up corner of cover to release excess heat.
Read More What is
ECONOMY MODE? These are heating Modes. Economy means the heater has only
two
2 hour windows to come on per day. The windows can be increaesed by increasing the filter times.
Read More What is SLEEP MODE? Sleep Mode means the heater will stay off until water temperature falls to 20
°F/10°C below set temperature.
Read More
Why is there water leaking out of the air intake? You have loose or missing jets in your tub and the water is backing up into the air intake system. Replace missing jets or on older tubs tighten jets or replace
orings and or back gaskets.
Read More Why are my 700 Series topside control panel buttons not lit up at night anymore? The panel button back lighting bulbs have burnt out. They need to be replaced.
Read More How do I properly winterize my hot tub? Drain tub as normal, remove plumbing assembly
from jet pump return line and heater inlet g blow air into these lines with a shop vac . Then removes water that comes out. Pour some
RV anti freeze into floor drain and secure Heatsield on tub.
Read More Will the SAFE AXISS tiered step fit on an older Beachcomber tub? The Tiered step will fit any tub that was manufactured after and including year 2000
Read More How often do you drain your tub? With an average use of 2 people 3 to 4 times a week every 4 months. Decrease interval with more bathers or more frequent use.
Read More Do I drain the tub when I go on vacation or keep it running? If the vacation is less than a month and the threat of power outage is low then its best to keep running. If you have a 2006 or newer tub put the heater into sleep mode to reduce power and chemical consumption.
Read More View all
Ordering from Beachcomber Hot Tubs
How do I check my order status? To check the status of your order, please sign in to your account or contact us.
Read More What do I do if my order arrives broken or damaged? If possible, refuse delivery of the broken or damaged items and call us right away for us to assist on resending a new package. Items should be inspected thoroughly at the time of delivery.
Read More View all
Get a Quote for
Customer Name Customer Email Phone Number Comment SubmitCOPYRIGHT 2020PRIVACY POLICYTERMS & CONDITIONS