http://www.pumps-equip.co.uk/cookies-privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Our Products
Low / Medium Pressure Coolant Pumps
View all
Sacemi
Brinkmann Pumps
A-Ryung Machinery
High Pressure Coolant Pumps
View all
Wanner Hydra-Cell
Brinkmann Pumps
High Pressure Coolant Systems
View all
Hydrajet
Centrifuge Filtration Systems
View all
Turbo-Separator
Machine Tool Accessories
View all
Electric Panel Design
Tank Fabrication
In-line Filters
Skim-It Oil Skimmers
Maxiflex Low-Pressure Directional Hoses
Bestdo High-Pressure Directional Hoses
Wash Guns
General Pumps
Machine Tool Lamps
Home  //  Cookies & Privacy Policy
Cookies & Privacy Policy
Toggle Menu
About Us
Application
Turnkey Systems
Our Partners
Vacancies
Service & Repair
This is the Cookie Policy for Pumps & Equipment, accessible from https://pumps-equip.co.uk.
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies, please read “What Are Cookies”.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can manage your cookies on this site by setting your cookie preferences.
Alternatively, you can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Forms related cookies
When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: sales@pumps-equip.co.uk
Contact Us
With up to 2,000 coolant pumps and pumping accessories in stock, customers are assured of a prompt service. Information for all our products are available on our website, offering a comprehensive knowledge base.
We look forward to doing business with you, for a prompt friendly service call…
01926 451744
Contact Us
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Changes