https://www.thoughtco.com/why-is-alcohol-legal-721153
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
RUNSTUDIO/Getty Images
Issues
The U. S. Government
U.S. Legal System
History & Major Milestones
U.S. Constitution & Bill of Rights
U.S. Political System
Income Tax & The IRS
Defense & Security
Consumer Awareness
Campaigns & Elections
Business & Finance
U.S. Foreign Policy
U.S. Liberal Politics
U.S. Conservative Politics
Women's Issues
Civil Liberties
The Middle East
Terrorism
Race Relations
Immigration
Crime & Punishment
Canadian Government
View More
By
Tom Head
Civil Liberties Expert
Ph.D., Religion and Society, Edith Cowan University
M.A., Humanities, California State University - Dominguez Hills
B.A., Liberal Arts, Excelsior College
Tom Head, Ph.D., is a historian specializing in the history of ethics, religion, and ideas. He has authored or co-authored 29 nonfiction books, including "Civil Liberties: A Beginner's Guide."
our editorial process
Tom Head
Updated August 12, 2019
An argument can be made that alcohol is our country's deadliest recreational drug and one of the most addictive. It's also the most legal. So why is alcohol legal? What does this tell us about how our government makes drug policy decisions? These are a few reasons that might explain why no one has tried to ban alcohol since the failure of the Prohibition.
Too Many People Drink
Advocates of marijuana legalization often point to a 2015 Pew Research report that indicated that almost half of all Americans — 49 percent — had tried marijuana. That's roughly the same as the number of Americans age 12 or older who report that they currently drink alcohol. Realistically speaking and in either case, how can you outlaw something that roughly half the population does on a regular basis?
The Alcohol Industry Is Powerful
The Distilled Spirits Council of the United States reports that the alcoholic beverage industry contributed more than $400 billion to the U.S. economy in 2010. It employed more than 3.9 million people. That's a lot of economic muscle. Making alcohol illegal would strike a significant financial blow to the U.S. economy.
Alcohol Is Endorsed by the Christian Tradition
Prohibitionists have historically used religious arguments to ban alcohol, but they've had to fight the Bible to do it. Alcohol production was Jesus' first miracle according to the Gospel of John, and the ceremonial drinking of wine is central to the Eucharist, the oldest and most sacred Christian ceremony. Wine is a symbol in the Christian tradition. Outlawing alcohol would affect the religious beliefs of a good portion of American citizens who are protected by a Constitution that promises freedom of religion.
Alcohol Has an Ancient History
Archaeological evidence suggests that the fermentation of alcoholic beverages is as old as civilization, dating all the way back to ancient China, Mesopotamia, and Egypt. There was never a time in recorded human history when alcohol wasn't part of our experience. That's a lot of tradition to try to overcome.
Alcohol Is Easy to Produce
Alcohol is pretty easy to make. Fermentation is a natural process, and banning the product of natural processes is always tricky. Jailhouse "pruno" can easily be made in cells using products available to prisoners, and much safer, tastier beverages can be made cheaply at home.As Clarence Darrow put it in his 1924 anti-Prohibition speech:
Even the drastic Volstead Act has not prevented and cannot prevent the use of alcoholic beverages. The acreage of grapes has rapidly increased since it was passed and the price gone up with the demand. The government is afraid to interfere with the farmer's cider. The fruit grower is making money. The dandelion is now the national flower. Everyone who wants alcoholic beverages is fast learning how to make them at home.In the old days the housewife's education was not complete unless she had learned how to brew. She lost the art because it became cheaper to buy beer. She has lost the art of making bread in the same way, for she can now buy bread at the store. But she can learn to make bread again, for she has already learned to brew. It is evident that no law can now be passed to prevent her. Even should Congress pass such a law, it would be impossible to find enough Prohibition agents to enforce it, or to get the taxes to pay them.
But the best argument in favor of keeping alcohol legal was the precedent set by the Prohibition to which Darrow referred. The Prohibition failed, repealed by the 21st Amendment in 1933.
The Prohibition
Prohibition, the 18th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, was ratified in 1919 and would remain the law of the land for 14 years. Its failure was evident even in its first few years, however. As H.L. Mencken wrote in 1924:
Five years of Prohibition have had, at least, this one benign effect: they have completely disposed of all the favorite arguments of the Prohibitionists. None of the great boons and usufructs that were to follow the passage of the Eighteenth Amendment has come to pass. There is not less drunkenness in the Republic, but more. There is not less crime, but more. There is not less insanity, but more. The cost of government is not smaller, but vastly greater. Respect for law has not increased, but diminished.
The prohibition of alcohol was such a complete and humiliating failure to our nation that no mainstream politician has advocated restoring it in the many decades that have passed since its repeal.
Drink Without Fear of Reprisal?
Alcohol itself may be legal, but the things people do under its influence often are not. Always drink responsibly.
What Is Fermentation? Definition and Examples
Prohibition Era Timeline
The United States Prohibition of Alcohol
The History of Prohibition in the United States
8 Reasons Why Marijuana Should Be Legalized
Where Do Alcoholic Beverages Come From?
What Is Grain Alcohol and How Is It Used in Spirits?
History of Alcohol: A Timeline
Pros and Cons of Legalizing Marijuana in the U.S.
The 18th Amendment
Interracial Marriage Laws History and Timeline
Do You Have to Pass a Test to Vote?
Understanding Islam's Stance on Alcohol
Why Is Marijuana Illegal?
History and Origins of Your Favorite Beverage
Regulations for Canadians Bringing Alcohol into Canada