http://www.yaskawa.eu.com/meta/privacy-statement
Need help?
Fill in our contact form or give a direct call to our support team
+ 49 (0) 6196 569 500
+ 49 (0) 6196 569 44 500
Contact Form
Find a local Yaskawa Contact
Here you can see a list of our local subsidaries competent partners.
Filter comfortably by country and product range.
Find Contact
Privacy Policy
Yaskawa Europe
Privacy Statement
Data Privacy Statement
Thank you for visiting our website. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously and therefore make every effort not only to provide you with an attractive online service, but also to always guarantee your right to informational self-determination.
We attach the utmost importance to the protection of your privacy as a user of our website and adhere to the data protection legislation applicable to us when processing personal data. As the data controller, we have implemented numerous technical and organisational measures to ensure the most comprehensive possible protection of the personal data processed via this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions can in principle have security flaws, so that absolute protection cannot be guaranteed. For this reason, each person concerned is free to transmit personal data to us by alternative means, for example by post.
1. Person responsible for the processing
YASKAWA Europe GmbH
Hauptstraße 185
65760 Eschborn/T.
Germany
Phone: +49 6196 569 300
Fax: +49 6196 569 398
E-Mail: info@yaskawa.eu.com
2. Legal representative
Bruno Schnekenburger, President & CEO Yaskawa Europe, Corporate Officer Yaskawa Electric - Regional Head Europe
Board of Directors:
Bruno Schnekenburger, President & CEO Yaskawa Europe, Corporate Officer Yaskawa Electric - Regional Head Europe
Manfred Stern, Managing Director Yaskawa Europe, Chairman Yaskawa Europe Holding
Marcus Mead, President Robotics Division, Managing Director
3. Data protection officer
Diane Frank
Schmid Frank Rechtsanwälte Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB,
Katharinengasse 11b
86150 Augsburg
Germany
Telefon:  0049 (0)821 4540 543
Fax:  0049 (0)821 4540 680
diane.frank@schmid-frank.de
4. Purposes of the processing
We use the personal data provided by you exclusively to answer your inquiries, to process your orders or to provide you with access to certain information or offers.
4.1. Cookies
Cookies are text files that are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your use of the website. For example, information on the operating system, the browser, your IP address, the website you previously called up (referrer URL) and the date and time of your visit to our website are recorded. Cookies can be used to determine which websites are preferentially accessed. This allows us to better tailor the content of our pages to our web visitors and to optimise our offers. In addition, this information serves to automatically recognise you on your next visit to our website and to facilitate navigation for you. Cookies allow us, for example, to adapt a website to your interests or to store your password so that repeated entry is not necessary.
Cookies cannot be used to start programs or transfer viruses to a computer.
You can also use our websites without cookies. If you do not want your computer to be recognised, you can prevent cookies from being saved on your hard drive by selecting "Do not accept cookies" in your browser settings. Please refer to your browser manufacturer's instructions to find out exactly how this works. If you do not accept cookies, your ability to access our services may be restricted. You can delete cookies already installed on your computer at any time.
Alternatively, you can set your browser to block cookies from our domain. This is done using opt-out cookies
Please note that you may not delete the opt-out cookies unless you wish your measurement data to be recorded. If you have deleted all your cookies in the browser, you have to reset the respective opt-out cookie.
4.2. Newsletters
With the newsletter we inform you at regular intervals about us and what we have to offer.
If you wish to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and that you agree to receive the newsletter. Any further data will not be collected. This data will only be used for sending the newsletter and will not be passed on to third parties. A comparison of the data collected in this way with data that may be collected by other components of our site does not take place.
With the registration to the newsletter we store your IP address and the date of the registration. This storage serves solely as proof in the event that a third party misuses an e-mail address and registers for receiving the newsletter without the knowledge of the authorised party.
You can revoke your consent at any time to the storage of data, the e-mail address and its use for sending the newsletter. The revocation can take place via notification to the listed contact possibilities.
4.3. Newsletter-tracking
Our newsletters contain so-called tracking pixels (web bugs), which enable us to recognise whether and when an e-mail was opened and which links in the e-mail were followed by the personalised recipient.
These data are stored by us, so that we can optimally adjust our newsletters to the wishes and interests of our subscribers. Accordingly, the data collected is used to send personalised newsletters to the respective recipient.
We ask for your consent in this regard at the given time.
With the revocation of the consent to receive the newsletter, the consent to the aforementioned tracking is also revoked.
4.4. Contact form
On our website we offer you the possibility to contact us by e-mail and/or via a contact form. In this case, only the information provided by the user will be stored. We only use your e-mail address to process your inquiry and for possible follow-up questions. Your data will then be deleted if you have not agreed to further processing and use. A comparison of the data collected in this way with data that may be collected by other components of our site also does not take place.
4.5. Google-Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses so-called “Cookies”. These are text files which are stored on your computer and which allow an analysis of your use of the website. For example, information on the operating system, the browser, your IP address, the website you previously accessed (referrer URL) and the date and time of your visit to our website is recorded. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and retained there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. If this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google, Google will also pass this information on to these third parties. This use is anonymous or pseudonymised. You can find more information about this directly from Google.
For more information about how Google Analytics treats user data, please see Google's privacy policy: support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
4.5.1. Browser Plugin
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the cookie and the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) by Google as well as prevent Google from processing this data by downloading and installing the plug-in, which is available via the following link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
In addition or as an alternative to the browser add-on, you can prevent tracking by Google Analytics on our pages by clicking this Link. deactivate Google Analytics. An opt-out cookie is then stored on your device. This will prevent Google Analytics from collecting data for this website and for this browser in future as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser.
4.5.2. IP anonymisation function
We use the function "Activation of IP anonymization" on this website. In this case, your IP address will already be truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and thus anonymised. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and truncated there.
4.6. Google AdWords
Our website uses Google conversion tracking. Google conversion tracking is a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA
If you have reached our website via an advertisement placed by Google, Google Adwords places a cookie on your computer. The conversion tracking cookie is set when a user clicks on an ad placed by Google. These cookies become invalid after 30 days and are not for personal identification. If you visit certain pages of our website and the cookie has not expired yet, we and Google can recognise that you as a user have clicked on one of our ads placed with Google and have been forwarded to our page. The information collected with the help of cookies is used by Google to compile visit statistics for our website. These statistics tell us the total number of users who clicked on our ad and also which pages of our website were subsequently accessed by the respective user. However, we or others advertising through "Google Adwords" do not receive any information that personally identifies users.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser, for example, by setting your browser to deactivate the automatic setting of cookies in general or to block cookies from the "googleadservices.com" domain in particular.
You can find Google's data protection declaration on this subject under the following link: services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
4.7. YouTube
Our website uses plugins from the Google-powered YouTube page. YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA is the operator of the corresponding plug-ins. When you visit a page with the YouTube plug-in, it will connect to YouTube's servers. It tells the YouTube server which of our pages you've visited.
If you are logged into your YouTube account, YouTube can assign your surfing behaviour to you personally. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account beforehand.
Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found in the provider's data protection declaration under: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
4.7.1. YouTube with advanced privacy mode
On our website we use components (videos) of the company YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave, 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, an enterprise which is part of Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
For this we use the "extended data protection mode" option provided by YouTube.
When you visit a page that has an embedded video, a connection is established to the YouTube servers and the content is displayed on the website by notifying your browser.
According to information provided by YouTube, in the "extended privacy mode" only data is transmitted to the YouTube server, in particular which of our web pages you have visited when watching the video. If you are logged in to YouTube at the same time, this information will be assigned to your YouTube member account. You can prevent this by logging out of your member account before visiting our website.
More information about YouTube's privacy practices is provided by Google at the following link: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
4.8 Social Media
YASKAWA maintains a constant presence on social media (LinkedIn, Xing, Twitter, etc.) In this context we publish photos and text of promotional activities, mostly showing customers, employees or third party visitors. The purpose of these publications is advertising and marketing.
4.9. User registration
We offer you the opportunity to register on our website. The personal data voluntarily provided by you, such as name, address, contact and communication data, such as telephone number and e-mail address, are processed exclusively for the use of our services.
In the case of important changes, for example in the scope of our services or in the case of technically necessary changes, we will use the e-mail address provided during registration to inform you in this way.
Registered users have the option of changing or deleting the data provided during registration at any time if required. We will also be pleased to correct or delete them at your request, provided there are no legal obligations to retain them. Please use the contact details provided on this page.
With your registration on our site, we will also store your IP address and the date and time of your registration. This serves as security for us in the event that a third party misuses your data and registers with this data on our site without your knowledge. A passing on to third parties as well as a comparison of the data collected in this way with data that may be collected by other components of our site does not take place.
4.10. Customer / contract data
We collect, process and use personal data only to the extent necessary for the establishment, content or modification of the legal relationship (inventory data). We collect, process and use personal data about the use of our internet pages (usage data) only to the extent necessary to enable the user to make use of the service or to invoice the user.
4.11. Job advertisements / online application
Your application data will be processed electronically by us for the purpose of handling the job application process. In particular, processing takes place electronically if you send the application documents to our organisation electronically, for example by e-mail.
If your application is followed by the signing of an employment contract, your data may be stored by us in your personnel file for the purpose of the usual organisational and administrative process in compliance with the relevant legal regulations.
If your job application is declined, your data will be deleted automatically six months after the notification of decline.
This does not apply if longer storage is necessary due to legal requirements (e.g. the duty of proof according to the General Equal Treatment Act) or if you have expressly agreed to longer storage in our database of interested parties.
4.12. Transmission security
In order to protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption procedures (e.g. SSL). You will recognise an encrypted data transmission by the "https://" at the beginning of the browser line. Submit your confidential information only when SSL encryption is enabled.
5. Legal basis for the processing of personal data
We process your personal data only to the extent that it is necessary for the establishment, content or amendment of the legal relationship, if a statutory regulation requires us to process personal data or if you have expressly consented to such processing.
6. Processing on the basis of legitimate interests
To protect other legitimate interests, we are legally permitted to process personal data, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the person concerned predominate.
7. Transmission of personal data to third parties
Your personal data will only be passed on or transmitted to third parties if this is necessary for the purpose of contract processing - in particular the passing on of order data to suppliers; customer and prospect data to contractually authorised partners - or for billing purposes, or if you have expressly consented beforehand.
A transfer of your data to third parties, such as for advertising purposes, without explicit consent does not occur.
All service providers are obliged to comply with the applicable data protection requirements.
We pass on your data to the following parties:
Service Provider
Type of Data
SUMMIT IT CONSULT GmbH (https://www.summit-it-consult.de)
Applications for YASKAWA Europe
salesforce.com Germany GmbH
(https://www.salesforce.com)
Contact submitted via the contact form
Comspace GmbH & Co. KG
(https://gotethics.com)
"Compliance" whistleblower system
SoftDeCC Software GmbH
(https://www.softdecc.com/)
Training course booking software
8. Transfer of personal data to a third country or an international organisation
We intend to transfer the personal information you provide to us to a third country/international organisation, including YASKAWA Electric Corporation, Japan, for registration and login to cloud-based services. In this context, we would like to point out that the European Commission has taken a decision on the appropriateness of Japan but not for any and all third countries/organisations.
The recipient in the third country/the international organisation can demonstrate an adequate level of data protection through appropriate guarantees/binding internal data protection rules or is located in a third country for which an adequacy decision of the European Commission has been issued. A copy of this can be made available to you upon written request or viewed at www.yaskawa.co.jp/en/privacy.
In addition, we intend to forward to third countries requests from customers and interested parties that we receive in order to initiate a contractual relationship, but which lie in a different area of responsibility within the YASKAWA Group or contractually authorised partners. The YASKAWA Group and its contractually authorised partners can provide evidence of an adequate level of data protection through appropriate guarantees/binding internal data protection regulations. A list of our affiliated companies and contractually authorized partners can be found at our Local Contacts page.
9. Duration of storage of personal data
We store personal data for as long as is necessary to perform a service that you have requested or for which you have given your consent, unless otherwise required by law, such as commercial and tax retention periods.
10. Affected rights
10.1. Information
You have the right at any time to obtain information about the data stored about you or your pseudonym, also with regard to its origin, the recipients to whom the data is passed, and the purpose of the data processing. You can contact us at any time regarding this and other questions on the subject of personal data at the e-mail address data-protection@yaskawa.eu.com or by post at the address stated in the legal notice with the reference "to the data protection officer".
10.2. Rectification
You have the right to request that we correct immediately any inaccurate personal data concerning you or complete any incomplete personal data, taking into account the purposes of the processing.
10.3. Deletion
The stored personal data will be deleted if you revoke your consent to storage, you object to the processing of your personal data, data storage is no longer required for the purpose for which it was stored, or storage is no longer permitted by law.
10.4. Restriction of processing
If you dispute the accuracy of the personal data stored about you or if you need the personal data for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims, but these are no longer required by us, you can request the restriction of the processing of personal data.
You can also have the processing restricted for the period from the filing of an objection to the processing to the decision granting the objection.
If the processing of your personal data is restricted, it will not be further processed.
10.5. Objection
If we process your personal data due to a legitimate interest, both on our part and from a third party, or if the processing is necessary for the performance of a task which is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority, you have the right to object to the processing at any time for reasons resulting from your particular situation.
The responsible person will no longer process your personal data unless he can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The right of objection applies equally to direct mail and related profiling.
10.6. Data portability
You have the right to receive the personal information that you provide about yourself in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to forward it to another entity.
In addition, you have the option of requesting that we transfer the relevant personal data directly to another organisation, provided this is technically feasible.
11. Revocation
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time. The revocation must be made in writing. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
12. Complaint to a competent supervisory authority
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data.
13. Provision and non-provision of personal data
In principle, you can visit our website without providing any personal information. For this purpose we do not store any personal data. We would like to inform you however, that if you do so, you will not be able to fully use all functions on this website. In order to improve our service, we only evaluate statistical data that does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about your person.
14. Automated decision making
We do not use any processes for automated decision making in the context of our web presence.
15. Change of purpose in the processing of personal data
Where we intend to process the personal data for a purpose other than that for which the personal data was collected, we will inform you of that other purpose prior to the commencement of such processing.
16. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our security and data protection measures as required by legal and/or technical developments. In these cases, we will also adapt our information on data protection accordingly. Please therefore take note of the current version of our data protection declaration.
17. Questions, suggestions and complaints
We are at your disposal at any time to answer questions regarding the processing of your personal data by our organisation. If you have any questions that this data protection declaration could not answer, or if you have any further information, suggestions or complaints, please contact us at e-mail data-protection@yaskawa.eu.com with the reference "to the data protection officer".
Alternatively, you can contact our data protection officer directly if you have any questions regarding data protection. You will find the contact details under point 3 of this data protection declaration.
Your Privacy Options
We use cookies to offer you the best service online, as well.
I do not accept
More information
I accept