http://www.zimmer.com/legal-notice.html
This site uses cookies to make your web experience a great one.Learn More
The cookie settings on this website are currently set to allow certain types of cookies. We do not use cookies for targeted or behavioral advertising on this website. Those cookies that we do use are designed to permit you to use the site functions and browse our site in the way that is favorable to you. If you continue without changing your cookie settings, you consent to that. However, you can change your cookie setting at any time.
Don't Use Cookies
Proceed with Cookies
Cookies Disclosure Statement
Find A Doctor
Investor Relations
Medical Professionals
Search
Search
Menu
Legal Notice
The website is owned and operated by a subsidiary or affiliate of
Zimmer, Inc. (any such subsidiary or affiliate being collectively
referred to as “Zimmer Biomet”).  All content, information and
software provided on and through the website is owned by Zimmer
Biomet.  The website may be used solely under the following terms of use.
Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of these terms
and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms, please
discontinue use of this site.
1. Website License. As a user of this website, you are granted
a nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to access
and use the site and its content in accordance with these Terms of
Use.  Zimmer Biomet may terminate this license at any time for any reason.
2. Limitations on Use. The content of this website is for
personal use only and not for commercial exploitation.  You may use
this site for your own personal use or your organization's internal
use only.  You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, rent,
lease, loan, sell, sublicense, or create derivative works from the
website or the content.  You may not use any network monitoring or
discovery software to determine the site architecture, or extract
information about usage or users.  You may not use any robot, spider,
or other automatic or manual device or process to monitor or copy the
website or the content without Zimmer Biomet's prior written
permission.  You may not print, download, copy, modify, reproduce,
republish, distribute, display, or transmit for commercial, non-profit
or public purposes any portion of the website except to the extent
permitted above.  You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the
website or any portion thereof, the content or any software available
on or through the website in violation of the applicable export
control laws and regulations.  Any unauthorized use of the website or
the content is prohibited and can result in enforcement actions and
other legal consequences against you.
3. Not Professional Advice. The website and its contents do not
constitute medical, legal, or any other type of professional advice.
Please consult with your physician or other healthcare professional
for medical advice.  The accuracy, completeness, adequacy or currency
of the website or the content is not warranted or guaranteed.  Your
use of the content, the website, or materials linked from the website
is at your own risk.
4. Website Users. Certain areas of this website contain
information intended only for physicians and other healthcare
professionals. If you are not a resident from your selected
jurisdiction and not a physician or other healthcare professional, you
should not access the “Medical Professionals” content of the website
as it contains marketing and product materials to which your access
may be restricted under the advertising laws or regulations of your country.
5. Intellectual Property Rights. All content, unless otherwise
indicated, is protected by law including, but not limited to, United
States copyright, trade secret, and trademark law, as well as other
state, national, and international laws and regulations.  Zimmer
Biomet does not grant any express or implied rights to you under any
patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret information.
Accordingly, any unauthorized use of the website or the content may
violate copyright laws, trademark laws, trade secret laws, or laws
relating to privacy and publicity.
By submitting content, ideas or any other type of information to the
website, such as in the form of a suggestion or feedback about our
site or our products, services, you automatically grant Zimmer Biomet
a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and
license to use, reproduce, modify, adopt, publish, edit (for length or
clarity), translate, create derivative works from, distribute,
redistribute, transmit, perform and display such content (in whole or
in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any
form, media or technology now know or later developed for the full
term of any rights that may exist in such content. Of course, Zimmer
Biomet’s re-use of any content submitted would not include any
personal information provided.  Zimmer Biomet reserves the right to
remove any content submitted to the website at any time for any reason.
6. Registration. Certain sections of the website require you to
register in order to receive information about products, services,
systems, programs, and other information relating to Zimmer Biomet.
If registration is requested, you agree to supply Zimmer Biomet with
accurate and complete registration information.  You are responsible
for maintaining the confidentiality of your account login credentials
and/or password, as well as all uses of your account, whether or not
actually or expressly authorized by you.  Zimmer Biomet reserves the
right to refuse registrations or subscriptions.
7. Errors and Corrections. Zimmer Biomet takes reasonable
measures to monitor and update content on the website, but it does not
represent or warrant that the website will at all times be error-free,
free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be
corrected.  Zimmer Biomet also does not warrant or represent that the
content and any information available on or through the website will
at all times be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise
reliable. Zimmer Biomet may make changes to the content or the website
at any time.
8. Availability of Products and Services.  The site contains
information about products that may or may not be available in any
particular country or region of the world, may be available under
different trademarks in different countries and, where applicable, may
be approved or cleared by a government regulatory body for sale or use
with different indications and restrictions in different countries.
Visitors are advised that alternative products and services may be
available from other manufacturers and service providers.
9. Health Care Information.  Every effort has been made to
present health care information on our website in a clear and an
objective manner.  Information related to various health, medical, and
fitness conditions and their treatment is not meant to be a substitute
for the advice provided by a physician or other medical professional.
You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing a
health or fitness problem or disease.  Rather, please consult your
healthcare professional for information on the courses of treatment,
if any, which may be appropriate for you.
10. Third-Party Content. Third-party content may appear on or
be accessible from the website. Zimmer Biomet is not responsible for
and assumes no liability for any third-party content.  Additionally,
this website may provide links or references to other web sites not
affiliated with Zimmer Biomet; however, Zimmer Biomet is not
responsible for the content of such other sites and shall not be
liable for any damages or injury arising from users’ access to such
sites.  Links to other sites are provided only as a convenience to
users of our website.  Zimmer Biomet has used reasonable efforts to
verify that the URLs referring to external web sites are correct as of
the last revision of the Zimmer Biomet website.
11. Disclaimer. The website and the content is provided on an
“as-is” basis. Zimmer Biomet expressly disclaims all warranties,
including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose and non-infringement. Zimmer Biomet disclaims all
responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of
any kind resulting from, arising out of or any way related to: (A) any
errors in or omissions from this website and the content, including
but not limited to technical inaccuracies and typographical errors;
(B) any third-party websites or content therein directly or indirectly
accessed through links in this website, including but not limited to
any errors in or omissions therefrom; (C) the unavailability of the
website or any portion thereof; (D) your use of this website; or (E)
your use of any equipment or software in connection with the website.
12. Limitation of Liability. Zimmer Biomet shall not be liable
for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind
resulting from your use of the website or the content. Zimmer Biomet
shall not be liable for any special,  indirect, incidental, or
consequential damages of any kind whatsoever (including, without
limitation, attorneys’ fees) in any way due to, resulting from, or
arising in connection with the use or inability to use the website or
the content. To the extent the foregoing limitation of liability is
prohibited, Zimmer Biomet’s sole obligation to you for damages shall
be limited to $1,000 USD.
13. Stock Price Disclaimer.  The stock price performance shown
on stock quotes available on or through this website are not
necessarily indicative of future price performance.  All Content is
for informational purposes only and no Content (including, without
limitation, stock quotes or company information) is intended to be
relied on for trading or investment purposes.
14. Unlawful Activity.    You may not use this site for any
unlawful purpose or activity.  Zimmer Biomet reserves the right to
investigate complaints or reported violations of the Terms of Use and
to take any action we deem appropriate.
15. Remedies for Violations. Zimmer Biomet reserves the right
to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of
these Terms of Use, including but not limited to the right to block
access from a particular Internet address to the Zimmer Biomet's
websites and their features.
16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. These Terms of Use have
been made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with
the laws and requirements of the State of Indiana.  Any action to
enforce this agreement shall be brought in the appropriate United
States federal or state courts in Indiana.
17. Privacy. Your use of the website is subject to Zimmer
Biomet's Website Privacy Policy.
18. Severability of Provisions. These Terms of Use incorporate
by reference any notices contained on the website and the Privacy
Policy. These terms constitute the entire agreement between you and
Zimmer Biomet with respect to access to, and use of, the website.  If
any provision of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void or
unenforceable, or conflicts with any other provision of the Terms of
Use then the unlawful, void, unenforceable or conflicting provision
shall be deemed severable from the remaining provisions and shall not
affect their validity and enforceability.
19. Modifications to Terms of Use. Zimmer Biomet reserves the
right to change these Terms of Use at any time.  Updated versions of
the Terms of Use will appear on this website and are effective
immediately.  You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Terms of
Use.  Continued use of the website after any such changes constitutes
your acceptance of such changes.
The content from this website may not be reproduced or transmitted
in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including
facsimile transmission, photocopying, recording, or use of information
storage or retrieval systems, without express written permission from
the copyright owner. Requests for permission or further information
please contact us.
All content herein is protected by copyright, trademarks and other
intellectual property rights, as applicable, owned by or licensed to
Zimmer Biomet or its affiliates unless otherwise indicated, and must
not be redistributed, duplicated or disclosed, in whole or in part,
without the express written consent of Zimmer Biomet.
X
Patients and Caregivers
Medical Professionals
Wearable Technology
Back
Chest
Dental
Elbow
Foot & Ankle
Hip
Knee
Pectus Excavatum
Shoulder
Vascular Compression Therapy
Find A Doctor
Patient Stories
Useful Links
Information and Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Glossary of Terms
Clinical Trials
ASC Solutions
mymobility
OrthoIntel
Robotics Solutions
Zimmer Biomet Link Financial Solutions
Biologics
Bone Healing
Cement
CMF
Dental
Diagnostics
Elbow
Foot & Ankle
Hip Preservation
Hip
Hip & Knee Revision
Knee
Limb Salvage
Patient-Matched Implants
Pharma-ceuticals
Shoulder
Spine
Sports Medicine
Surgical
Thoracic
Trauma
Zimmer Biomet Connect
Products & Devices
Support & Services
Surgical Techniques
Clinical Trials
Medical Education
Corporate
Investors
Careers
Sitemap
United States