http://www.drolet.ca/en/privacy-and-cookie-policies/
Cookies have been set up to optimize your browsing experience and continually improve our website. By clicking on "Got It", you agree to our privacy and cookie policies.
Got it
Privacy and cookie policies
I. PRIVACY POLICY
At Stove Builder International Inc. (SBI), your privacy is of great importance. Therefore, we fully comply with privacy legislation. This means that your data is safe with us and that we always treat your personal data with care. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of Personal Information, as defined below, that SBI collects, uses and discloses.
What is Personal Information?
"Personal Information" is any information that is identifiable, directly or indirectly, with you, as an individual. This information may include, but is not limited, to your name, mailing address, location data, telephone number, email address, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, online identifiers, age, or to one or more specific elements specific to its physical, physiological, economic, cultural or social identity.
How do we collect your Personal Information?
Cookies
Cookies are a packet of data sent by an Internet server to a browser, which is returned by the browser each time it subsequently accesses the same server, used to identify the user or track their access to the server. This technology is meant to collect and track information to improve and analyze our website, products and services, as well as enhance the users’ experience. Please refer to our «Cookie policy» for more information.
Social Media links
Social media cookies and cookies of third parties are placed by various social media websites. If you click a social media button on our website, then a social media cookie is placed. The social media party could recognise your IP-address as soon as you share a part of our website. For example, these websites include buttons to promote or share (“like” “tweet”, "share") the web pages on social networks, such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and YouTube. These buttons operate by means of pieces of code that originate respectively from LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. The cookies are place by means of this code. We have no control over this. Inspect the relevant privacy statements (which could change regularly) to read what these parties do with your data (and personal data) that these parties process via their cookies.
LinkedIn Privacy Policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
YouTube Privacy Policy: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/7671399?p=privacy_guidelines&hl=en
Subscription to newsletter
By subscribing to a newsletter, you allow SBI to use your personal email address to send you information about, for example, upcoming promotions. You can always unsubscribe by clicking on the link available in the bottom of our newsletter.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To enhance your user experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;
To improve our website to better serve you;
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests;
To inform you about relevant or new products or services;
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature;
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products;
To follow up after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
When and how do we obtain your consent?
Your consent is required as soon as you enter the website. By clicking on “I agree”, you accept the use of cookies that may collect some personal data to ensure your visit on our website is optimized. You can also reject our Cookie Policy, which could affect your user experience on the website. See our «Cookie Policy» for more information.
How do we ensure the security of your Personal Information?
SBI takes all steps necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. SBI does not sell, share or transfer your personal information to outside parties. If, however, this was required to improve the website performance, we shall use our best efforts to ensure that they keep your information secure, take all reasonable steps to protect it from misuse and only use it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations. Note that our third parties are bound by the principle of co-responsibility about the processing of personal data. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about how we handle your personal information, then you may contact us.
What are your rights and choices in regards of your Personal Information?
At all times, you are entitled to access your personal data. You have the right to ask SBI to rectify a personal data if a change has been made. You can also request the deletion of your personal data, which is called the right to be forgotten (see Cookie Policy).
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us to:
SBI - Stove Builder International Inc. 250, rue de Copenhague Saint-Augustin-de-Desmaures, Québec G3A 2H3, Canada
T : 418-878-3040E: sales@sbi-international.com                            This policy was last modified on 20/09/18.
II. COOKIE POLICY
Like most companies, Stove Builder International Inc. (SBI) use cookies help us collect information about how our website is used and understand the preferences of the visitors to continually improve your experience, the website in general, as well as our products and services. This means that when you visit our website, cookies or similar technologies will be placed on your computer or other device.
This page describes the use of cookies on our website. Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our cookie practices and let us know if you have any questions by sending us an e-mail or submitting a request through the “Contact Us” form on our website.
What does “cookie” mean?
A cookie is data sent from a website and stored on your computer which allows websites to record your browsing activity and remember information. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer, smartphone or other device when you visit our website. It allows us, or our third-party partners to recognise you and make your visit easier and more useful to you when you revisit our website.
Who is collecting the information?
There are different types of cookies. Some cookies come directly from our website and others come from third parties which place cookies on our site. Cookies can be stored for varying lengths of time on your browser or device. Session cookies are deleted from your computer or device when you close your web-browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer or device until deleted or until they reach their expiry date. SBI will only collect, use or disclose your personal data where it is fair and lawful to do so.
How does SBI use cookies?
Cookies allow us to recognise users (where appropriate), tailor the content on our website to fit the needs of our website's visitors and helps us improve the user experience. Without certain types of cookies enabled, we can't guarantee that the website and your experience of it are as we intended it to be.
We use cookies to obtain information about your visits and about the device you use to access our website.
This includes where available, your IP address and pseudonymous identifiers, operating system and browser type and, depending on the cookie, also includes the reporting of statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns.
What cookies do we use?
- Google Analytics Cookies
The first cookie used allows SBI to identity the type of equipment you are using, such as a computer, a tablet or a cellphone, to optimize the functioning of the website. The information is no longer traceable after the expiration time of 1 minute. The second one helps us identify the type of user. This cookie lasts 24 hours. The last one is a statistical data cookie that retraces information related to your browsing habits on our website. The expiration time is 1 hour. Those cookies are managed by SBI.
- Locally Controlled Cookies
Those cookies retain the information for three months. The data that is collected is mainly related to the country, language, currency and type of browser. We also use applied cookies. The reason behind keeping this information is always related to optimizing the customer experience.
How does SBI deal with transactional data?
Billing information, such as name, address, country, postal/zip code, phone numbers, etc. are kept by SBI through its ERP. Our third-party partners, in this case the website developers, also preserve that information.
In both cases, the preservation of billing information is not managed by cookies. Moreover, because the information has no expiration time, SBI and third-party partners would be obliged to delete data if a consumer requested it. Only an ID, which would be in the form of a code, could be kept retracing a transaction, and all information allowing the personal identification would be deleted.
SBI does not keep any information related to credit cards that would have been used on the website to buy products. SBI has a partnership with Stripe, which is a software platform for online payments used by many Internet businesses around the globe. To have more information about Stripe’s privacy policy and implication toward the GDPR, please visit the following link: https://stripe.com/ca/privacy
How can you reject and delete cookies?
You can choose to reject or block all or specific types of cookies by clicking on the cookie preferences on our website. Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies. Therefore, if you do not wish cookies to be used, you may need to actively delete or block the cookies. If you reject the use of cookies, this may impact your user experience on the website.
For your convenience we’ve provided links to the cookie management page for the most popular web browsers:
Chrome
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Opera
You may also visit www.allaboutcookies.org or www.youronlinechoices.eu for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for further general information on cookies.
By using our website without deleting or rejecting some or all cookies, it is considered that you accept the use of cookies.
This policy was last modified on 20/09/18.