http://www.adeptscience.co.uk/privacy-statement
United Kingdom
Austria
Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
Germany
Greenland
Iceland
Ireland
Latvia
Lithuania
Netherlands
Norway
Sweden
United Kingdom
Home
Products
Bibliography Software
EndNote
Maths and Simulation
Mathcad
MathType
Altair Compose
Altair Activate
Altair Embed
Altair Inspire
Altair Evolve
Scientific Workplace / Notebook / Word
Laboratory Applications
GRAMS/AI
ChemDraw
Qualitative Analysis
NVivo
Data Acquisition
DASYLab
Editors
UltraEdit
Fortran Compilers
Absoft for Linux
Absoft for Mac OS X
Absoft for Windows
Intel Fortran Compilers
Portland PGI
Silverfrost FTN95
Fortran Tools
plusFort with SPAG
Graphics & GUI Tools
GINO Graphics/GUI suite
Intel Product Suites
Intel Parallel Studio XE
Intel System Studio
C/C++ Compilers
Intel C++ Compilers
Libraries
Intel Integrated Performance Primitives (IPP)
Intel Math Kernel Library (MKL)
Intel MPI Library
Intel Threading Building Blocks
Rogue Wave IMSL
Training
EndNote Training
GRAMS Training
Mathcad Training
Applications
Industries
Product Capabilities
Support
Knowledge Base
Downloads
Store
About
About Us
Contact Us
Home › Privacy and Cookie Policy
About Us
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Services
Consultancy
Training
Tech Support
International
United Kingdom
Germany
Denmark
Sweden
Finland
Norway
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Alfasoft Limited, May 10, 2018
Background
We understand that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits our sites and will only collect and use information in ways that is useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and our obligations under the law.
This policy applies to our use of all data collected by us in relation to your use of our sites. Please read this privacy policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. You will be required to read and accept this privacy policy when signing up for an account at our sites. If you do not accept and agree with this privacy policy, you must stop using our sites immediately.
Content
Definitions and interpretation
Information about us.
Scope – What does this policy cover?
What data do we collect?
How do we use your data?
How and where do we store your data?
Do we share your data?
What happens if our business changes hands?
How can you control your data?
Your right to withhold information and your right to withdraw information after you have given it to us
How can you access your data?
Cookies
Summary of your rights under GDPR
Automated decision-making and profiling
Contacting us
Changes to our Privacy Policy
1. Definitions and interpretation
In this policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
Account
An account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of our sites.
Cookie
A small text file placed on your computer or device by our sites when you visit our sites and/or when you use certain features of our sites. Details of the cookies used by our sites are set out in section 12.
Our sites
The websites owned and/or run by the company Alfasoft Limited. These include the main and sub-domains of www.alfasoft.com, www.alfasoft.co.uk, adeptscience.co.uk, and www.endnote.co.uk.
The EU Cookie Law
Means the relevant parts of the privacy and electronic communications (EC Directive) regulations 2003 as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015.
We/Us/Our
Means Alfasoft Limited, a limited company registered in the United Kingdom under organisation number 9384342 whose registered address is A.W. House, 6 – 8 Stuart Street, LUTON LU1 1RS, United Kingdom, and whose main trading address is A.W. House, 6 – 8 Stuart Street, LUTON LU1 1RS, United Kingdom.
2. Information about us
Our sites, www.alfasoft.com, www.alfasoft.co.uk, adeptscience.co.uk, and www.endnote.co.uk, are owned and/or operated by Alfasoft Limited, a limited company registered in the UK under organisation number 9384342 whose registered address is A.W. House, 6 – 8 Stuart Street, LUTON LU1 1RS, United Kingdom, and whose main trading address is A.W. House, 6 – 8 Stuart Street, LUTON LU1 1RS, United Kingdom. Our VAT number is GB212333852.
Our data protection officer is Torgrim Sandvoll who can be contacted at torgrim@alfasoft.com.
We are regulated by the British Data Protection Authority.
3. Scope – What does this policy cover?
This privacy policy applies only to your use of our sites. It does not extend to any websites that are linked to from our sites (whether we provide those links or whether they are shared by other users). We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4. What data do we collect?
Some data will be collected automatically by our sites (for further details, please see section 12 on our use of cookies), other data will only be collected if you voluntarily submit it and consent to us using it for the purposes set out in section 5, for example, when signing up for an account, purchasing or downloading products or services from us, subscribing to our newsletters or answering our surveys, sending emails to us, or calling by phone. We also collect data from the vendors of the products and services we distribute and/or resell, and from private and public directories. Depending upon your use of our sites, we may collect some or all of the following data:
Name
Gender (salutation)
Business/company name
Profession/job title
Contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers
Demographic information such as post code, address, country and/or language
IP address (automatically collected)
Web browser type and version (automatically collected)
Operating system (automatically collected)
A list of URLs (website addresses) starting with a referring site, your activity on our sites, and the site you exit to (automatically collected)
5. How do we use your data?
All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR). For more details on security see section 6, below.
We use your data to provide the best possible products and services to you. This includes:
Providing and managing your account.
Providing and managing your access to our sites.
Personalising and tailoring your experience on our sites.
Managing, supplying and invoicing our products and services to you.
Credit scoring.
Handling complaints and return claims.
Personalising and tailoring our products and services for you.
Responding to communications from you.
Supplying you with email newsletters that you have subscribed to. You may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by unsubscribing or modifying your subscription details.
Market research.
Analysing your use of our sites and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve our sites and your user experience.
In some cases, the collection of data may be a statutory or contractual requirement, and We will be limited in the products and services We can provide you without your consent for Us to be able to use such data.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email, telephone or post with information, news and offers on our products and services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that we fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015.
Under GDPR we will ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights. We will only process your personal data if at least one of the following basis applies:
You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract.
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or of another natural person.
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
6. How and where do we store your data?
We only keep your data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described above in section 5, and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it. In any event, we will conduct an annual review to ascertain whether we need to keep your data. Your data will be deleted if we no longer need it in accordance with the terms of our Data Retention Policy.
Our Data Retention Policies are:
By giving us your consent, we will store your personal data until you withdraw your consent or ask for termination of your account (i.e. by subscribing to one of our newsletters).
If not otherwise noted, we will store your personal data as long as you are a customer of our or have an account on our sites. If your customer relationship or agreement with us terminates we will delete your personal data or anonymise them within 12 months after termination. The exception being transactional data we are obliged by law to keep for bookkeeping purposes.
Credit score information is normally deleted within 3 months after being acquired.
Support cases are normally deleted within 36 months after last contact or update.
The transactional data we are obliged by law to keep for bookkeeping purposes are stored if the law requires this.
Some or all of your data may be stored or transferred outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using our sites and submitting information to us. If we do store or transfer data outside the EEA, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the EEA and under the GDPR. Such steps may include, but not be limited to, the use of legally binding contractual terms between us and any third parties we engage and the use of the EU-approved Model Contractual Arrangements.
Data security is of great importance to us, and to protect your data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected through our sites.
We take appropriate security measures to ensure that all information we handle is protected from unauthorized access. Only employees have access to the information regarding you and their management of the information is strictly regulated.
Notwithstanding the security measures that we take, it is important to remember that the transmission of data via the internet may not be completely secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting personal data to us data via the internet.
7. Do we share your data?
We may share your data with other companies in our group. This includes Alfasoft AS, Alfasoft AB, Alfasoft GmbH and Alfasoft Limited.
We may contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
We may compile statistics about the use of our sites including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying information. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
In certain circumstances we may be legally required to share certain data held by us, which may include your personal information, for example, where we are involved in legal proceedings, where we are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order, or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of us.
We utilize suppliers for several of our products and services. Such suppliers may be developers, software manufacturers, customer support, service technicians, sales agents and resellers. We only share your data with these suppliers if it is absolutely necessary.
Some of our suppliers have parts of their operations in non-EU / EEA countries. One reason for this may be to provide support 24/7. In case we transfer your personal data to suppliers in such a country, we take appropriate measures to safeguard your information.
If you have given your consent, we may, in cases other than those mentioned above, disclose your personal information to related companies and partners.
8. What happens if our business changes hands?
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of our business. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
If any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will be contacted in advance and informed of the changes.
9. How can you control your data?
When you submit information via our sites, you may be given options to restrict our use of your data. We aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails or by managing your account).
10. Your right to withhold information and your right to withdraw information after you have given it to us
You may access certain areas of our sites without providing any data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on our sites you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict your internet browser’s use of cookies. For more information, see section 12 and our Cookie Policy.
You may withdraw your consent for us to use your personal data as set out in section in 5 at any time by contacting us using the details set out in section 15, and we will delete your data from our systems. However, you acknowledge this may limit our ability to provide the best possible products and services to you.
11. How can you access your data?
You have the legal right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by us (where such data is held). Please contact us for more details at info@alfasoft.com, or by using the contact details below in section 15.
12. Cookies
Our sites may place and access certain first-party cookies on your computer or device. First party cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of our sites and to provide and improve our products and services. By using our sites you may also receive certain third-party cookies on your computer or device. Our sites uses analytics services provided by Google and ResearchGate, which also use cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how people use our sites.
13. Summary of your rights under GDPR
Under the GDPR, you have:
The right to request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held
by us.
The right to complain to a supervisory authority.
Be informed of what data processing is taking place.
The right to restrict processing.
The right to data portability.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling (see section 14 below).
To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about our sites or this privacy policy, please contact us using the details set out in section 15 below.
14. Automated decision-making and profiling
In the event that we use personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making and those decisions have a legal (or similarly significant effect) on you, you have the right to challenge to such decisions under GDPR, requesting human intervention, expressing their own point of view, and obtaining an explanation of the decision from us.
The right described in 14.1 does not apply in the following circumstances:
The decision is necessary for the entry into, or performance of, a contract between you and us.
The decision is authorised by law.
You have given your explicit consent.
Where we use your personal data for profiling purposes, the following shall apply:
Clear information explaining the profiling will be provided, including its significance and the likely consequences.
Appropriate mathematical or statistical procedures will be used.
Technical and organisational measures necessary to minimise the risk of errors and to enable such errors to be easily corrected shall be implemented.
All personal data processed for profiling purposes shall be secured in order to prevent discriminatory effects arising out of profiling.
We currently profile your personal data for the following purposes:
To ensure that you receive our emails and newsletters in your local language and/or relevant to the products and services we provide in your country.
Products and services. To ensure that we send you information that is relevant to you and the products and services you have purchased from us.
15. Contacting us
If you have any questions about our sites or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at info@alfasoft.com, by telephone on +44 (0) 203 695 7810, or by post at Alfasoft Limited, A.W. House, 6 – 8 Stuart Street, LUTON LU1 1RS, United Kingdom. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data we hold about you (as described under section 11, above).
16. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on our sites and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of our sites following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
We're here to help
so call us on
+44 (0) 203 695 7810
for general enquiries
email for technical support
UK office:
Monday - Friday
09:00 - 17:00
What do our Customers say about us?
We are at a loss to know how to express our admiration….outstandingly good in respects of all aspects of what is on offer from Adept Scientific.
EW Billington, Wentworth, Cambs, UKThorough knowledge of product and able to answer queries arising during the session. Good pacing of content.
Thank you very much for your efforts and quick reply that saved my week (and work) – I really appreciate this!
DP, London, UKJust would like to express my sincere appreciation to both Adept Scientific UK and Vissim Support team on their swift efficient and friendly responses of my problems. This is by far the best customer services I have received. Thank you.
SQ, Manchester, UK
Alfasoft Products
Bibliography Software
EndNote
Reference Manager
Qualitative Analysis
NVivo
Fortran Compilers
Absoft for Linux
Absoft for Mac OS X
Absoft for Windows
Intel Fortran Compilers
Portland PGI
Silverfrost FTN95
Maths and Simulation
Mathcad
MathType
Altair Compose
Altair Activate
Altair Embed
Altair Inspire
Altair Evolve
Scientific Workplace / Scientific Notebook / Scientific Word
Fortran Tools
plusFort with SPAG
Fortran and C++ Tools
Intel Inspector XE
Intel VTune Amplifier XE
Laboratory Applications
GRAMS/AI
Intel Product Suites
Intel Parallel Studio XE
Intel System Studio
Data Acquisition
DASYLab
C/C++ Compilers
Intel C++ Compilers
Libraries
Intel Integrated Performance Primitives (IPP)
Intel Math Kernel Library (MKL)
Intel MPI Library
Intel Threading Building Blocks
Rogue Wave IMSL
Graphics & GUI Tools
GINO Graphics/GUI suite
Editors
UltraEdit
For the time being we are unable to offer the following product ranges although we are currently working hard to increase the number of products we can offer in the future.
Please contact us to talk about alternative products that we may be able to offer you.
Data Acquisition
ADwin
Delphin
Measurement Computing
WinWedge
Data Visualisation
DADiSP
Origin
Qualitative Analysis
MVSP
ProSuite
QDA Miner
SimStat
WordStat
SPC Software
NWA Focus EMI
Quality Analyst
Quality Analyst Webserver
Quality Information System
SPC (Embedded)
+44 (0) 203 695 7810
General Enquiries
Mon-Fri 10:00-17:00
Training
Events
Press Room
About
Contact Us
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Follow us
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
© 2020 Alfasoft Limited trading as Adept Scientific. A.W. House, 6 - 8 Stuart Street, LU1 2SJ. Luton Bedfordshire. VAT No. 212333852