http://www.melissatash.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to main content
Terms and Conditions
TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THE BELOW TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO THE BELOW TERMS OF USE, EVEN IF YOU HAVE NOT READ THEM. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SPOILED ROTTEN PHOTOGRAPHY MAY UPDATE OR REVISE THE BELOW TERMS OF USE FROM TIME TO TIME AND YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO THE TERMS OF USE THAT ARE POSTED AT THE TIME YOU ARE USING THIS SITE EVEN IF YOU HAVE NOT READ THEM. ACCORDINGLY, YOU SHOULD PERIODICALLY CHECK THESE TERMS OF USE FOR UPDATES OR REVISIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF USE POSTED AT THE TIME YOU INTEND TO ACCESS OR USE THIS SITE, DO NOT ACCESSS THIS SITE OR ANY PAGES THEREOF.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND USE OF INFORMATION
The content and information of this site, including the arrangement and presentation thereof, is protected by copyright laws and is owned by Spoiled Rotten Photography. Unless otherwise noted, the logos, trademarks and service marks displayed on this site are owned by Spoiled Rotten Photography or one of its affiliates and nothing on this site or contained in these terms of use shall be construed in any manner as granting you any license or right to use any such logo, trademark or service mark displayed on this site, without the prior written permission of the owner of the applicable logo, trademark or service mark.
Without Spoiled Rotten Photography ‘s prior written permission, you may not copy, reproduce, publish, distribute, transmit, display, license, sell, create derivative works from, or otherwise exploit the content and information of this site.  Unauthorized use of this site, including without limitation, unauthorized entry into the Spoiled Rotten Photography systems, misuse of passwords or misuse of any information posted on the site is strictly prohibited. In addition, use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction where the use of this site may violate any applicable legal requirements.
NO WARRANTY
The content, information, links and functionality of this site are provided “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including without limitation warranties of non infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus or other harmful components. Without in any way limiting the prior sentence, Spoiled Rotten Photography does not make any representation or warranty that (i) the content and information of this site is accurate, complete or otherwise free from errors and omissions or (ii) the links and other aspects of the site are functional.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Spoiled Rotten Photography will not be liable (whether in an action in negligence, contract or tort or based on a warranty or otherwise), in any event, for any loss, damage, expense, loss of profits, revenue, or loss or inaccuracy of data, or any indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages, even if Spoiled Rotten Photography or its representatives are advised of the possibility of such damages, in connection with (i) your reliance on or use or inability to use the content and information of this site or any linked site or (ii) any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure of this site or any linked site.
LINKS
As you navigate this site, you may click to one or more websites of a Spoiled Rotten Photography affiliate (each an “Affiliate Website”). The Affiliate Websites may have their own terms and conditions and/or online privacy statements or policies. These terms of use (and this site’s privacy policy) will not apply when you move to one of the Affiliate Websites, because the terms and conditions and/or online privacy statements or policies of the Affiliate Websites are tailored to the products, services and location of the applicable Spoiled Rotten Photography affiliate.
In addition, this site may have links to one or more third party websites (each a “Third Party Website”). Spoiled Rotten Photography is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by Third Party Websites. Spoiled Rotten Photography’s privacy policy does not apply to Third Party Websites and these terms of use do not apply to Third Party Websites. Spoiled Rotten Photography does not guaranty, approve or endorse any information, material, services, or products posted or offered at any Third Party Website, nor is Spoiled Rotten Photography liable or otherwise responsible for any failure of products or services offered or advertised at any Third Party Website or any content posted thereon. Spoiled Rotten Photography is providing links to Third Party Websites as a convenience, and your connection to any such Third Party Website is at your own risk and you recognize that Third Party Websites may provide less security than this site. In addition, you should review the privacy statement or policy of any Affiliate Website or Third Party Website before you provide personal or confidential information.
Before creating any type of link to this site, written permission must be granted by Spoiled Rotten Photography. To seek such submission, submit your request via email to info@SpoiledRottenPhotography.com. Spoiled Rotten Photography reserves the right to rescind any permission that it grants and to require termination of any such link, at its sole discretion, at any time.
ADDITIONAL TERMS; PRIVACY POLICY
Certain sections or pages on this site may contain separate terms of use, which are in addition to these terms of use. In the event of a conflict, the separate terms of use will govern for those sections or pages. In addition to these terms of use, your use of this site is also governed by Spoiled Rotten Photography’s privacy policy that is linked on this site.
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
The information, materials, products and services posted or offered within this site are subject to change. Not all products and services are available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products or services is subject to final determination by and approval of Spoiled Rotten Photography and/or its affiliates. If you purchase portraits from us, we hope they bring you joy for many years to come.  Our portraits are printed on professional photographic paper and the colors will stay vibrant and true.  All 11×14 and larger wall portraits are coated with a UV protective spray; however, we do not recommend displaying any portraits in direct sunlight.  We also do not recommend placing your portrait in a high humidity environment (such as a bathroom).  Please frame without glass or make certain the print does not touch the glass (use an acid free mat or spacers).  This ensures your portrait can “breathe” and never sticks to the glass.  If storing your portraits in albums, make sure they are ‘archival’ quality and have acid-free pages.  Use photo corners to place prints in albums, do not use glue or plastic overlays.  Certain glues may degrade the integrity and quality of your prints.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
We hope you hang your portraits on your walls, fill your photo albums, and enjoy your images forever!  While you own the prints, the US Copyright Act gives Spoiled Rotten Photography the exclusive copyright to the images.  This means that you do not have the right to copy, scan or reproduce your portraits in any form.  If you have copyright needs or questions, please let us know — reasonable requests may be accommodated.  Please respect our copyright and our livelihood.
DIGITAL FILES
If you purchase digital images, you may print the images up to the size noted on your print release (up to 5×7 inches on small resolution files and up to 16×20 inches on full resolution files).  You may also post these images on-line and share them by email or other social media.  You are free to use these images in card templates or other photo merchandise as long as it does not exceed size limitations.  You do not have the right to sell the images for commercial or other purposes.  Digital media degrades over time – be sure to make multiple copies of your files and back them up to multiple drives for safekeeping.
SHIPPING POLICY
Most customers prefer we deliver their portraits directly to their children’s school at no additional cost.  Customers who prefer home shipping may purchase this option at check-out for an additional fee.  Portrait orders will be shipped from our studios on the same day they are delivered to the school.  All shipped orders will be delivered by the U.S. Postal Service, using first class mail.  If you prefer express shipping, or an alternate carrier, you must contact us prior to completing your order.
GOVERNING LAW
Use of this site is governed by the laws of the State of Alabama and applicable Federal laws of the United States. Users of this site hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts, tribunals, agencies and other dispute resolution organizations in Huntsville, Alabama, USA, in all disputes arising out of or relating to use of this site or these terms of use.
REFUND POLICY
If you are not 100% satisfied with any purchase from Spoiled Rotten Photography, we will gladly refund your payment!
OUR BOTTOM LINE
We love children!  We love photography!  We love our customers!  We want you to be absolutely thrilled with your portraits from Spoiled Rotten Photography!  If you are not completely satisfied with our service, our products, our attitude, or anything else about us, please let us know!  We will make it right!