http://www.disputesuite.com/legal-privacy.html
Credit Repair Software Start a Credit Repair Business
DisputeSuite Credit Repair Software
Blog
FAQ
About Us
Contact Us
1-727-842-9999
FeaturesTourCredit Repair StoreClientsOutsourcingPricingTestimonial
DisputeSuite.com Privacy Policy
DisputeSuite.com has created this privacy statement ("Statement") in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the DisputeSuite.com Website (the "Website") is of great importance to us.
Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of the change at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.
Collected Information
DisputeSuite.com requires customers who register to use the services offered on the www.disputesuite.com Website (collectively, the "Service") to give us contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, and financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of users within the organization that will be using the Service. At the time you express interest in obtaining additional information about the Service, or when you register for the Service, we may also ask for additional personal information, such as title, department name, fax number, or additional company information, such as annual revenues, number of employees, or industry. Customers can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked. Customers can update or remove their personal information at any time by logging into the Website and editing their personal information within their account setup option. Customers can view their updated profile to confirm their edits have been saved.
DisputeSuite.com uses the information that we collect to set up the Service for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the information to contact customers to further discuss customer interest in our company, the Service that we provide, and to send information regarding our company, such as promotions and events. Customers are invited to receive an email newsletter by providing an email address. Customer email addresses will not be distributed or shared with third parties. Customers can opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by sending an email to support@disputesuite.com. Separately, customers are also asked to provide an email address when registering for the Service, in order to receive a username and password. We may also email information regarding updates to the Service or DisputeSuite.com, and will send a Customer Newsletter. Again, Customers' emails will not be distributed or shared with third parties and Customers can opt out of receiving any communication by emailing support@disputesuite.com at the time it is distributed, or at the time any Customer registers for the Service.
Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for in the DisputeSuite.com End-User Agreement f, we do not disclose to third parties the information provided. All financial and billing information that we collect through the Website is used solely to check the qualifications of prospective customers and to bill for the Service. This billing information is not used by DisputeSuite.com for marketing or promotional purposes. DisputeSuite.com uses a third-party intermediary to manage the credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of credit card processing. Other third parties, such as content providers, may provide content on the Website but they are not permitted to collect any information nor does DisputeSuite.com share user information with these parties.
Customers of the Service will be using the Website to host data and information ("Data"). DisputeSuite.com will not share, distribute, print, or reference any such Data except as requested, as provided in the DisputeSuite.com End-User Agreement f, or as may be required by law. Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, or suspected violation of the End-User Agreement f, or as may be required by law. Of course, customers are responsible at all times for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user registration and password.
DisputeSuite.com may also collect certain information from visitors to and customers of the Site, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and may provide such information to third parties.
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend or affiliate about our site, we ask them for their name and email address. DisputeSuite.com will automatically send that person a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. DisputeSuite.com does not store this information.
Cookies
When you interact with the DisputeSuite.com Website we strive to make that experience easy and meaningful. When you come to our Web site, our Web server sends a cookie to your computer. Cookies are files that Web browsers place on a computer's hard drive and are used to tell us whether customers and visitors have visited the Site previously and to help us navigate and to help them navigate and use the Website.
Standing alone, cookies do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to DisputeSuite.com, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or registering for a 30-day free trial, you remain anonymous to DisputeSuite.com. Cookies are two types: session and persistent based. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you've closed your browser or turned off your computer. They include such information as a unique identifier for your browser.
DisputeSuite.com uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the system to uniquely identify you while you are logged in. This information allows DisputeSuite.com to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies help us make sure you are who you say you are after you've logged in and are required in order to use the DisputeSuite.com application. DisputeSuite.com uses persistent cookies, that only DisputeSuite.com can read and use, to identify the fact that you are a DisputeSuite.com customer or prior DisputeSuite.com Website visitor (whatever the case may be). We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. We do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies. Users who disable their Web browsers' ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our Website but will not be able to successfully use our Service.
Third Party Cookies:
We may from time to time engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from visitors to our website to help us administer our website and improve its quality. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual website visitors to any personally identifiable information. All data collected by such third parties on behalf of DisputeSuite.com is used only to provide us with information on site usage and is not shared with any other third parties.
Security:
Our Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Data under our control. When our Site is accessed using Netscape Navigator, or Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 5.5 or higher, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that Data is safe, secure, and available only to you. DisputeSuite.com also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and hosts the Site in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Finally, DisputeSuite.com provides unique user names and passwords that must be entered each time a customer logs on. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain Data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of Data.
Opt-Out Policy:
DisputeSuite.com offers its visitors and customers a means to choose how we may use information provided. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering the Service, you change your mind about receiving information from us or about sharing your information with third parties, send us a request specifying your new choice. Simply send your request to support@disputesuite.com.
Correcting & Updating Your Information:
If customers need to update or change registration information they may do so by editing the user or organization record. To update a User Profile, log on to DisputeSuite.com and update information. To update organization's data, log on to www.disputesuite.com and select the administrative setup function. To update billing information please email support@disputesuite.com or call 1-877-90-SUITE (78483). To discontinue the Service and to have data returned, email support@disputesuite.com or call 1-877-90-SUITE (78483). DisputeSuite.com will respond to your correction or update request within at most 30 days from the date of your request.
Additional Information:
Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Site should be directed to DisputeSuite.com's Security Administrator by e-mailing such questions to support@disputesuite.com or by regular mail addressed to:
DisputeSuite.com, LLC
Attn: Security Administrator
4644 W. Gandy Blvd., Suite 4-117,
Tampa, FL 33611.
Credit Repair Software Features
Credit Repair Customer Management
Credit Report Management
Customer Status Portal
Affiliate Portal
Dispute Letter Generation
Dispute Letter Management
Dispute Letter Library & Editor
Web-Based Delivery
Email Marketing Automation
Affiliate Management
Automated Billing and Invoicing
Credit Repair Software Articles
Start Credit Repair Business and Increase Your Income
How to Start a Credit Repair Business
Professional Credit Repair Software
Start Credit Repair Business
Credit Repair Home Based Business
Credit Repair Business Software
Credit Repair Business Opportunity
Credit Repair Marketing
Starting a Credit Repair Business
Benefits of Credit Repair Business
DisputeSuite Press Room
Credit Repair Business Problems Are Solved
Credit Repair Businesses are no Longer Forced Into Using Inefficient Over-Priced Professional Credit Repair Software
Credit Repair Businesses Instantly Increase Efficiency and Profits with DisputeSuite
Advance Credit Repair Software Transforms the Credit Repair Business
DisputeSuite credit repair software is perfect for Mortgage Brokers
New Computer software revolutionizes the Credit Repair Industry
DisputeSuite Company
Contact Us
Product FAQ
About the DisputeSuite Team
Support Center
Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Earnings Disclaimer
Resources
Credit Dispute Letters
Credit Repair Business Training Course
QUESTIONS?
EMAIL OR GIVE US A CALL
1-877-907-8483
© Copyright 2007 DisputeSuite.com, LLC.
DisputeSuite is a federally registered
trademark. All rights reserved
Credit Repair Software
Additionally, paste this code immediately after
the opening
tag: