http://www.promotional-product.co.uk/privacy-policy
Your Basket
0 items £0.00
Your Account
My Account
Call us on 0845 850 9827
Home
Shop By Categories
Writing
Highlighters
Paper Products
Pens & Pencils
Keyrings & Usbs
Usb Products
Key Rings
Drinking
Mugs & Bottles
Bags & Brollys
Umbrellas
Bags
Office Products
Desk & Office
Eco Products
Folders
Gifts
Toys & Games
Travel
Novelty
Lifestyle
Other
Corporate Gifts
Packaging
About
About Us
Contact Us
Any category
Bags & Brollys
Drinking
Gifts
Keyrings & Usbs
Office Products
Writing
Any price
£0.99 - £1.49
£1.50 - £1.99
£2.00 - £2.49
£2.50 - £2.99
£3.00 - £4.99
£5.00 - £6.99
£7.00 - £9.99
£10.00 - £14.99
£15.00 - £19.99
£20.00 - £26.99
£27.00 - £34.99
£35.00 - £44.99
£45.00 - £54.99
£55.00 - £69.99
£70.00 - £100.00
Home > Privacy Policy
& Conditions
Privacy Policy and Website usage Terms & Conditions
USE OF THIS WEBSITE
Agreement between you the 'User' and http://www.promotional-product.co.uk/:
This Website is offered as a free service. Your use of this Website and/or your acceptance without modification of the Terms and Conditions contained herein constitutes your agreement to all such Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions then you are not authorised to use this Website and should immediately desist from further unauthorised use of this Website (we suggest you close your browser to ensure all information has been cleared from your PC; we do not use cookies or any other device to store any information on a user's computer other than the browser's memory). We reserve the right to modify, alter, or otherwise update these Terms and Conditions at any time and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates.
Third-Party Websites/Linked Websites:
We may provide links to Websites maintained by others (‘Third-Party Websites’). We have not reviewed all of the Third-Party Websites thusly linked to our Website and are not responsible for the contents of or any products or services offered in such Third-Party Websites.
Personal and Non-Commercial Use Limitation:
This Website has been provided for personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, products or services obtained from information derived from this Website.
Disclaimer:
This Website is provided for information only. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any form of damages whatsoever resulting from the use (or misuse) of information contained in or implied by the information on this site, and as such are not responsible for the consequences resulting from the use of such information.
PRIVACY POLICY
You can discuss our privacy policy with our Data Protection Officer via email at sales@promotional-product.co.uk. If you believe you have received unsolicited email from our organisation then please send your complaint to our Data Protection Officer along with a copy of the unsolicited email and we will do everything we can to ensure that this does not happen again.
We do not automatically collect any information about users of this website. We do collect information about users who choose to voluntarily communicate with us through email or via submission of our contact pages or enquiry form. We also collate general aggregate information about use of the website for statistical purposes.
Upon written request we will provide all information held about a specific user; however, proof of identity will be required before we provide that information.
If you provide information to us via our contact forms you will only receive a response to your reasons for contact, we will not contact you for any other reason. However, if we feel we have an offer or new service relating to your specific enquiry we may contact you again in the future. If you do not wish to be contacted in this way, please let us know by sending a brief email to our Data Protection Officer. We will not pass your information to a third party unless otherwise requested by yourself.
We reserve the right to change the wording of this policy at any time. If we feel it is appropriate to change this policy we will notify users of this website by posting the new wording on this web page.
40 Group Ltd
40 Group Ltd
Sully Moors Road Sully Vale Of GlamorganCF64 5RP
Call: 0845 850 9827
Email: sales@promotional-product.co.uk
Powered By:
Terms |
Privacy Policy |
Cookies Policy |
About Us |
Contact Us |
Site Map
Copyright © 2020 40 Group Ltd
Ecommerce Website Development by Designer Websites Ltd