http://www.auxel.com/en/legal-information
Skip to main content
Latest News
COVID-19 - Amphenol Auxel update
New factory at Bangalore India
All news
Home > Legal information Legal information
CORPORATE INFORMATION
You are connected to the www.auxel.com website.Amphenol AUXEL has designed this website for your information.
Registered company name:AUXEL sasZone Industrielle Rue de la BarreFR-59147 GONDECOURT, FRANCETel: 00 333 20 62 95 20Fax: 00 333 20 32 40 17Web: www.auxel.comE-mail: contact@auxelftg.com
Public Company with Board of Directors and Supervisory Board with 600 000 € Capital. RCS Lille B 382 706 448Managing Directors: Vincent Hage
Web agency :MENTAL WORKS (design and development)Rond Point Jean MonnetRue Robert SchumannBP 70454FR-60204 Compiègne cedexTel: 00 333 44 86 22 55Fax: 00 333 44 86 22 77Agence Web : www.mentalworks.fr
Hosting :OVH.com
EDITORIAL CHARTER
The www.auxel.com website aims to present Amphenol AUXEL solutions, activities, products & services.The details shown are for information only.
PERSONAL DATA
Protecting the security and privacy of your personal data is important to Amphenol AUXEL. Therefore, we conduct our business in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy protection and data security. Your data will be stored and kept confidential by AUXEL.
In accordance with the French Data Protection Act n° 78-17 of 6 January 1978, you have a right to access, rectify and delete the personal information about you by contacting us at the following postal address:AUXEL sasZone Industrielle Rue de la Barre59147 GONDECOURT, FRANCE
HYPERTEXT LINKS
The creation of hypertext links to our website is subject to the prior agreement of the Publication Director. Amphenol AUXEL website contains links to other websites but is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites.
TECHNICAL INFORMATIONS
The user shall, for their protection, take the necessary steps to ensure appropriate security measures and shall utilise Antivirus Software.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The brand names and logos are the property of Amphenol AUXEL. Photographs, drawings, articles and other information are protected by Copyright Legislation. Information, brand names and other content on the Amphenol AUXEL Website may not be changed, copied, reproduced, sold, rented, used, supplemented, translated in whole or in part or otherwise used in any other way without the prior written permission of Amphenol AUXEL. Information and other contents on the Amphenol AUXEL Website are to be used as a rough guide and may be modified from time to time without advance notice.
As a consequence, Amphenol AUXEL disclaims all responsibility:- for the inaccuracy or absence of any information- for direct or indirect harm of any sort, in particular, material harm, loss of data or programs,  financial loss, which results from the use of this website.- for use of the information contained in its website
Amphenol AUXEL is not contractually bound by the information contained on its site.
Home
AboutA Global Company
Activities
Technological expertise
Culture and Values
CSR Policy
Amphenol Corporate
Careers
Platforms and partnerships with laboratories
SolutionsOptimizing interconnections
Markets
Equipment
Products & servicesThe complete range
Auxel Laminated Busbars
Auxel Plug & Connect
Auxel Optima
Auxel Custom Services
Auxel Power Distribution
InformationLatest news
Agenda
Download center
ContactsWorldwide Offices
© Amphenol AUXEL, All Rights Reserved 2020
- Legal informationSee also: Amphenol AUXEL FTG | Amphenol-GIS