http://www.ampm.com/legal
Skip Navigation
COVID-19: How we're working to protect you. Learn more about what we’re doing and store closure updates.
COVID-19: Learn about what we're doing and ampm closures
LEGAL
Click on the link in the footer of this page to read our Privacy Statement.
The following sets out the conditions of use of the web pages at www.ampm.com
Unless specified otherwise, references in these pages to "BP" and the "BP Group" shall mean BP Products North America/BPPNA and its subsidiaries and affiliates. These pages are specifically the responsibility of BPPNA Inc., 4 Centerpointe Drive, La Palma, CA 90623, USA and where appropriate references to BP or to BP p.l.c. therein should be read as references to BPPNA.
Our liability to you
The information contained on these web pages is not comprehensive. Despite BPPNA™'s efforts, the information may not be accurate, up to date, or applicable to the circumstances of any particular case. Information on these pages is provided without warranty. BPPNA disclaims any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, as to any matter relating to this web site, including without limitation warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose. BPPNA disclaims liability for any inaccuracies or omissions (other than for fraudulent misrepresentation) on these web pages and any decisions you make based on information contained in these web pages are your sole responsibility. BPPNA and its subsidiaries further disclaim liability for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or other losses or damages of whatsoever kind arising out of access to, or the use of these web pages or any information contained in them. BPPNA's liability is limited to the maximum extent permissible by law. (1) With respect to U.K. residents, save in respect to the Investor Centre, and (2) with respect to U.S. residents, no information contained on these web pages constitutes or would be deemed to constitute an invitation or inducement to invest or otherwise deal in the shares or ADRs of BP or an invitation or inducement by or on behalf of BP or any of its subsidiaries to enter into a contract with you. Other than in respect of personal information, which will be treated in accordance with the BPPNA's Privacy Statement that is linked to below, if you provide information to us, you agree that we have unlimited rights to such information and that we may use such information in any way we choose. Such information will be deemed to be non-confidential.
Copyright
The copyright in the contents and any downloads from these web pages are owned by BPPNA, a member of the BP Group of companies, or its affiliates unless otherwise stated. All rights reserved. BPPNA, 4 Centerpointe Drive, La Palma, CA 90623.
You are responsible for obeying all applicable copyright laws. We permit you to make copies of these web pages as necessary incidental acts during your viewing of it; and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the site as is reasonable for private purposes. All other use is strictly prohibited. You may not frame this site or link to a page other than the home page without our express permission.
Ownership of trademarks
BP, the BP Shield and BP Helios are trademarks of BP p.l.c., the Amoco Torch and Oval device is a trademark of BP Products North America Inc., Castrol and the Castrol logo are trademarks of Castrol Limited, the Burmah logo is a trademark of BP p.l.c., ampm and the ampm logo are trademarks of Atlantic Richfield Company.
ARCO and the ARCO Spark are trademarks of Tesoro Refining & Marketing Company LLC. and are used under license by BP Products North America.
Investor Centre
The information on the Investor Centre has been approved for the purposes of S21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 by Cazenove & Co. Ltd, which is regulated by the Financial Services Authority and is a member firm of the London Stock Exchange.
The price of shares and the income derived from them can go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amount originally invested. Investors should be aware that past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance.
The information contained in this document concerning taxation is based on BP's understanding of legislation and practice in effect at the time the information was produced. That information may no longer be accurate because of subsequent changes in legislation or changes in interpretation or practice or because the levels or bases of taxation have changed. An investment in BP shares may not be suitable for all investors. You should take independent financial advice before making any investment decision.
Cazenove & Co. Ltd has not reviewed or approved any information contained in any website accessed through a hyperlink from the BP website including the Equity Development research reports, and Cazenove & Co. Ltd accepts no liability for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or other losses or damages of whatsoever kind arising out of access to, or use of, any hyperlinked website, the Equity Development research reports or any information contained therein.
None of the services or investments referred to on this site are available or appropriate for sale or use in any jurisdiction where such activity is prohibited. Any persons resident outside the United Kingdom who access this site must first satisfy themselves that they are not subject to any local requirements which prohibit or restrict them from doing so.
Cazenove & Co. Ltd act as broker to BP p.l.c.
Cazenove & Co. Ltd
12 Tokenhouse Yard
London
EC2R 7AN
Use of any Hyperlink
Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are responsible for the content of any other website, including any website through which you may have gained access to our website or to which you may gain access from our website. We do not accept any liability in connection with any such sites or links. Where we provide a hyperlink to a third party's website, we do so because we believe in good faith that such a website contains or may contain material which is relevant to that on our website. Such a hyperlink does not signify that BPPNA or its affiliates or subsidiaries have reviewed or approve of the connected third party's website or its contents - indeed in certain instances a hyperlink may connect you to a third party's website containing views contradictory to those expressed on our website or otherwise held by BPPNA and its affiliates or subsidiaries.
What law governs this website?
Your use of these web pages and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms and conditions, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. The State of Illinois will have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of these web pages.
In the event that any or any part of the terms contained in these terms and conditions shall be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
We are, of course, happy to discuss with you the implications of any issue raised in this Legal Notice if you e-mail us at Webassure@bp.com.
Notice for California Users
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Services are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California 95814, or by telephone at 916.445.1254 or 800.952.5210.
SCRATCH POWER
We know you like free stuff. Download now for your chance to win thousands of incredible prizes.
Learn More
Get the Scratch Power App
Store locator
Get these offers at your nearest ampm
ZIP Code or City, State
Invalid Address or Zip
Use My Location
Enter your search term and hit enter to search the site or hit escape key to close
May We Suggest?
21+ Products
Alcohol and other tobacco products
Offers
The latest deals and offers just for you
Scratch Power
The app that could win you incredible prizes
LOOKING FOR A STORE?
SEARCH HERE INSTEAD
Use My Location
Cookie Notification
We have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise, we’ll assume you’re OK to continue.