http://www.finlays.net/legal/
Skip to content
Finlays  /  Legal
Legal
Disclaimer
The material contained in this website has been prepared by James Finlay Limited, on the basis of the most current information available to it. The company believes, to the best of its knowledge, that all information given is reliable, but makes no guarantee of its accuracy.James Finlay Limited and the companies and individuals represented in this website are not responsible for any errors or omissions contained in this website, and reserve the right to make changes without notice. The said parties take no responsibility in respect of any use or reference to this website or the information contained in it, and are not liable in any event for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to this website or the information it contains.Users of this website should not take any of the information in this website as being advice or recommendation, and should not rely on the information in this website for any purposes.No user of this website may distribute, modify, transmit, or use the contents of this website in any manner for public or commercial purposes without written permission from James Finlay Limited. All materials and information in this website may be down-loaded for non-commercial or personal use only. Under no circumstances should the use of this website be construed as granting a licence or right to use any of the intellectual property rights displayed in this website, without the written permission of James Finlay Limited.
Legal Information
James Finlay LimitedRegistered in ScotlandNo SC7139
Registered Office
163 West George StreetGlasgow G2 2JJ
Your PrivacyWe use cookies to improve your experience on our site, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. Read MoreMY OPTIONSACCEPT & CONTINUEPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
CookieDescriptionPHPSESSIDThis cookie is native to PHP applications. The cookie is used to store and identify a users' unique session ID for the purpose of managing user session on the website. The cookie is a session cookies and is deleted when all the browser windows are closed.viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Analytics
analytics
Analytics cookies help us understand how our visitors interact with the website. It helps us understand the number of visitors, where the visitors are coming from, and the pages they navigate. The cookies collect this data and are reported anonymously.
CookieDescription_gat_gtagIdentification code of website for tracking visits._gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
Save & Accept