https://www.e-reward.co.uk/terms-conditions
E-rewards - Homepage
Toggle navigation
Cart
(0) £0.00
Continue Browsing
Proceed
Login/Register
About Us
Advertising
News
Contact
Homepage
Education
Events
Research
Resources
Executive Pay
Show Menu
Terms & Conditions
Important announcement for GRP students
NO MORE CLASSROOM CLASSES FOR THE NEXT FEW MONTHS. ALL E-REWARD GRP COURSES ARE NOW CONTACTLESS AND VIRTUAL. ATTEND FROM YOUR HOME OR ANY LOCATION.The coronavirus is disrupting everything – but this doesn't mean you want to put your career on hold by stopping your learning and training.
Whether your office is closed or you're planning for potential closure, we stand ready to help with ALL GRP courses now available as live
stream courses. You can participate for the entire GRP course via our streaming platform. On top of that, we’ll provide you with individual tuition – hour-long, one-to-one online tutorials with Alan Gibbons. Exams will be taken online. Book your next GRP course as usual and full log on and joining instructions will be provided shortly for the class(es) that you have registered to attend. You will receive by email an electronic copy of the course book (PDF) so that you can print it out and follow the streamed course, exactly as you would if you were live in the classroom. No expensive tiring travel, no crowds, no hotel rooms. Just provide your own hand sanitizer! We guarantee you will have a will have a superb learning experience – if you don’t we will offer you a full refund.
Get in touch
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
This page contains important information about our Terms and Conditions. Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using our site or making a booking for any Courses, Events and Research Publications from our site. You should understand that by booking any of our Courses, Events and Research Publications made available by E-reward.co.uk Ltd, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.1. Terms and Conditions for use of this Web Site
2. Terms and Conditions for E-reward.co.uk Courses
3. Terms and Conditions for E-reward.co.uk Events
4. Terms and Conditions for E-reward.co.uk Research Publications
1. WEB SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONSYOUR USE OF THIS WEB SITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.This web site, including all its features and content (the 'Web Site') is a service made available by E-reward.co.uk Ltd ('Provider'), and all content, information, services and software ordered or provided on or through this Web Site ('Content') may be used solely under the following terms and conditions ('Terms of Use').
CopyrightCopyright E-reward.co.uk Limited. All rights reserved. The Content on this Web Site is copyright and owned by E-reward.co.uk Limited. You may view the Content for information purposes only.
You may print and store to your hard disk one copy of the Content. No part of this Web Site may be reproduced, stored in an information storage and retrieval system or transmitted in any form, or by any means, electronic, mechanical or otherwise, without the permission of Provider. Any request for permission or enquiries relating to these Terms of Use should be directed in writing to Provider via email (to paul@e-reward.co.uk).
Information, products, processes and technologies described on this Web Site may be subject to other intellectual property rights. These rights are reserved by Provider or other owners thereof.
Acceptance of terms of useTo access certain sections of the Web Site you need to sign on as a member. By registering, these Terms of Use will govern your use of the Web Site. You are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not register. Provider shall not be liable to you for any breach of these terms.
Provider reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use from time to time. These changes will be clearly advertised on the Web Site. If you do not agree to these changes in the Terms of Use as they may occur, please arrange to terminate your membership immediately. Your continued use after changes are posted will signify your acceptance of this agreement as modified by those changes.
Membership informationWhen you register (free of charge) on the Web Site, you will be required to provide information such as your name, email address, postal address, organisation, job title, size of your organisation and industry.
During the registration and ordering process you must give Provider accurate and complete registration information.
Permission to access the Web Site and its Content is personal to you and you may not let any other person (including multiple users on a network) access the site using your user name and password without the express written permission of Provider. If you believe there has been unauthorised use, you must notify Provider immediately by emailing paul@e-reward.co.uk.
LiabilityContent is of a general nature only and does not address particular circumstances or requirements. It is provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis without any warranty, condition or representation of any kind, whether express or implied.
Content does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation by Provider and you should not rely on the Content in making or refraining from making any decisions, legal or otherwise. Suitable professional advice should always be taken in relation to any particular circumstances.
In no event will Provider be liable for any indirect, special or consequential loss arising out of the use or misuse of this Content.
You understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this Web Site is at your own discretion and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. Whilst Provider runs anti-virus software, you are solely responsible for ensuring that any email or attachment you receive from Provider is virus free. Provider disclaims any liability for any damage you suffer as a consequence of receiving any virus.
You agree to indemnify Provider and not to hold it liable in any way for the results of any action you make take based on Web site and Content. You understand and agree Provider does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the Content. Provider is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of Content.
Third-party servicesThis Web Site may contain advertising and sponsorship. You may order services or merchandise through Web Site. All matters concerning the merchandise and services desired from seller, including but not limited to purchase terms, payment terms, warranties, guarantees, maintenance and delivery, are solely between you and seller. Provider makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any goods or services provided by sellers. You will not consider Provider nor will Provider be construed as a party to such transactions, whether or not Provider may have received some form of revenue or other remuneration in connection with the transaction or be liable for any costs or damages arising out of, either directly or indirectly, you or any other person involved or related to the transaction.
Links and other references to outside informationThe Web Site and Content contains links and other references to information at other web sites, other organisations, and other third parties. Provider is not responsible for either the content or privacy practices of those web sites. Provider does not control or guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of this outside information. Further, the inclusion of pointers to particular items in hypertext is not intended to reflect their importance, nor is it intended to endorse any views expressed or products or services offered by the author of the reference or the organisation operating the server on which the reference is maintained.
TerminationPermission to access the Web Site and Content is granted at the sole discretion of Provider and such permission may be withdrawn at any time without notice. If your subscription to Content is terminated, you will be entitled to receive a part-refund of your annual subscription fee equal to the proportion of your year's subscription unused by you at the time of termination (unless your use is terminated because you are in breach of these Terms of Use).
Under 16 years of ageIf you are under 16 years of age and want to become a Member, you must obtain a parent or guardian's permission before registering on our website. You may also discuss these terms with them before obtaining their permission.
Jurisdiction and applicable lawThese Terms of Use are governed by and will be interpreted in accordance with English law.
The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any claim or dispute which may arise out of or in connection with these Terms of Use.
2. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR E-REWARD.CO.UK COURSESTHE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO THE DELIVERY OF EDUCATION COURSES BY E-REWARD.CO.UK LTD (INCLUDING MASTERING REWARD COURSES; WORLDATWORK GLOBAL REMUNERATION PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION [GRP] COURSES AND EXAMINATIONS [PROGRAM]; IN-HOUSE AND CUSTOMISED TRAINING COURSES).These terms and conditions apply between the person, firm, company or other entity specified on your booking form and E-reward.co.uk Ltd (company number: 4281768). Registered in England and Wales. Registered office 33 Denby Lane, Heaton Chapel, Stockport, Cheshire SK4 2RA, United Kingdom for delegate registrations for the course (including Mastering Reward courses, GRP courses with exam and in-house training courses) specified on your booking form (‘Course’).
Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they contain important information.
By submitting your registration to attend the Course you agree to be bound by these terms to the exclusion of all other terms. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms E-reward.co.uk Ltd will be unable to accept your registration.
PaymentYou will pay E-reward.co.uk Ltd any fees specified in your booking form for the Course. Payment to E-reward.co.uk Ltd in GBP British Pounds is by BACS, wire transfer, cheque or credit card. It is a condition of booking that payment must be received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd before the start of the Course or no later than 30 days from the date of invoice, whichever is sooner.
If payment of your fees in full is not received before the Course, E-reward.co.uk Ltd may (at its sole discretion) either require such payment as a condition of your entry to the Course or refuse you entry to the Course.
Prices for each Course, where applicable, are correct at the time of publication. We reserve the right to change the prices at any time but changes will not affect registrations which have already been confirmed by E-reward.co.uk Ltd.
Each ticket covers attendance for one person only for the duration of the Course, and includes coffees, teas and light snacks during the lunch hour, as well as course materials.
All bookings are subject to value added tax (VAT) at 20%. You shall, on receipt of a VAT invoice from E-reward.co.uk Ltd, pay to E-reward.co.uk Ltd such additional amounts in respect of VAT as are chargeable on the supply of the Course.
Late paymentsWe understand and will exercise our statutory right to interest and compensation for debt recovery costs under the late payment legislation if we are not paid according to agreed credit terms. Under the Late Payment of Commercial Debts [Interest] Act 1998 – as amended and supplemented by the Late Payment of Commercial Debts Regulations 2002 (to incorporate the features of European Directive 2000/35/EC) – we are entitled to charge:
Debt recovery costs – £40 on debt up to £999.99; £70 on debt between £1,000 and £9,999.99.
Statutory interest – 8% above the Bank of England reference rate (fixed for the six month period within which date the invoices became overdue).
Delegate cancellationsDelegates who advise E-reward.co.uk Ltd of their cancellation in writing via email (to paul@e-reward.co.uk) 30 calendar days or more before the start of the Course will have their fees refunded – less an administration charge of 20% of the Course fees.
No refund will be made for cancellations received less than 30
calendar days before the start of the Course. Failure to attend the
Course will be subject to the same terms.
You will not have any right to cancel a Contract for the booking of any customised/in-house training courses.
Delegate transfersTransfers may be made to any other Course in the UK organised by E-reward.co.uk Ltd
subject to space availability. All transfer requests must be made in
writing via email (to paul@e-reward.co.uk) 30 calendar days or more
before the start of the Course. There will be no fee charged for such
transfers. One free transfer can be made for each course booking after
which there will be a £100 administration charge for each further
request.Please note:
We are unable to accept any transfer requests received less than 30
calendar days before the start of the course and no refunds will be
made.Substitutions with
employees from your organisation are welcome at any time at no extra
charge. You must email any substitutions (to paul@e-reward.co.uk) prior
to the date of the Course.Joining instructionsFinal Course details will be emailed to delegates at least three weeks before the Course.Course documentationYou
will receive your course materials by post (First Class, Standard
delivery) ahead of the Course. Participants registering 0-14 days before
the start of the Course will receive their course materials on arrival
for registration on Day one of the Course.Hotel accommodationDelegates are responsible for their own accommodation. Course cancellations and amendmentsThe Course programme is correct at the time of going to press.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd reserves the right to change the format, speakers, venue location and programme or any other aspect of the Course at any time and for any reason, whether or not due to a Force Majeure event, in each case without liability.
‘Force Majeure Course’ means any event arising that is beyond the reasonable control of E-reward.co.uk Ltd including (without limitation) speaker or participant cancellation or withdrawal, supplier or contractor failure, venue damage or cancellation, health scares, industrial dispute, governmental regulations or action, military action, fire, flood, disaster, civil riot, acts of terrorism or war.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd reserves the right to change the date or cancel a Course at any time and for any reason without notice. Where circumstances force E-reward.co.uk to cancel a Course, E-reward.co.uk Ltd shall offer you the option of attending any rearranged Course that E-reward.co.uk Ltd chooses to organise.
If you do not wish to accept this offer, then you will (as your sole remedy) be entitled, at your discretion, to receive either a credit note or a refund in respect of your fees received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd for that particular Course.
However, where the Course is postponed for reasons due to a Force Majeure event, any of your fees received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd shall be applied to any rearranged or rescheduled Course and all these Terms and Conditions shall apply to any such transferred booking.
To the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, E-reward.co.uk Ltd shall not be liable to you for any loss, delay, damage or other liability incurred resulting from or arising in connection with the cancellation or date change of the Course howsoever arising or any venue change.
For the avoidance of doubt, you acknowledge and agree that should the Course date be changed or cancelled, E-reward.co.uk Ltd is not liable for any travel or accommodation costs you may have incurred.
DisclaimersTo the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, E-reward.co.uk Ltd excludes:
all liability for loss, injury or damage to persons or property at the Course;
all indemnities, warranties, representations, terms and conditions (whether express or implied); and
any actual or alleged indirect loss or consequential loss howsoever arising suffered by you or any loss of profits, anticipated profits, savings, loss of business revenue, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of goodwill, or any other type of economic loss (whether direct or indirect).
If E-reward.co.uk Ltd is liable to you for any reason, its total liability to you in relation to the Courses (whether under these terms or conditions or otherwise) is limited to the amount of your fees received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd.
Views expressed by the Course instructors are their own. All advice provided at this course is for general guidance only. Any course delegates relying on information or advice given in the course of such training do so at their own risk.
E-reward.co.uk reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time. However, you will be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time you submit your registration.
3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR E-REWARD.CO.UK EVENTSTHE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO THE DELIVERY OF EVENTS
BY E-REWARD.CO.UK LTD (INCLUDING ANNUAL CONFERENCE; SALES COMPENSATION
SYMPOSIUM). OUR PRIVACY POLICY IS ALSO OUTLINED BELOW. Some
Events – for example our Sales Compensation Symposium 2020 – are
offered to attendees at no cost or at heavily discounted rates because
they are sponsored by outside parties. As you can imagine, hosting a
major conference in a lavish central London venue with lots of lovely
food and drink and completely free attendance costs a huge amount of
money. This is where our sponsors come in. They have generously funded
the speaker fees and speakers travel costs, as well as the cost of the
entire conference so that we can offer free places for 100+ delegates.In
these situations, the outside sponsor will receive a list of those who
registered to attend the Event (name, job title, organisation, email and
phone number). You may therefore receive periodic emails from these
reputable companies. By submitting your registration to attend the Event
you agree to be bound by these terms to the exclusion of all other
terms. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms E-reward.co.uk Ltd
will be unable to accept your registration.Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they contain important information. These
terms and conditions apply between the person, firm, company or other
entity specified on your booking form and E-reward.co.uk Ltd (company
number: 4281768). Registered in England and Wales. Registered office 33
Denby Lane, Heaton Chapel, Stockport, Cheshire SK4 2RA, United Kingdom
for delegate registrations for E-reward Conferences and E-reward
Showcase Events specified on your booking form (‘Event’). You
understand that by registering to attend the Event, you consent to
providing that exhibitor or sponsor with your personal data as disclosed
when registering. You consent to the transfer to and further use and
processing by the exhibitor of your personal data in compliance with all
applicable personal data and privacy laws and regulations.You
consent to this personal data being used to contact you about their
products or services and understand that this partner or sponsor may
transfer this data outside of the European Economic Area for these
purposes and you consent to such transfer of your data. By ticking this
box you confirm that you agree to our terms and conditions applicable to
your visit at our Events and acknowledge we will share personal data
which you provide to us with selected third parties who fund this event.You
also understand and agree that your personal data may be held and used
by the organiser of this event, and any third party hosting provider
acting on its behalf, in order to stage the event and to analyse visitor
experience with a view to improving the event experience for
participants.Guest ticketsComplimentary places
are offered on the acceptance of the condition that if you are no longer
able to attend, you notify E-reward.co.uk in writing by email (to
paul@e-reward.co.uk) no later than Monday, 1st
June 2020. Should you fail to notify us in writing by this date you
agree to pay a cancellation fee of £195.00 + VAT. Failure to attend the
event will be subject to the same terms. Name changes are accepted at
any time before the event. We need to impose these cancellation
charges as, at such a late stage, we are unable to obtain any refund for
your delegate and catering/drinks reception fee from the venue. Paying delegates (i.e. non-complimentary tickets)You
will pay E-reward.co.uk Ltd any fees specified in your booking form for
the Event. Payment to E-reward.co.uk Ltd in GBP British Pounds is by
BACS, wire transfer, cheque or credit card. It is a condition of booking
that payment must be received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd before the start of
the Event or no later than 30 days from the date of invoice, whichever
is sooner. If payment of your fees in full is not received before the
Event, E-reward.co.uk Ltd may (at its sole discretion) either require
such payment as a condition of your entry to the Event or refuse you
entry to the Event. CancellationsPaying conference
delegates who advise E-reward.co.uk of their cancellation in writing via
email (to paul@e-reward.co.uk) before 12 noon, Monday 11th
May 2020 will have their fees refunded – less an administration charge
of 25% of the course fees. No refund will be made for cancellations
received after that date. Failure to attend the conference will be
subject to the same terms.Name changesSubstitutions with
employees from your organisation are welcome at any time at no extra
charge. You must email any substitutions (to paul@e-reward.co.uk) prior
to the date of the Event.Fees for delegate tickets Guest delegate fee: £0.00Paying
delegate fee: £300 + VAT per delegate, plus credit card fees where
applicable. All bookings are subject to VAT taxed at 20%. Prices
for each Event, where applicable, are correct at the time of
publication. We reserve the right to change the prices at any time but
changes will not affect registrations which have already been confirmed
by E-reward.co.uk Ltd.Each conference
ticket gives you attendance for one person only to all of the speaker
presentations for the duration of this event, and includes breakfast,
coffees, teas, lunch, drinks reception, as well as conference materials.
Travel and accommodation are not included.All bookings are
subject to value added tax (VAT) at 20%. You shall, on receipt of a VAT
invoice from E-reward.co.uk Ltd, pay to E-reward.co.uk Ltd such
additional amounts in respect of VAT as are chargeable on the supply of
the Event.Late payments (i.e. non-complimentary tickets)We
understand and will exercise our statutory right to interest and
compensation for debt recovery costs under the late payment legislation
if we are not paid according to agreed credit terms. Under the Late
Payment of Commercial Debts [Interest] Act 1998 – as amended and
supplemented by the Late Payment of Commercial Debts Regulations 2002
(to incorporate the features of European Directive 2000/35/EC) – we are
entitled to charge: Debt recovery costs – £40 on debt up to £999.99; £70 on debt between £1,000 and £9,999.99.Statutory
interest – 8% above the Bank of England reference rate (fixed for the
six-month period within which date the invoices became overdue). Event cancellations and amendmentsThe
Event programme is correct at the time of going to press.
E-reward.co.uk Ltd reserves the right to change the format, speakers,
venue location and programme or any other aspect of the Event at any
time and for any reason, whether or not due to a Force Majeure event, in
each case without liability. ‘Force Majeure Event’ means any
event arising that is beyond the reasonable control of E-reward.co.uk
Ltd including (without limitation) speaker or participant cancellation
or withdrawal, supplier or contractor failure, venue damage or
cancellation, health scares, industrial dispute, governmental
regulations or action, military action, fire, flood, disaster, civil
riot, acts of terrorism or war.E-reward.co.uk Ltd reserves the
right to change the date or cancel an Event at any time and for any
reason without notice. Where circumstances force E-reward.co.uk to
cancel an Event, E-reward.co.uk Ltd shall offer you the option of
attending any rearranged Event that E-reward.co.uk Ltd chooses to
organise. If you do not wish to accept this offer, then you will
(as your sole remedy) be entitled, at your discretion, to receive either
a credit note or a refund in respect of your fees received by
E-reward.co.uk Ltd for that particular Event.However, where the
Event is postponed for reasons due to a Force Majeure event, any of your
fees received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd shall be applied to any rearranged
or rescheduled Event and all these Terms and Conditions shall apply to
any such transferred booking. To the fullest extent permitted by
the applicable law, E-reward.co.uk Ltd shall not be liable to you for
any loss, delay, damage or other liability incurred resulting from or
arising in connection with the cancellation or date change of the Event
howsoever arising or any venue change. For the avoidance of
doubt, you acknowledge and agree that should the Event date be changed
or cancelled, E-reward.co.uk Ltd is not liable for any travel or
accommodation costs you may have incurred.DisclaimersTo the fullest extent permitted by the applicable law, E-reward.co.uk Ltd excludes: all liability for loss, injury or damage to persons or property at the Event;all indemnities, warranties, representations, terms and conditions (whether express or implied); andany
actual or alleged indirect loss or consequential loss howsoever arising
suffered by you or any loss of profits, anticipated profits, savings,
loss of business revenue, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of
goodwill, or any other type of economic loss (whether direct or
indirect).
If E-reward.co.uk Ltd is liable to you for any
reason, its total liability to you in relation to the Events (whether
under these terms or conditions or otherwise) is limited to the amount
of your fees received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd.Views expressed by
the Event speakers are their own. All advice provided at this Event is
for general guidance only. Any Event delegates relying on information or
advice given in the Event of such training do so at their own risk.E-reward.co.uk
reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to
time. However, you will be subject to the terms and conditions in force
at the time you submit your registration.4. Terms and Conditions for E-reward.co.uk Research PublicationsTHE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO THE DELIVERY OF RESEARCH PUBLICATIONS BY E-REWARD.CO.UK LTD (INCLUDING REWARD BLUEPRINTS; EXECUTIVE PAY REPORTS).These terms and conditions apply between the person, firm, company or other entity specified on your booking form and E-reward.co.uk Ltd (company number: 4281768). Registered in England and Wales. Registered office 33 Denby Lane, Heaton Chapel, Stockport, Cheshire SK4 2RA, United Kingdom for orders for publications (including subscriptions to Reward Blueprints; Executive Pay Reports) specified on your booking form (‘Report’). Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they contain important information. By submitting your order you (‘Customer’) agree to be bound by these terms to the exclusion of all other terms. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms E-reward.co.uk Ltd will be unable to accept your order.Format Reports are published in Portable Document Format (PDF). You must have a PDF viewer installed on your computer before you can use a PDF file. E-reward.co.uk Ltd recommends that you use the latest version of Adobe Reader software that is compatible with your computer. We take measures to keep our web site, PDFs and emails free from computer viruses and other malicious programmes. However, we cannot accept responsibility for any computer viruses or other malicious programmes which are transmitted to your computer as a result of your use of this web site and emails received from E-reward.co.uk Ltd.PaymentYou will pay E-reward.co.uk Ltd any fees specified in your booking form for the Report. Payment to E-reward.co.uk Ltd in GBP British Pounds is by BACS, wire transfer, cheque or credit card. It is a condition of booking that payment must be received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd no later than 30 days from the date of invoice.Prices for each Report, where applicable, are correct at the time of publication. We reserve the right to change the prices at any time but changes will not affect orders which have already been confirmed by E-reward.co.uk Ltd.All orders are subject to value added tax (VAT) at 20%. You shall, on receipt of a VAT invoice from E-reward.co.uk Ltd, pay to E-reward.co.uk Ltd such additional amounts in respect of VAT as are chargeable on the supply of the Course.Please note that prepayment is required on all orders. You will receive your Report(s) on receipt of payment.Late paymentsWe understand and will exercise our statutory right to interest and compensation for debt recovery costs under the late payment legislation if we are not paid according to agreed credit terms. Under the Late Payment of Commercial Debts [Interest] Act 1998 – as amended and supplemented by the Late Payment of Commercial Debts Regulations 2002 (to incorporate the features of European Directive 2000/35/EC) – we are entitled to charge: Debt recovery costs – £40 on debt up to £999.99; £70 on debt between £1,000 and £9,999.99.Statutory interest – 8% above the Bank of England reference rate (fixed for the six month period within which date the invoices became overdue). CancellationsYou have a right to withdraw from your online purchase of Reports within seven days from the date of order. You can do this in writing (to paul@e-reward.co.uk). You will receive a refund in respect of your fees received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd for that particular Report less any credit card charges.However you agree to consent that any electronically delivered Reports – items which are not physically delivered to Customer, but are downloaded by Customer, delivered to Customer by email, or by such other electronic delivery medium as Supplier shall determine – are non-refundable. Copyright Copyright E-reward.co.uk Limited. All rights reserved. The Content of Report is copyright and owned by E-reward.co.uk Limited. You may view the Report for information purposes only. You may print and store to your hard disk one copy of the Report. No part of the Report may be reproduced, stored in an information storage and retrieval system or transmitted in any form, or by any means, electronic, mechanical or otherwise, without the permission of E-reward.co.uk Ltd. Any request for permission or enquiries relating to these Terms and Conditions should be directed in writing to E-reward.co.uk Ltd (to paul@e-reward.co.uk). Information, products, processes and technologies described in this Report may be subject to other intellectual property rights. These rights are reserved by E-reward.co.uk Ltd or other owners thereof. Special E-reward.co.uk Reward Blueprints subscription informationOn payment of the annual subscription fee you receive a licence to use the E-reward.co.uk Reward Blueprints service for the period of one year only. There are two type of subscription: a single-user licence and multiple-user licence. Multiple subscriptions are based on users working in the same organisation, regardless of location. Clients wishing to distribute additional copies within their own organisation should request extra copies from E-reward.co.uk Ltd at discounted rates. To avoid misunderstandings please contact E-reward.co.uk Ltd by emailing (to paul@e-reward.co.uk)Subscriptions commence on the date of order and continue until terminated by the Supplier by no less than 30 days written notice to expire on an anniversary of the Commencement Date or by the Customer within 30 days of E-reward.co.uk’s notice of the renewal of the subscription as specified below.E-reward.co.uk will notify the Customer by email before each anniversary of the Commencement Date of the price payable for the next subscription period and of any change to the licence terms and conditions applicable to this product.Licences and electronic contentThe Licensor limits usage of the electronic service to the agreed number of users as specified in the product offer. Unless otherwise stated, usage levels refer to the totality of different users who are required to access the service in the client organisation.Online services provided through any other electronic delivery mechanism are supplied subject to the licence terms and conditions supplied with the product.The Customer is required to review and accept these terms before first using the product.Use of the product is implied acceptance of the terms.Delivery of online products is made using the World Wide Web.All warranties express or implied, regarding the availability of any online product at any particular time or times are excluded.For the avoidance of doubt, no refund is available in the event of cancellation at any point during the Subscription period in respect of any Goods.License termsYou are permitted to copy some material for your own personal use, but E-reward.co.uk will take legal action against anyone who reproduces, condenses or adapts any substantial part of the report without the prior written permission of E-reward.co.uk Ltd. Liability Content is of a general nature only and does not address particular circumstances or requirements. It is provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis without any warranty, condition or representation of any kind, whether express or implied. Content does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation by E-reward.co.uk Ltd and you should not rely on the Content in making or refraining from making any decisions, legal or otherwise. Suitable professional advice should always be taken in relation to any particular circumstances. In no event will E-reward.co.uk Ltd be liable for any indirect, special or consequential loss arising out of the use or misuse of this Content. You understand and agree that any material and/or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this Web Site is at your own discretion and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or data. Whilst E-reward.co.uk Ltd runs anti-virus software, you are solely responsible for ensuring that any email or attachment you receive from E-reward.co.uk Ltd is virus free. E-reward.co.uk Ltd disclaims any liability for any damage you suffer as a consequence of receiving any virus. You agree to indemnify E-reward.co.uk Ltd and not to hold it liable in any way for the results of any action you make take based on Web site and Content. You understand and agree E-reward.co.uk Ltd does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the Content. E-reward.co.uk Ltd is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of Content. DisclaimersIf E-reward.co.uk Ltd is liable to you for any reason, its total liability to you in relation to the Report (whether under these terms or conditions or otherwise) is limited to the amount of your fees received by E-reward.co.uk Ltd.All advice provided in this Report is for general guidance only. Anyone relying on information or advice given in the Report do so at their own risk.E-reward.co.uk reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time. However, you will be subject to the terms and conditions in force at the time you submit your registration.Last updated: 6th February 2020
Education
Events
Research
Resources
Executive Pay