https://www.bkd.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Main Content
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes how We collect, use, and protect information collected from You through or by means of this Site. This privacy policy does not apply to any information collected by Us through any other means.
1. Definitions. The following terms have the following meaning in the privacy policy bellow.
(a)  “We”, “Us”, “Our”, or “BKD” mean BKD, LLP, BKD CPAs & Advisors, BKD Wealth Advisors, LLC, BKD Corporate Finance, LLC, and all other subsidiaries, parent entities, divisions, departments, and affiliates of BKD, LLP.
(b) “Site” or “Sites” means the BKD websites or websites used for BKD matters and includes, without limitation, www.bkd.com; https://bkdforensics.com/; https://secure.netlinksolution.com/nextgen/; https://www.bkdrisk.com/; https://www.sageerpinsights.com/; https://www.dynamicsgpinsights.com/; https://bkdconnect.bkd.com; https://timestudy.campbellwilson.com/; and any other related websites used by BKD now or in the future.
(c) “You” or “Your” means You, Your registered business, and any of Your employees, officers, or agents who may use the Site.
(d) “Data” means information of any kind that You upload, input, or submit to or through the Site.
2. General Types of Information. You may provide Us with two types of information during Your use of the BKD Sites, namely, (a) anonymous information We collect; and (b) personal information that You voluntarily submit to Us. This privacy policy does not apply to any information collected by Us through any other means.
3. Anonymous or Non-Personally Identifiable Information. When You visit a Site, We may automatically collect information from You. For example, Our web servers may automatically collect anonymous information that describes how You navigate Our Sites. This information includes the number and frequency of visits to the Sites, the portions of the Sites used, as well as the anonymous information that Your web browser automatically sends to Us, such as browser type and IP address. We may also determine what technology is available through Your browser to serve You the most appropriate version of a webpage. For example, We may determine that You have installed a version of Flash, and We will then send to You, if available, the appropriate Flash version of the webpage rather than an HTML page.
4. Personally Identifiable Information. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies You, such as Your name, postal address, telephone number, email address, and other information once it is associated with Your personally identifiable information. We will ask You to provide personally identifiable information when You create an account, subscribe to Our newsletters, subscribe to Our events, purchase products or services, upload information to a Site, contact Us with a question or concern, or participate in other activities when You visit a Site. We may also collect publicly available information about You from other sources, such as information from newspapers, blogs, commercial websites, or third-party data aggregators; we may use such information to supplement Your personally identifiable information maintained by Us. We may also collect other personally identifiable information that You voluntarily disclose on a Site, absent any request from Us.
5. Client Personally Identifiable Information.  If you are Our client, we may collect certain personally identifiable information from You, including, without limitation, Your name, address, Social Security number, tax identification number, age, corporate name and structure, internal accounting methods, financial status, assets, income, tax information, retirement and estate plan information, transaction history, account balance, payment history, investment objectives, marital status, family relationships, and other personal information. This information may also be secured from the sources described below and is subject to the conditions stated below:
(a) Sources. The personally identifiable information referenced in this paragraph may be secured or received from sources such as (i) Your transactions with Us, our affiliates and third parties; (ii) Your broker-dealer, investment advisor or financial representative; (ii) Your inquiries by mail, telephone, email or face-to-face conversations; (iii) interviews with any of the foregoing parties; and (iv) agreements, applications, forms and other documents received from You or any of the foregoing parties; and (v) information You submit voluntarily to Us.
(b) Disclosure. Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, We will not sell, license, transmit, or disclose Your personally identifiable information outside of BKD and its affiliated companies.
(c)  Internal Use. We restrict access to such personally identifiable information to those Our personnel and Our affiliates and subsidiaries. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect such personally identifiable information.
(d) Security. Our Sites use various security devices and methods where appropriate to protect Your personally identifiable information and Your Data or Your content depending on the nature of the Site, and we take reasonable measures to help ensure that Your information remains reliable, accurate, complete, and current. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet is 100 percent secure. We will take reasonable measures, which We believe are appropriate to protect Your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction; however, We cannot ensure or warrant the security of that information.
(e) Fulfillment, Changes, and Communications. We use personally identifiable information for the purpose for which You provided it, such as to fulfill Your request for services or information, to process and administer Your requests, and to activate any online account You may have with Us. We may also use personally identifiable information to notify You of changes to this Site, to provide You with news, email offers, and other information, to let You know about other information and services that may be of interest to You, and to tailor Our online offerings to Your preferences.
(f) Third-Party Policies. If We use agents, contractors, or other companies to perform services on Our behalf, We will require that they protect Your personally identifiable information in accordance with this privacy policy. On the other hand, You must be comfortable with the privacy policies of any other sites You authorize to gather information from Us, as the privacy policies of such other sites will govern the use of Your personally identifiable information once it has been transmitted by Us.
(g) Website Analysis. We may also combine anonymous usage information collected from Your visit to the Site with that of other users to determine which features and areas of the website are most popular. This aggregated information does not contain personally identifiable information.
(h) Permitted Disclosures. We may disclose personally identifiable information to the following parties under the following circumstances: (i) to You, if you direct Us to do so; (ii) to unaffiliated financial services providers, transfer agents, custodians, and trustees, banks, financial representatives, proxy services, vendors, affiliates, licensees, licensors, affiliates, solicitors, printers, or third parties who assist Us or who perform services on Our behalf in order to provide You with products and services or to affect transactions that You request or authorize; (iii) to third parties if we are compelled to do so by law; and (iv) to third parties in order to protect any account You may have with Us from fraud, misfeasance, malfeasance, or other wrongful act.
(i) Disclosure Required by Law. From time to time, We may be required to disclose Your personally identifiable information in response to a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that We, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We also may disclose certain personally identifiable information when We believe that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of others or Ourselves.
6.  Cookies. We may use cookies. Cookies are information files that Our Sites may send to Your computer to provide extended functionality and to allow Us to collect anonymous data to track usage patterns, monitor activity, and administer the Sites. Cookies let Us "remember" information about Your preferences and allow You to move about Our Site without reintroducing Yourself. We may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as tracking usage patterns on the Site and measuring the effectiveness of the Site. If You have an account with Us, We may use cookies to access, retrieve, or store Your personally identifiable information, such as Your password and/or user ID, so You do not have to enter it more than once. You may disable cookies, receive a warning before a cookie is placed on Your computer, and erase cookies from Your hard drive through use of options or preferences menus in Your browser. It is possible, however, that some parts of Our Site will not operate correctly if You disable the cookie feature. You should consult with Your browser's provider/manufacturer if You have any questions regarding disabling cookies.
7.  Links. From time to time, BKD websites may provide links to other websites not owned or controlled by BKD that we think might be useful or of interest to you. We cannot, however, be responsible for the privacy practices used by other website owners or the content or accuracy of those other websites. Links to various non-BKD websites do not constitute or imply endorsement by BKD of these websites, any products, or services described on these sites, or of any other material contained in them.
8. Transfer of Information to the United States. If You reside outside of the United States, please be aware that any information You provide to Us will be transferred to and processed in the United States. If You do not wish for Us to transfer Your personally identifiable information into the United States, do not submit it to Us. If You provide Us with Your personally identifiable information, We will treat Your submission of that information as Your consent to allow Us to transfer it to the United States. Any such personally identifiable information that We collect from You will be treated in accordance with this privacy policy.
9. Copy of Personally Identifiable Information. You may obtain a copy of Your personally identifiable information by contacting Your representative at BKD, LLP or by contacting Us online by using Our Contact Us form. For Your protection, You may be required to provide proof of Your identity to obtain a copy of Your personally identifiable information. You may correct any errors in Your personally identifiable information by providing Us with the correct information, and We will delete Your personally identifiable information (except for Your transaction history) from Our records upon Your written request. However, You may not be able to access some areas of the Site if You choose to delete Your personally identifiable information. If You are or have been Our client or customer, or received any services from Us, We reserve the right to maintain archive copies of all communications and other documents in Our possession concerning or related to You, including personally identifiable information.
10. Changes to Privacy Policy. We may change this privacy policy at any time. Please check this policy frequently for changes. Your continued use of a Site means that You accept the terms of this privacy policy, and that We have the right to use information We collect from You, whether personally identifiable information or anonymous, as stated in this privacy policy. If You do not accept the terms of this privacy policy, You must not use this Site. Use of the Site after a change to this privacy policy means that You accept the changes made to the terms of this privacy policy.
11. Contacting Us. If You have any additional questions, please feel free to contact Us any time using Our Contact Us form.
12. European Union (EU) Citizens and Residents. For additional information that only applies to EU citizens and residents, please see this webpage.
13. California Citizens and Residents. For additional information regarding the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) and similar state laws, please see this webpage.
Share:
Email this Page
Print this Page
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Subscribe
Like what you see here? Get the information you need with BKD Thoughtware®.
Subscribe
How can we help you?