https://www.absolutvision.com/page/privacy
0%
This site uses cookies, by continuing to use the service, you accept our use of cookies Got It!
Search
Premium
Explore
Members
Collections
Tags
Featured
Popular
Latest
Most Commented
Most Viewed
Most Downloads
Categories
Animals
Architecture/Buildings
Art/Music
Background/Texture
Business/Finance
Celebration
Computer/Communication
Education
Food/Drink
View all
Sign up
Login
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs how AbsolutVision collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the website absolutvision.com (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the site and all products and services offered by AbsolutVision.
Personal identification information
We may collect personally identifiable information from users in a variety of ways, including when users visit our site, sign up for the site, subscribe to the newsletter, and relate to other activities, services, features or resources that we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for the name and e-mail address if available. We will only collect personally identifiable information from Users if they voluntarily submit this information to us. Users may still refuse to provide personally identifiable information, although this may prevent them from engaging in specific activities related to the site.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information from users each time they interact with our site. Non-personal credentials may include the browser name, computer type, and technical details on how the user connects to our Site, such as the operating system and Internet service providers used, and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our site may use “cookies” to improve the user experience. The user’s web browser places cookies on his hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. The user can choose to configure his web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do, note that some parts of the Site may not work correctly.
How we use the information collected
AbsolutVision may collect and use users’ personal information for the following purposes:
Improve customer service
Customize the user experience, content, and advertising
To improve our site
Process payments
To launch a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature
To collect traffic analysis data
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to communicate user information and membership updates. It can also be used to answer their requests, questions and/or other requests. If the user chooses to subscribe to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include news from the website, updates, information about products or related services, etc. The unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or user can contact us via our website.
How do we protect your information?
We adopt appropriate practices for collecting, storing and processing data and security measures to prevent unauthorized access, modification, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent the user’s credentials to third parties. We may share generic aggregated demographic data not related to personally identifiable information about visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes described above. We may use third-party service providers to assist us in the operation of our business and the Site or to administer activities on our networks, such as the sending of newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for these limited purposes provided you have given us your permission.
Third party sites
Users may find advertising or other content on our website that is related to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices used by websites linked to or from our site. Also, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be continually changing. These sites and services may have their privacy policies.
November 2018