http://www.opel.com/tools/privacy.html
THE FUTURE IS EVERYONE'S © OPEL 2019
LEGAL NOTICE
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
IMPRINT
TRADEMARK & COPYRIGHTS
OPEL POST
DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY
MEDIA POOL
X CLOSE
Types of data being processed
Information about the processing of personal data
Use of cookies
Tracking and analysis
Cookies which we use
Enabling and disabling cookies and similar technologies
Interaction with Social Media Networks
Your Rights
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Contacting us
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY.
This website is operated by Opel Automobile GmbH (“Opel”) as the controller.  All other microsites operated by Opel Automobile GmbH are hosted in Europe by our IT supplier MRM (Frankfurt am Main, Germany). The registered office of Opel Automobile GmbH is situated in Germany at Bahnhofsplatz, D-65423 Rüsselsheim, Germany.
Please read this policy carefully before using this website because it explains how we will process personal data and how we use cookies. Using this website indicates that you accept this policy.
Contents
1. Types of data being processed / Links to other websites
2. Information about the processing of personal data
3. Use of cookies
4. Tracking and analysis
5. Cookies which we use
6. Enabling and disabling cookies and similar technologies
7. Interaction with Social Media Networks
8. Your rights
9. Changes to the Privacy Policy
10. Contacting us
1. Types of data being processed / Links to other websites
Opel cares about your privacy. We collect and process various types of personal data via this website. This includes:
Information you provide to us when registering, requesting and using our services and our website, such as name, address, e-mail address, as well as image files uploaded by you as a user.
Information that we need when you report a problem with our website.
Information collected with cookies.
For further details, see section 2.
This website can also contain links to other Opel websites or to websites of our Opel partners, authorized workshops, other affiliated companies or social media websites. When you click on such a link to any of such other Opel or third party websites, please be aware that these websites have their own data privacy policies. Please check their privacy policies when using these websites.
This website can also contain iFrames with content of other Opel websites or of websites of third parties. Opel is not responsible for third-party content presented in iFrames. The information presented therein is the sole responsibility of those website owners. Opel has no control or responsibility for the content of independent websites and provides this external content to its visitors for their convenience. As a result, when you visit a page containing such content, you may be presented with cookies from these third party websites. Opel does not control the distribution of these cookies. Please check the third party's privacy policy for more information.
Please be informed that Opel cannot accept any responsibility or liability for third party websites.
2. Information about the processing of personal data
Your personal data will be processed to administrate and fulfill your requests and - when applicable - for individualized marketing and market research by us and by Opel Automobile GmbH (Bahnhofsplatz, 65423 Rüsselsheim am Main, Germany), as controllers as follows:
The data processing is based on Art. 6 (1) a) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in case you provide your respective consent.
We as controllers process your personal data as follows:
Data and Purpos(s)
Information collected via cookies:
Please see Section 5 for detailed information
Recipients
We share your personal data for the below listed purposes with the following recipients:
Data and Purpos(s) and Recipient(s)
1- Cookies:
To fulfill customer/prospect requests, Customer service, Customer information, Advertising, Customer satisfaction surveys
We and Opel Automobile GmbH share your personal data with the respective engaged processors (suppliers for IT-Service, market research and marketing services) to support the administration of the named purposes.
In particular we share your personal data with following service providers:
Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited   (Adobe Ireland)
4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park 0000 Dublin 24. IRELAND
Google Germany GmbH
ABC-Strasse 19
20354 Hamburg
Germany
Sevenval Technologies GmbH
Köpenicker Straße 154
10997 Berlin
Germany
When applicable, we share your personal data with your respective selected Opel Partner.
3. Use of cookies
This website, email messaging, online services, advertisements and interactive applications use “cookies” for optimizing our services.
What is a “cookie”?
A “cookie” is a small file, typically of letters and numbers that we send to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk by our web server. The main purpose of a cookie is to allow our web server to present the user with customized web pages that make the experience when visiting the Opel website more personal and better responding to the user’s individual needs.
Some cookies are important for the functionality of this Website and are automatically activated when visited by the users. Some cookies allow us to provide the user with services and functions that best suit their needs, and to tailor our service to them to ensure easy and fast operation of the website.
What kind of cookies does this website use?
Opel Automobile GmbH may use three types of cookies on this website:
Cookies are categorized as follows:
Essential Cookies,
Performance Cookies
Persistent Cookies
Essential Cookies enable our users to navigate the website and use features. Without these Cookies, the requested services can not be provided, such as our Vehicle Configurator, Dealer Locator Function, or Request Forms.
We use Essential Cookies to:
Ensure that the web page functions and the functions are executed correctly, and
Allow you to save your selection in the Vehicle Configurator, and
Allow you to plan the route to your nearest dealer in the Dealer Locator.
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies collect information on how users use our website. They help us to improve the functionality of our website, see which areas are of greater interest to our customers, and to learn more about the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. All this helps us to offer our users the services and functions that best meet their needs.
We use Performance Cookies to:
Create statistics on how our website is used,
See how effective our advertising campaigns are, and;
Review non-person-related user behaviour, and thus improve our website.
Some of the Performance cookies are provided by authorized third parties, but we do not allow cookies to be used for purposes other than those mentioned above.
So-called ‘Persistent Cookies‘ are stored on the user's computer or device in-between browser sessions. They are used to maintain settings or preferences and to improve the use of the website on the next visit. Some of these cookies are provided by authorized third parties.
We use ‚Persistent Cookies‘ to:
Provide Opel.com offers that we think may be of interest to our users,
Provide our media and advertising partners with information about your visit, so that they can offer targeted ads;
Share information with partners who offer a service on our website. The information is only shared to provide a service, product or function (e.g., colour selection function in the vehicle configurator) and is not used for other purposes.
Some ‚Persistent Cookies‘ are provided by authorized third-parties, but we do not allow cookies to be used for purposes other than those mentioned above.
4. Tracking and Analysis
Opel uses for a continuous optimization of its marketing communication the analytical software “Adobe Analytics” of Adobe Inc. It allows for tracking on-line behaviour in terms of time, geographic location and usage of this website. This information is collected via tracking pixels and/or cookies. The information gained via tracking pixels and/or cookies is anonymous and will not be connected to personal data. All information that is necessary for this analysis is stored on servers of Adobe Systems Incorporated in London, United Kingdom. Opel does not share this information with any third party for its independent use. If you do not agree with the analyses, you can disagree here: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
5. Cookies which we use
In this section, we will inform you about the cookies used on our website. If you do not agree to the setting of individual cookies, you can deactivate the respective cookie by clicking on the name of the cookie. If there are no direct links to deactivation for some cookies, you can restrict the use of cookies in your browser settings, see point 6.
5.1 Cookies on the desktop website
a- Cookie name: Iperception including but not limited to:
_CT_Data / _hssc / _hstc / _gat / _ga / _gid / _uetsid / hubspotutk / iperceptions.com
Data collected via cookie: can be found here
Purpose(s): Those cookies are used to examine the use of our website for optimization purposes.
Provider: iperceptions
b- Cookie name: S_cc
Data collected via Cookie: This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code to determine if cookies are enabled (simply set to "True")
Purpose(s): This cookie indicates that cookies are enabled in your browser.
Provider: Adobe
c- Cookie name: s_fid
Data collected via this Cookie: Fallback unique visitor ID time/date stamp
Purpose(s): This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor if the standard s_vi cookie is unavailable due to third-party cookie restrictions. Not used for implementations that use first-party cookies.
Provider: Adobe
d- Cookie name: s_nr
Data collected via Cookie: Adobe Site Catalyst cookie, stores date of visit and if visitor is new or returning.
Purpose(s): These cookies store information about how visitors use our mobile website, and help us to develop our mobile website progressively according to your interests.
Provider: Adobe
e- Cookie name: s_sq
Data collected via this Cookie: This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code when the ClickMap functionality and the Activity Map functionality are enabled; it contains information about the previous link that was clicked on by the user
Purpose(s): These cookies store information about how visitors use our mobile website, and help us to develop our mobile website progressively according to your interests.
Provider: Adobe
f- Cookie name: bt3
Data collected via this Cookie: The Signal cookie are used to count visitors to our website and to measure how the website is used.
Purpose(s): We collect, hold and use de-identified information from clients to provide the Services, including to infer your interests and preferences and to allow our clients and others to target advertisements and offers to you across your devices based on those interests and preferences. Apart from the above instances, we may also collect, hold, and use information collected or received in connection with the Services to provide the Services, to improve the Services, for our internal business purposes and to meet any legal requirements or needs.
Provider: Signal
g- Cookie name: btv3.an
Data collected via this Cookie: The Signal cookie are used to count visitors to our website and to measure how the website is used.
Purpose(s): We collect, hold and use de-identified information from clients to provide the Services, including to infer your interests and preferences and to allow our clients and others to target advertisements and offers to you across your devices based on those interests and preferences. Apart from the above instances, we may also collect, hold, and use information collected or received in connection with the Services to provide the Services, to improve the Services, for our internal business purposes and to meet any legal requirements or needs.
Provider: Signal
Cookie: Facebook Pixel
Data collected via cookie: The applied cookies store information about the pages of our website that you visited and the advertising campaigns you have viewed or clicked on.
Purpose(s): This information is used in a pseudonymised form to tailor online advertising messages and experiences specific to your preferences.
Provider: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Opt-out: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
5.2 Cookies on the mobile website
a- Cookie name: s_fid
Data collected via this Cookie: Fallback unique visitor ID time/date stamp
Purpose(s): This cookie is used to identify a unique visitor if the standard s_vi cookie is unavailable due to third-party cookie restrictions. Not used for implementations that use first-party cookies.
Provider: Adobe
b- Cookie name: s_sq
Data collected via this Cookie: This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code when the ClickMap functionality and the Activity Map functionality are enabled; it contains information about the previous link that was clicked on by the user
Purpose(s): These cookies store information about how visitors use our mobile website, and help us to develop our mobile website progressively according to your interests.
Provider: Adobe
c- Cookie name: S_cc
Data collected via Cookie: This cookie is set and read by the JavaScript code to determine if cookies are enabled (simply set to "True")
Purpose(s): This cookie indicates that cookies are enabled in your browser.
Provider: Adobe
d- Cookie name: s_nr
Data collected via Cookie: Adobe Site Catalyst cookie, stores date of visit and if visitor is new or returning.
Purpose(s): These cookies store information about how visitors use our mobile website, and help us to develop our mobile website progressively according to your interests.
Provider: Adobe
e- Cookie name: s_nr1
Data collected via Cookie: Adobe Site Catalyst cookie, stores date of visit and if visitor is new or returning.
Purpose(s): These cookies store information about how visitors use our mobile website, and help us to develop our mobile website progressively according to your interests.
Provider: Adobe
f- Cookie name: s_nr2
Data collected via Cookie: Adobe Site Catalyst cookie, stores date of visit and if visitor is new or returning.
Purpose(s): These cookies store information about how visitors use our mobile website, and help us to develop our mobile website progressively according to your interests.
Provider: Adobe
g- Cookie name: s_ppv
Data collected via Cookie: Adobe Site Catalyst cookie, stores date of visit and if visitor is new or returning.
Purpose(s): These cookies store information about how visitors use our mobile website, and help us to develop our mobile website progressively according to your interests.
Provider: Adobe
h- Cookie name: fitdetection
Data collected via Cookie: Makes technical information about the user’s Web browser, like viewport width and height, available to the server software.
Purpose(s): This cookie is used to collect information that is important for the processing of the software FIT used for the mobile website (https://developer.sevenval.com/docs/)
Provider: Sevenval Technologies GmbH
i- Cookie name: s_ev66
Data collected via Cookie: We collect anonymous information from visitors to help us understand how people are using our site so we can make sure we offer the best possible experience.
Purpose(s): This information is aggregated together for analysis and doesn’t identify any individual person.
Provider: Sophus3
6. Enabling and disabling cookies and similar technologies
The 'Help' menu in the Internet browser's menu bar on your computer tells users:
how to prevent the acceptance of new cookies in the browser;
how to set the browser to notify them when they receive a new cookie;
how to completely disable Cookies.
If Cookies are disabled then much of the content on www.opel.com will also be disabled e.g., Dealer locator, vehicle configurator and user-relevant offers may not be displayed correctly. To prevent this we recommend that Cookies are enabled.
There are many on-line publications on cookies in case you want to read more. See for example: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
7. Interaction with Social Media Networks
Customer care and assistance via Social Media
You may contact Opel Automobile GmbH also via our Social Media Channels. E.g., if you send us a message or post something on our Social Media Channels, we may use the information in your message or post to follow-up with you on the issue you contacted us for via the Social Media Channel which you used. In order to give you the assistance you requested, we may ask you to provide via direct or private message further information such as details on the issue, name, email, VIN, phone, location (city/state) and/or make, model and year of the vehicle. The information you provide will not be used for direct marketing; market research for service and product improvement will only be carried out on bases of aggregated (anonymized) data.
Please note that you should not include any sensitive data (such as information on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical convictions, or health) into you post or message. Be aware that if you post something on a public Social Media Channel, anyone might be able to read it.
Links to Social Media / Social Media Plug ins.
Our web page includes links to social networks.
In order to protect your personal data while visiting our website we do not use social plugins. Instead HTML-links are embedded onto the website, enabling easy sharing onto social media platforms. Embedding the link prevents a direct connection with various social media network servers when opening a page from our website. When clicking on one of the buttons, a browser window opens and directs the user to the respective service provider website on which (after having logged in) for example, the “Like” or “Share” button can be used.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data processing and further use of your personal data by the provider and their websites as well as your rights and possible settings to protect your privacy, please refer to the data protection information of the respective service provider.
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy
Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
You Tube: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
8. Your Rights
As data subject, you have the right of access, right to rectification, right to erasure (right to be forgotten), right to restriction of processing, right to data portability, right to object to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on Art. 6 (1) e) or f) GDPR or where the personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes in accordance with the applicable law.
Please note that your above-mentioned rights are restricted by law and must be fulfilled by us possibly only under certain conditions.
If you want to claim your above-mentioned rights please contact:
privacyrights@opel.com
Your personal data can be updated by us as the responsible controller at any time.
To exercise your right to lodge a complaint (Art. 77 GDPR) please contact: Hessischen Datenschutzbeauftragten, Postfach 31 63, 65021 Wiesbaden or: Gustav-Stresemann-Ring 1, 65189 Wiesbaden; E-Mail: poststelledatenschutz.hessen{dot}de; Homepage: http://www.datenschutz.hessen.de
Right to withdraw your consent
You have the right to withdraw your given consent at any time (for this please contact us:
privacyrights@opel.com)
The withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
9. Changes to the Privacy Policy
All future changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this website. You should therefore periodically review these for changes to our Privacy Policy.
10. Contacting us
Post address:
Opel Automobile GmbH
Bahnhofsplatz
65423 Rüsselsheim am Main
GERMANY
E-Mail:kontakt@opel-infoservice.de
Hotline +49 (0)6142 911 9800.
Managing Directors: Michael Lohscheller (Vorsitzender/Chairman), Frédéric Brunet, Xavier Duchemin, Ralph Wangemann and Christian Müller.
Contact details of the data protection officer:
Post: Opel Automobile GmbH, Datenschutzbeauftragter, Bahnhofsplatz, 65423 Ruesselsheim am Main, Germany
E-Mail: Datenschutz@opel.com
Version: May 2018
See our Legal Notice for the full company details.