http://www.ludensimplement.com/privacy-policies
Menu
Home
All Inventory
All Inventory
Acreage Equipment
Cultivators
Discs
Plows
Other Acreage Equipment
Blades & Boxscrapers
Corn Heads
Combine Head Parts
Construction Equipment
Hay Equipment
Loaders / Loader Attachments
Loaders / Skid Steer Attachments
Material Handling
Mowers
NEED TO GO ROW
Parts & Tires
Snow Removal
Tractors (Used)
Trailers
Trailers
Car Tow Dollies
Combine Head
Gooseneck Flatbeds
Livestock/ Horse
Enclosed Trailers
Dump Trailers
Bumper Pull Flatbeds
Truck Beds
Financing
Design A Trailer
Service
Contact Us
Contact Us
About Us
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.ludensinc.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any. Change/correct any data we have about you. Have us delete any data we have about you. Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. At this time, Ludens Inc does not conduct financial transactions online. Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 605-363-4000 or via email sales@ludensinc.com.
Contact Us
1400 W 2nd Ave
Humboldt, SD 57035
(605) 363-4000
Hours
Monday
7:30am - 5pm
Tuesday
7:30am - 5pm
Wednesday 7:30am - 5pm
Thursday
7:30am - 5pm
Friday
7:30am - 5pm
Saturday
8:30am - 12pm
Sunday
Closed
Quick Links
All Inventory
Attachments
Truck Accessories
Trailers
Farm Equipment
Contact Us
Connect
Email Us
Trailer Dealer Website
by Trailer Central
Privacy Policy
XML Site Map