http://www.mcc-cables.com/legal/privacy_policy/index.html
Jump To Content
Moulded Cords and Cables
01344 868200 info@mcc-cables.com
Unit 2 Tavistock Ind Est, Ruscombe Park, Twyford, Berks, RG10 9NJ
Search Site
Search Moulded Cords & Cables
Where's my order? Track it here...
Newsletter
Sign up for the latest updates
Full name
E-mail address
Home
About Us
Industry news
Products
Information
Links
Worldwide plug guide
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
We are: Moulded Cords and Cables Unit 2, Tavistock Ind Est, Ruscombe Park, Twyford, Berkshire, RG10 9NJ.
Our contact email address on privacy matters is: nick@mcc-cables.com
Through your navigation around and use of the functionality of our website, you have agreed to our collecting, storing, and processing your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
You agree that we may share your personal information with other companies and websites within our group but only on the same terms as in this Policy.
We will only collect, store and process personal information from you in accordance with the law from time to time in force in England and Wales and then only for enabling us to provide the service available on this site, process orders for goods and services as well as to administer the site and collect statistical data.
Should you wish to purchase any goods from this website, we may share and/or pass on information to a financial institution for the purpose of credit/debit card authorisation or to a delivery company for the purpose of delivering any goods ordered from us.
Unless you have so informed us, when requested, on our website we may send emails to you from time to time, to keep you informed about products and services available from, and news relating to, this website. We will stop sending out such emails if ever you reply to the original of one of these emails with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line, or by email to our privacy email.
We may from time to time use cookies on this website. These will be used to improve your experience when browsing around our website. No information that is identifiable to you is used in a cookie. We identify you solely by placing a small file on your computer to help us identify products and matters of interest to the person, which may not be you, who last visited our website from your PC. You can learn more about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Please note that,whilst it is most unlikely to happen, we may be required by a court of law, or by a person with legal authority to so request, to disclose personal information.
Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies adopted by other websites to whom we may link from this website.
If your personal information changes, you can write to our privacy email.
If you wish us to cease handling, storing and processing your personal information at any stage, then subject to completing and fulfilling any pending transaction or request, we will act on such request within a reasonable period of time when sent to us to our privacy email or by surface mail to our geographical address as at the top of this Policy.
Send To FriendAdd To Favourites
Print PageTop
Site Map
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Links
©2020 Moulded Cords and Cables
This website is operated by Moulded Cords and Cables, a company registered in England under company registration number 02589812 and whose registered office is situated at Unit 2 Tavistock Ind Est, Ruscombe Lane, Twyford, Berks, RG10 9NJ.