http://www.aimmutual.com/about-us/privacy-policy.html
Pay Your Premium
FAQ
Report an Injury
Portal Login
Workers' CompensationWorkers' Comp at a Glance
New to workers' comp?  Here's a brief overview on this critical coverage.
How Workers' Comp Claims Work
How Workers' Comp Helps Business
The A.I.M. Mutual Difference
PolicyholdersAt Your Service
Helping you manage your workers' compensation program is our priority.
It's a partnership approach that works.
Report an Injury
Pay your Premium
Tips for Filing a Claim
For Injured Workers
Wellness Program
BrokersWe Are Specialists
Your clients receive the benefits of proven expertise along with custom programs
designed for their industry.
Submit New Business
Access Loss Runs
Request a Certificate
Submit a Waiver of Subrogation
Preferred Industry Groups
Partner with Us
ResourcesEasy Online Reference
From key forms to articles by our subject matter experts, you'll find information
critical to successful workers' compensation management.
Underwriting
Claim
Injury Prevention & Worksite Wellness
Premium Audit
Forms Library
Articles
Podcasts
Industry Links
About UsYour Choice for Workers' Comp
We value your business.  We invite you to learn more about us both as a carrier
and as an employer.
Our Story
Our Mission and Values
Community
A.M. Best Rating
Events
FAQ
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Associated Industries of Massachusetts Mutual Insurance Companies (A.I.M. Mutual) recognizes that you expect and are entitled to privacy and security of information we collect and maintain about you.  We are committed to protecting that information by maintaining strict standards and procedures designed to prevent misuse of any nonpublic information we collect.  Except for those situations allowed by law, we do not disclose any nonpublic information about our customers to anyone.
Categories of Information That We Collect:
We collect most of the information about you from your application for insurance and from the servicing of your policy.  We may collect nonpublic information about you from other sources such as consumer reporting agencies, loss information reports, other insurance companies, and others as allowed by law.  In a claim situation, we may also collect medical information to adjust the claim.
How We Use This Information:
We use this information to underwrite your insurance, adjust claims, determine premiums or to provide you with the services that are normal to an insurance operation.
Under What Circumstance Do We Disclose Information:
We do not disclose any nonpublic information about our customers or former customers to anyone except as permitted by law.  This means under certain circumstances information can be disclosed to third parties without your authorization.  For example:  We may disclose information to your insurance Broker; to consultants who perform business or insurance functions for us; to independent claims adjusters, investigators, and attorneys who need information to settle our claims; to businesses that provide underwriting and actuarial support; to organizations involved in collecting data to help in the detection of insurance fraud or criminal activity in connection with insurance transactions; to law enforcement or other governmental authorities to protect our legal interests or in cases of suspected fraud or illegal activities; to medical care institutions or medical professionals to verify coverage; to insurance rating organizations or state regulatory agencies who are involved with the regulation of insurance pricing and products; to lienholders, mortgages or other parties who have a legal interest in your policy; and to authorized individuals as ordered by court documents.
Our Policies and Procedures for Protecting Your Privacy:
We restrict access to information about you to the referenced third parties and to employees who need to know that information to provide you with our products or to provide you with the benefits of services under them.  We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with state and federal regulations to guard your nonpublic information.  We do not sell or provide nonpublic information about our customers to others for their independent use.
Access to Your Information:
You have the right to obtain certain items of information we have collected about you, and to request correction of information if you feel it is inaccurate.  If we agree, we will correct our records accordingly.   If we do not agree, we will communicate this to you.  You should submit your written request to us at the address shown below.  Certain information collected in connection with, or in anticipation of, any claim or legal proceeding will not be made available.
Further Information:
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please write to us at:
A.I.M. Mutual Insurance Companies
54 Third Ave. - PO Box 4070
Burlington, MA 01803-0970
Attn: Finance Department
If you have multiple policies with A.I.M. Mutual Insurance Companies you will recieve a copy for each policy.
Use of Vendor Services
As a policyholder of A.I.M. Mutual Insurance Companies, you are eligible to take advantage of services provided by our vendor collaborators. All of these services are available to our policyholder group; see individual vendors for details of their services and costs. Please note that, while we update these vendor services and resources on a regular basis, A.I.M. Mutual Insurance Companies does not review them for substance, accuracy, or completeness and we do not endorse or validate any particular vendor or its services. This is general information offered for consideration in making your own business decisions; it is not legal advice, and by making it available we do not assume in any way your legal obligation to provide a safe workplace. A.I.M. MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANIES MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING ANY ASPECT OF SUCH VENDORS, SERVICES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE BUSINESSES. A.I.M. MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANIES IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS TO YOU ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF SUCH VENDORS OR SERVICES. We encourage you to contact your Injury Prevention & Worksite Wellness consultant with any questions you may have.