https://www.ptsg.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
News
Group News
Inside PTSG
Access & Safety
Safety Equipment Installation
Safety Equipment Testing
Access Equipment Installation
Access Equipment Maintenance
Electrical Services
Electrical Inspection and Testing
Specialist Earthing
Surge Protection Solutions
Lightning Protection Systems
Lightning Protection Testing
Building Access Specialists
Steeplejack Services
High-Level Installations
High-Level Reparation
High-Level Cleaning
Commercial Internal Cleaning
Enhanced Cleaning and Waste Disposal
Our two-minute survey
Fire Solutions
Dry Risers and Wet Risers
Fire Hydrants Testing
Sprinkler Systems
Fire Detection and Life Safety Systems
Security Systems
Fire Services Support and Maintenance
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This Privacy Policy was published 03 May, 2018. At PTSG we are committed to protect and respect your privacy in compliance with EU- General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This privacy policy explains when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. This privacy policy applies to the use of our services and to our sales, marketing and customer contract fulfilment activities. It also applies to individuals seeking a job at PTSG.
Who are we?
PTSG develops and delivers façade access and fall arrest equipment services, lightning protection and electrical testing, specialist building access and fire solutions. Our company’s headquarters is located in Castleford, West Yorkshire. The headquarters’ registered office address is 13-14 Flemming Court, Castleford, West Yorkshire, WF10 5HW.
When do we collect personal data about you?
When you are using our services.
When you interact with us in person, through correspondence, by phone, by social media, or through our websites.
When we collect personal information from other legitimate sources, such as third-party data aggregators, PTSG marketing partners, public sources or social networks. We only use this data if you have given your consent to them to share your personal data with others.
We may collect personal data if it is considered to be of legitimate interest, and if this interest is not overridden by your privacy interests. Before data is collected we make sure an assessment is made, ensuring that there is an established mutual interest between you and PTSG.
Why do we collect and use personal data?
We collect and use personal data mainly to perform direct sales, direct marketing and customer service. We also collect data about suppliers, partners and persons seeking a job or working in our company.
We may use your information for the following purposes:
Send you marketing communications which you have requested. These may include information about our products and services, events, activities, and promotions of our associated partners’ products and services. This communication is subscription based and requires your consent.
Send you information about the products and services that you have purchased from us.
Perform direct sales activities in cases where legitimate and mutual interest is established.
Provide you content and venue details on a webinar or event you signed up for.
Reply to a ‘Contact Us’ or other web forms you have completed on the PTSG website (e.g. to download a document/PDF).
Follow up on incoming requests (customer support, emails, chats, or phone calls).
Provide you with access and services related to PTSG.
Perform contractual obligations such as order confirmation, license details, invoice, reminders, and similar. The contract may be with PTSG directly or with a PTSG partner.
Notify you about any disruptions to our services.
Contact you to conduct surveys about your opinion on PTSG products and services.
Process a job application.
Our legal basis for collecting personal data
Collecting personal data based on consents
The collection of personal data based on consent from the data subject will be done by using “Consent Forms” that will store documentation related to the consent given by the individual. Individual consents will always be stored and documented in our systems.
Collecting personal data based on contracts
We use personal information for fulfilling our obligations related to contracts and agreements with customers, partners and suppliers.
Collecting personal data based on legitimate interest
We may use personal data if it is considered to be of legitimate interest, and if the privacy interests of the data subjects do not override this interest. Normally, to establish the legal basis for data collection, an assessment has been made during which a mutual interest between PTSG and the individual person has been identified. This legal basis is primarily related to our sales and marketing purposes. We will always inform individuals about their privacy rights and the purpose for collecting personal data.
What type of personal data is collected?
We collect name, phone number, title and email address, in addition to your company’s name and contact information. We may also collect feedback, comments and questions received from you in service-related communication and activities, such as meetings, phone calls, documents, and emails. From our websites we may collect IP-address and actions taken on the site.
If you apply for a job at PTSG, we collect the data you provide during the application process.
PTSG does not collect or process any special categories of personal data, such as public unique identifiers or sensitive personal data.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We store personal data for as long as we find it necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the personal data was collected, while also considering our need to answer your queries or resolve possible problems, to comply with legal requirements under applicable laws.
This means that we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period of time after your last interaction with us. When the personal data that we have collected is no longer required, we will delete it in a secure manner. We may process data for statistical purposes, but in such cases, data will be anonymized.
Your rights to your personal data
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
The right to request a copy of your personal data that PTSG holds about you.
The right to request that PTSG corrects your personal data if inaccurate or out of date.
The right to request that your personal data is deleted when it is no longer necessary for PTSG to retain such data.
The right to withdraw any consent to personal data processing at any time. For example, your consent to receive e-marketing communications:
If you want to withdraw your consent to e-marketing, please make use of the link to manage your subscriptions included in our communication. Please note that you may still receive system messages and administrative communications from PTSG, such as order confirmations, system messages and notifications about your account activities.
The right to request that PTSG provides you with your personal data and, if possible, to pass on this information directly (in a portable format) to another data controller when the processing is based on consent or contract.
The right to request a restriction on further data processing, in case there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data.
The right to object to the processing of personal data, in case data processing has been based on legitimate interest and/or direct marketing.
Any query about your Privacy Rights should be sent to info@ptsg.co.uk
The use of cookies and beacons
We use cookies and web beacons (‘Website Navigational Information’) to collect information as you navigate the company’s websites. Website Navigational Information includes standard information from your web browser, such as browser type and browser language; your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address; and the actions you take on the company’s websites, such as the web pages viewed and the links clicked.
This information is used to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to provide business and marketing information to the owners of the site, and to gather such personal data as browser type and operating system, referring page, path through site, domain of ISP, etc. for the purposes of understanding how visitors use a website. Cookies and similar technologies help us tailor our website to your personal needs, as well as to detect and prevent security threats and abuse. If used alone, cookies and web beacons do not personally identify you.
Do we share your data with anyone?
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade your information with any third parties without your consent, except from what is described below:
Third-party Service Providers working on our behalf:
We may pass your information on to our distributors, agents, sub-contractors and other associated organizations with the purpose of them providing services to you on our behalf.
If required by law:
We will disclose your personal information if required by law or if we, as a company, reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our company’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process. However, we will do what we can to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
PTSG reserves the right to amend this privacy policy at any time. The applicable version will always be found on our websites. We encourage you to check this privacy policy occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
If we make changes that significantly alter our privacy practices, we will notify you by email or post a notice on our websites prior to the change taking effect.
Your right to complain with a supervisory authority
If you are unhappy with the way in which your personal data has been processed, you may contact info@ptsg.co.uk.
Use of Cookies
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a “device”) browser from a website’s computer and is stored on your device’s hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.
How do we use Cookies?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience. For example, if on a previous visit you went to our blog pages, we might find this out from your cookie and highlight similar stories on your second and subsequent visits.
Third Party Cookies
Please note that during your visits to our website you may notice some cookies that are not related to directly to us. When you visit a page with content embedded from YouTube, or one which has a “Share” button, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. We have no control of these cookies and you should check the third party websites for more information about these.
Don’t want us to use cookies?
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this site, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Cookies used by https://www.ptsg.co.uk
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website. Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither PTSG or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information. These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.
Our Divisions
Copyright © 2020 PTSG LTD
Website by Mercury
Modern Slavery Statement | Terms and Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
MENU
PTSG Group
Home
About
What we do
Customer Experience
Policies
News
Group News
Inside PTSG
Our Links
Careers
Current Vacancies
Contact
PTSG Access & Safety
Home
Safety Equipment Installation
Safety Equipment Testing
Access Equipment Installation
Access Equipment Maintenance
PTSG Electrical Services
Home
Electrical Inspection and Testing
Specialist Earthing
Surge Protection Solutions
Lightning Protection Systems
Lightning Protection Testing
PTSG Building Access Specialists
Home
Steeplejack Services
High-Level Installations
High-Level Reparation
High-Level Cleaning
Commercial Internal Cleaning
Enhanced Cleaning and Waste Disposal
Our two-minute survey
PTSG Fire Solutions
Home
Dry Risers and Wet Risers
Fire Hydrants Testing
Sprinkler Systems
Fire Detection and Life Safety Systems
Security Systems
Fire Services Support and Maintenance
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close
By clicking 'I Accept', you agree to our Privacy and Cookie Policy.I AcceptRead our Privacy and Cookie Policy