https://www.technogym.com/us/privacy-policy/
The site uses its own technical cookies, anonymous third party analytic cookies and third-party cookies that could be used in profiling: in accessing any element/area of the site outside of this banner, you consent to receiving cookies. If you want to know more or refuse consent to cookies, click here.
OK
(800) 804-0952
Call our Consultants on
(800) 804-0952
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
Call us
Contacts
Stores
Support
About us
Newsroom
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Change country
Africa
Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Congo - Brazzaville
Congo - Kinshasa
Côte d’Ivoire
Djibouti
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Helena
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
Sudan
Swaziland
São Tomé and Príncipe
Tanzania
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Antarctica
Antarctica
Bouvet Island
French Southern Territories
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Asia
Afghanistan
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Bhutan
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Cambodia
China
Christmas Island
Cocos [Keeling] Islands
Georgia
Hong Kong SAR China
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Israel
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Lebanon
Macau SAR China
Malaysia
Maldives
Mongolia
Myanmar [Burma]
Nepal
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territories
Philippines
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
South Korea
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Vietnam
Yemen
Europe
Albania
Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Guernsey
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Isle of Man
Italy
Jersey
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City
Åland Islands
North america
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Costa Rica
Curaçao
Dominica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Martinique
Mexico
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles
Nicaragua
Panama
Puerto Rico
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
United States
Oceania
American Samoa
Australia
Cook Islands
Fiji
French Polynesia
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia
Nauru
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Pitcairn Islands
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Islands
Vanuatu
Wallis and Futuna
South america
Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Falkland Islands
French Guiana
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Privacy policy
1.          Data Controller and contact details
Technogym S.p.A., headquartered at Via Calcinaro 2861, 47521 Cesena (FC), Italy (hereinafter also referred to simply as “Technogym”) will collect and process your personal data in connection with the services offered via the website www.technogym.com (hereinafter also referred to simply as the “Website”), to manage your online purchases, to send you our newsletters, for direct marketing purposes via email or telephone and to grant you access to the Mywellness cloud platform which allows you to manage your Wellness® lifestyle in a digital environment where, thanks to smartphones, tablets and new available technologies, everyone is always connected to their own content.
You can contact our data protection officer at dpo@technogym or write to us by post, sending a letter marked for the attention of the Data Protection Officer at Technogym S.p.A., Via Calcinaro 2861, 47521 Cesena (FC), Italy.
To know your rights, please visit the section “Rights of the Data Subject” below.
2.          When does this policy statement apply?
If you visit the Website, or if you have bought a Technogym product or made contact with our company in any other way (e.g. by subscribing to our newslettehttps://www.technogym.com/rs, via telephone or at a Technogym event), you will find below full details about how we process your personal data.
If you access the Mywellness cloud platform and would like to receive the Mywellness cloud services, you will be requested to read the dedicated Privacy Policy and accept the Terms of Use of the Mywellness cloud platform. You will also be requested additional consents for the processing of your personal data.
3.          Purposes and legal basis of the data processing
We will process your personal data:
in order to fulfil our contractual obligations and, specifically, to allow you to browse and use the services offered on the Website, regardless of whether or not you are a registered user; provide a response to your replies, which may be automated; calculate estimates if requested; fulfil contracts for this sale or purchase of products or the provision of services; provide you with the necessary assistance in relation to products and services you have bought.
to use your personal data for marketing and market research purposes, with your consent, or to involve you in other commercial or promotional campaigns in addition to the sending of newsletters (you can always opt out of these campaigns) relating to other products or services offered by Technogym, possibly in partnership with third parties who will never have access to your data without your specific consent. Any promotional communications we send out may include content related to market research. They may be sent by email, social networks or telephone calls.
in accordance with the legitimate interests of Technogym, to analyze and improve the quality of our products and services (e.g. product liability, product recall campaigns, maintenance, quality and originality guarantees etc); to manage insurance risk; to guarantee the quality of customer services; to manage relations with Technogym distributors; to manage the loss and/or destruction of data and unauthorized access; to manage and internally control our activities; to publish on Technogym channels any images or videos made during public events (promotional events or trade fairs); to carry out statistical analysis on the use of the services and, if necessary, to exercise our right to take legal action. In accordance with our legitimate interests we may also send you promotional communications about similar products or services to those you have bought in the past and/or based on profile information you have supplied us with. You may object to the sending of promotional material, at any time;
to comply with any other obligations deriving from the applicable laws or orders made by the authorities, including accounting and tax obligations, and product warranties.
The provision of personal data is always optional, but if it is not provided it may be impossible for us to proceed with certain operations, such as those required for the fulfilment of the contract or to provide services you have requested.
4.          The data we process
In the context of your use of the Website and/or your written or telephone communications with us, Technogym will process the following data:
Data you provide us with
We will process some of your personal details, including your name, surname, the contact details you have supplied us with or used to communicate with us, such as your email address, postal address or telephone number, and any other personal information you may have supplied us with (profile information given during registration on the Website). In certain cases we may process your credit card details, but only for the time strictly necessary to complete a payment.
Browsing data
During their ordinary course of operation, the IT systems and software procedures required to run this Website will acquire certain personal data, the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected to be associated with identified data subjects. However, by its very nature, it might allow to identify users through the processing and matching of data held by third parties. This category of data includes the computer IP addresses and domain names of the computers used by users who connect to the Website, as well as the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier) of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in reply, the numerical code indicating the status of the reply from the server (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the user’s operating system and IT system. This data is processed for the purposes of receiving statistical information about the use of the Website and check that it is working correctly. Browsing data may be used to establish liability in the event of any potential computer crimes against the Website.
Cookies
We may also process data related to your training goals and objectives, as indicated at the time of registration or subsequently.
Information about cookies used by Technogym can be found in our Cookie Policy.
5.          Recipients of your personal data
Your personal data may be known and processed by:
distributors of Technogym or other parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Technogym group in Italy, in the European Union or in non-EU countries (refer to the following paragraph with regard to international transfers);
suppliers of Technogym, such as the providers of technology services or financial intermediaries, banks, credit institutions, lenders, operators of centralised information systems (risk registers, anti-fraud centres etc.), insurance companies, consultants and freelancers assisting Technogym with debt recovery or dispute management, individuals providing packaging, shipping and delivery services or managing the sending of post and commercial communications, in the capacity of data processors;
the personnel of the above-mentioned providers, for the sole purpose of completing the activities for which your data was collected, in the capacity of data processor.
6.          International transfers
When we transfer your data to third parties based outside the EU or in countries that cannot guarantee an adequate level of data protection, we will do so after stipulating appropriate contractual guarantees with the third party provider, based on the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission.
7.          Period of retention of data
Your personal data will be stored only for the time needed to complete the purpose for which it was collected, and in any case for no more than 10 (ten) years from the date of termination of the contract or from the last date on which you made contact with Technogym (for example the last time you communicated with us or accessed your reserved area), unless it is essential to keep the data for a longer period of time, in accordance with the applicable laws.
8.          Rights of the data subject
You have the right to know which personal data is being processed. In particular, you have the right of access, rectification and erasure and the right to portability of data, the right to limit the processing and the right to object to the processing, where the conditions are met. If the data is processed for marketing purposes, or is based on our legitimate interests, you may object to it at any time. For more information about the processing of your personal data, or to exercise your right, you can contact the email address dpo@technogym.com or write to us by ordinary post, sending a letter marked for the attention of the Data Protection Officer at Technogym S.p.A., Via Calcinaro 2861, 47521 Cesena (FC), Italy.
Below is a brief illustration of your rights in relation to the processing of your personal data.
The right of access enables you to obtain confirmation of whether or not Technogym is processing your personal data and if necessary access that data and the related information;
The right of rectification allows you to obtain the modification of inaccurate personal details without unjustified delay and, taking into account the purposes of the data processing, to obtain the integration of incomplete data;
The right to erasure enables you to obtain the erasure of your data without unjustified delay (e.g. when your personal data is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected), subject to the exceptions provided for by the applicable laws (e.g. when the retention of your data is necessary in order to comply with legal obligations applicable to the data controller);
The right to data portability allows you to receive your personal data, as supplied to Technogym, in certain circumstances provided for by the applicable laws, in a structured, commonly used, legible format from an automated device. You may send this data to another data controller provided that this right is permitted under the applicable laws, and except in the case where this could harm the rights and freedoms of others; for certain services we have put in place automated portability systems which you will find on your account.
The right to limit the data processing allows you to limit the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances as provided for by the applicable laws. In such cases Technogym may continue to process your data, but only in certain cases, for example in order to exercise its right of defence and to protect the rights of another natural or legal person;
The right to object to data processing allows you, in certain circumstances provided for by the applicable laws, to object to the processing of your personal data unless there are prevailing legitimate reasons, rights or freedoms that would allow Technogym to continue to process the data;
If there are reasons connected to your specific situation, you may object to the processing of your personal data at any time if it is based on a legitimate interest of Technogym or of a third party. In such cases, Technogym will no longer process the data unless there are other legitimate reasons to proceed with the processing.
At any time you may complain to the Data Protection Authority if you consider that you have not obtained a satisfactory response from Technogym in relation to your rights or if you consider that they have been violated.
Call us
Chat
Write us
Chat
How could we help you?
Commercial support
Logistics support
Technical support
All our operators are currently busy
Try again in a few minutes, or write us a message and we'll get back to you as soon as possible
Write a message
The chat will be available again soon
The chat is active at these times:
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
You can also write us a message: we will reply as soon as possible
Write a message
Call us
(800) 804-0952
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
Or book a telephone appointment
Book an appointment
Chat
How could we help you?
Commercial support
Logistics support
Technical support
All our operators are currently busy
Try again in a few minutes, or write us a message and we'll get back to you as soon as possible
Write a message
The chat will be available again soon
The chat is active at these times:
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
You can also write us a message: we will reply as soon as possible
Write a message
Call us
(800) 804-0952
Monday to Friday8:00 AM - 7:00 PM EST
Or book a telephone appointment
Book an appointment
Write us
I agree to the Technogym Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Subscribe
I agree to the Technogym Terms of Use and Privacy Policy