http://www.rocklandtrust.com/about-us/explore/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Download Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view PDF files.
Privacy Policy
Home
About Us/Explore
Privacy Policy
To print a copy of this Privacy Notice, please click here
Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES ROCKLAND TRUST DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and transaction history
Payment history and credit scores
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Rockland Trust chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Rockland Trust Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes -
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
Yes
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -
information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes -
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For our nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
To limit  our sharing
Call 800.222.2299 - our menu will prompt you through your choice(s)
Download this form, fill in the form section at the bottom and complete the mail in portion as instructed. Please note : If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date you opened your account. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call 800.222.2299
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
Rockland Trust Company, including its affiliates, as listed below.
What We Do
How does Rockland Trust protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard personal information.
How does Rockland Trust collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or make deposit or withdrawals
Apply for a loan or apply for insurance
Seek advice about your investments
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
In that case, your choice will apply to everyone on your account - unless you tell us otherwise.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include Compass Exchange Advisors, LLC; Bright Rock Capital Management LLC; and multiple Rockland Trust Community Development Corporations.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Rockland Trust does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include the credit card company that provides our jointly branded card.
Other Important Information
Vermont residents
: We will automatically limit the disclosure of your confidential information within and outside of Rockland Trust in accordance with Vermont law.
Connect with us:
Personal 508.732.7072
|Business 508.732.7078
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
YouTube
Popular Request
Routing Number: 011304478
SWIFT Address: RTCOUS33
Reorder Checks Here
Branches with Sunday Hours
Branches with Coin Counters
Explore Rockland
About Rockland Trust
Careers
Branch Services
Community Support
Customer Information Center Hours
M-F 7:00 am to 8:00 pm
Sat 8:00 am to 5:00 pm
Sun 10:00 am to 3:00 pm
How Can We Help
Branch & ATM Locations
Security Center
Contact Us Online
Reporting Fraud
Get financial tips and advice:
Leave me blank for Newsletter.
Enter Your Email Address
SUBSCRIBE
There was an error submitting the form
×Close modal
Personal Banking
Personal Banking
Investment Accounts
Business Banking
×Close modal
Log in to your Personal Accounts
Rockland Trust Online Banking gives you a variety of services that help you use and manage your accounts, whenever and wherever you want.
* indicates a required field.
Online Banking Login (required)
Log In
Forgot ID
Enroll
Bill Pay Demo
Security
Personal Credit Card
Log In
Log in to your Investment Accounts
Rockland Trust makes it easy to manage all of your accounts with our simple online portals.
Investment Management – IMG Wealth
Log In
LPL Account View
Log In
Log in to your Business Accounts
Rockland Trust gives you a variety of services that help you use and manage your accounts, whenever and wherever you want.
* indicates a required field.
Online Banking Login (required)
Log In
Enroll
Bill Pay Demo
Security
Remote Deposit Plus
Log In
Business Credit Card
Log In
Tax Payments
Log In
Foreign Exchange Online
Log In