https://www.steelheadproductions.com/privacy-policy
About Us
Services
Digital Engagement
Exhibit Design
Turnkey Services
Portfolio
Resources
Resource Library
Blog
Careers
NEW: Digital Engagement
Contact
Privacy Policy
Steelhead Productions respects your privacy and the security of your personal information. For this reason, we have updated our Privacy Policy (“Policy”) as of July 25, 2018. It describes the information that we collect, how we use it and what choices you have.
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for steelheadproductions.com and its subdomains. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns.
We may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
The information we collect automatically may include personal information or we may associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: (a) estimate our audience size and usage patterns; (b) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests; (c) speed up your searches; and (d) recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Steelhead Productions, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@steelheadproductions.com.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some content or applications on the Website are served by third-parties, including content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers or others.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from Steelhead Productions. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address/contact information used by Steelhead Productions to promote our own or third parties’ products or services by sending us an e-mail stating your request to info@steelheadproductions.com. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to Steelhead Productions as a result of a product purchase, product service experience, or other transactions.
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You may send us an e-mail at info@steelheadproductions.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Steelhead Productions 4220 West Windmill Lane Suite 100 Las Vegas, NV 89139 Phone: 702-405-0190
Exhibit Happy
About
Privacy Policy
Client Site
Careers
Steelhead Productions
4220 West Windmill Lane Suite 100
Las Vegas, NV 89139
Phone: 702-405-0190
Copyright © 2020 Steelhead Productions