http://www.privatebanking.info/user/privacy_policy.jsp
en
ru
jp
Login
Home
News
Library
Newsletters
Event Calendar
Advertise
About
Contact
FAQ
Finance Lounge
LOGIN HERE!
Add privatebanking.com as a search provider to your browser
Advanced Search
Private Banking & Wealth Management search tool
Search entity
Home
Privacy Policy
Back
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Privatebanking.com a site produced and operated by Rossi Media Corp. and its subsidiary, affiliates, successors and assignees (hereinafter collectively referred to as "the Company" and/or "we" and/or "our"). All Products and Services on this website (as defined in our Terms of Service "TOS") are made available subject to this Privacy Policy. By using our Products and Services, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy or any other privacy or data collection policy applicable to any individual Privatebanking.com Web site and to receive any required legal notices regarding our privacy practices through the continuous posting of a clear and conspicuous link to the current version of this Privacy Policy throughout the website near the bottom of most pages. If you become an inactive user, we will adhere to the policies and practices as described in this Privacy Policy, which may be revised from time to time without notice to you.
Please carefully read our privacy practices; however, keep in mind that our websites contain links to other sites and we occasionally allow other sites to be co-branded with the Privatebanking.com name. Web sites that are linked to the Company's sites or carry the Privatebanking.com or Investor.Info brand for co-branding or marketing purposes may have privacy policies which differ from that of this site.
What information we collect
In order to better understand your needs and preferences we must collect information so that we can make appropriate changes and improvements to our sites. While you are not required to register for any services on our sites, some Products and Services may not function properly or may not be accessible unless you do.
Information collected online is usually defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable. Anonymous information refers to data that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. For example, the Company collects some information each time a visitor comes to a privatebanking.com site so we can improve the overall quality of the visitor's online experience. The Company may or may not collect the visitor's IP address (e.g., whether the user is logged on from ibm.com or aol.com), referral data (e.g., the Internet address of the last Web page visited by a user before clicking over to the Privatebanking.com site), and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform). The Company also collects aggregate search terms from its site search function and for internal reporting and targeted advertising. The Company collects this user information for purposes of product monitoring, product improvement, and targeted advertising. You do not have to register with privatebanking.com before we can collect this anonymous information.
Personally identifiable information refers to data that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name and postal address, which may be collected in addition to the anonymous data described above. The Company collects personal information in the following ways from different parts of its network of Web sites:
Privatebanking.com Registration: When you register to use one or more sites you provide the Company with your name, postal address, Postal/ZIP Code, email address, birth date, gender, telephone number, occupation, marital status and other information. While not all of this data is required for our services to function, we are better able to customize your experience if you volunteer to submit complete and accurate information. Users who complete the registration process are given a Privatebanking.com ID and can take full advantage of the many offerings and services across the sites.
Other Registration: In addition to registration for various services on our website, we may ask you for personal information at other times, including when you enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by us. Be aware that our co-brand partners may also ask for personal information. If you purchase any services/goods or elect to pledge an amount in favour of a charity listed on our websites, we or the third party with whom you choose to transact will ask for a valid credit card number. If you decide not to provide the requested information, the Company or a third party may not be able to offer you some of the personalized services that depend on this type of information to function.
Correspondence: If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may or may not collect email addresses of those who communicate with us via email. We also use the information provided so that we may respond to the email.
When you use Products and Services designed to post or transmit content, that content is necessarily stored in our computers for varying periods of time and associated with the registration information for your account. The Company will not use or disclose such content except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Who is collecting the information
When you register for a service within the Privatebanking.com website, that information is generally collected and maintained solely by the Company unless specifically stated otherwise at the point of collection. If data is collected and/or maintained by any other company (third party), we will tell you at the point of collection. If you do not want to share your information with that specified entity, you can choose not to use that service.
We may run promotions and sweepstakes. These promotions may be sponsored or co-sponsored by third-party companies. Data collected during a promotion is typically shared with the sponsor or co-sponsor. We will inform you at the point of collection whether or not we are sharing your personal data as a result of your participation in a promotion or sweepstakes. If you do not want to have us share your data, you can choose not to participate in the promotion or sweepstakes.
Be aware that our sponsors and other advertisers have links on the site that may take you to external sites. Some of these sites may collect personally identifiable information from you, and third-party advertising networks may use cookies and Web beacons in their advertisements to collect certain information from you. While the Company hopes that all third parties involved adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users, our Privacy Policy does not cover third-party data collection practices and the Company does not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties.
What "cookies" and "Web beacons" are and how they are used
In addition to the personally identifiable information that we actively collect when you register, we also collect anonymous information passively using cookies and Web beacons. This technology plays an important role in making the Internet work, but there is much confusion among Internet users about what cookies and Web beacons are and how they are used.
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a Web site to the hard drive of your computer so that the site administrator may identify your computer and passively track its activities on the Web site. This unique number identifies your Web browser to our computer system whenever you visit one of the Privatebanking.com sites. A cookie will not allow a Web site to learn any personally identifiable information (such as your real name and address) that you have not otherwise disclosed.
Cookies allow us to automatically remember your Web browser when you visit our Web sites. To help serve you better, we generally uses cookies to allow us to deliver products and services more efficiently. By storing certain registration and preference information on cookies or associating cookies with registration, preference or profile information stored on our computers, we can deliver products and services that use such information more quickly and efficiently for more users. This information is normally saved in an encrypted form that only we can interpret.
Prevent others from using your account. On some Privatebanking.com sites, cookies help us efficiently determine that only one user is logged on under the same member name at a time.
Measure statistics such as audience size and traffic patterns. This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your personally identifiable information.
Display advertisements. Cookies let us know whether or not a Web browser has seen a particular advertisement (so we can show you a variety of material) and count the number of advertisements displayed to a particular browser. We also use cookies to customize the advertising you see based on non-personally identifiable demographic information that you provide when you register.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and they are currently used on most major Web sites. It is possible to adjust your Web browser preferences to alert you when a cookie is sent to your hard drive, or to refuse cookies altogether. While we do not require you to use cookies, keep in mind that certain sites and services will not function properly if you set your browser to refuse all cookies.
Web beacons, also known as clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs, are small image files that we may place on Web pages and within Web-based email newsletters that we send. Working in conjunction with cookies, Web beacons allow us to accurately count the number of unique users who have visited a specific page on Privatebanking.com's sites and the number of times those pages are displayed. We can also use Web beacons to let us know how many people opened a Web-based email newsletter. This information is only collected in aggregate form and will not be linked to your personally identifiable information.
Without cookies and Web beacons, it would be difficult for the Company to know which services have a larger audience than others. Tracking audience size helps us to better understand when to launch new services and enhance the current offerings. Keep in mind that any image file on a Web page can act as a Web beacon.
Because Web beacons work in conjunction with cookies, you can prevent our Web beacon from collecting anonymous information by setting your Web browser to refuse all cookies or the Privatebanking.com cookie in particular. Web beacons are built into our Web pages, therefore non-functional Web beacons will continue to appear even if you refuse cookies.
How the information is used
Any personally identifiable information you share with the Company when registering for Products and Services at any of our Web sites is maintained and accessible only by the Company unless specifically stated otherwise. The Company requests information from its users so that users can enjoy customized experiences across our sites, including personalization services, interactive communications, online games and much more. Most of these Products and Services are available to you at no cost, Privatebanking.com's main activity is to displays advertisements so that we can continue to provide great content and services free of charge. We can also better prepare future content based on your interests.
We also use the aggregate data to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our registered users and visitors, to measure user demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Company's sites, and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. We do not track what pages individual users are browsing, but rather how well each page performs overall. Without such data, we would not know which parts of the Company's websites are the most popular, and we would not be able to change and update the content and services appropriately.
The company collects an aggregate list of search terms from its site search module. This information is collected anonymously and used primarily for the purposes of product development, monitoring, and improvement, as well as targeted advertising. Please note, however, that we may share this anonymous information with third-party companies.
Sometimes we use an individual registered user's data to "pre-populate" online forms that are displayed for the purpose of collecting additional individual data by the Company, selected third-party sites, and/or sponsors and advertisers.
We may, from time to time, use your information to contact you about changes or enhancements to Products and Services on the Company's sites, issues regarding your account, or the Company's Terms of Service violations or suspensions.
If you enter a sweepstakes or a contest anywhere on the Company's sites, we will use the information you provided to contact you in the event you win.
If you told us that you were interested in receiving offers or information from selected sponsors and advertisers, We or third parties on our behalf will send you email about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. For those who elect to receive such materials directly from selected sponsors or advertisers, we will release personally identifiable information to the applicable sponsor or advertiser. Information released includes name, email address, postal address and other information supplied in the Company's website registration process. We may also combine information we have about you with information we obtain about you from third parties for the purpose of providing you with more appropriate products, services, and offerings.
Subscription Customers: Your credit card information is used to collect your current and/or recurrent subscription/service fees for purchased goods and/or services. Your credit card information could also be used to verify the age of a parent or guardian in such cases the credit card will not be charged.
With whom the collected information is shared
By providing the Company with your personally identifiable information, you authorize us to internally share that information with other companies and or divisions of our group, including companies that become part of our group in the future.
As described below, the Company will sometimes share personally identifiable information with third-party companies and organizations. In most cases, you agree to share your information when you choose to register at a co-branded Web site. Co-branded sites are operated by third-party companies and offer a particular service or product to the Company's website members. We may also maintain private label relationships where a third-party company provides us with technology, services and/or content under the Company's branding.
Whenever you provide registration information on co-branded or private label sites, that data may be shared with the third-party company providing the service. You should make every effort to read the individual privacy policies of such third parties and make an informed decision on your own whether or not to continue based upon these sites' privacy practices and your own discretion. You may opt-out of sharing your information with such providers by choosing not to use that service or content.
When you find goods or services through the Company's website, you submit data directly to the individual merchants from whom you order goods or services. Please review carefully the privacy policies of any particular merchants that you access through our site.
In addition to finding co-branded and private label sites, you will find direct links on our site to sites operated by third parties. No third-party sites are covered by our Privacy Policy.
The Company may disclose information about individual users to third parties who agree to provide services to us and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These third parties will provide a variety of services to us, including, without limitation, processing and storing user information, helping to create new content and promotions for the Company, and sending or coordinating the sending of marketing communications that users have consented to receive. Also, we will disclose information about individual users to governmental or judicial authorities or law enforcement agencies, or to other individuals or entities in response to subpoena, court order, or other legal process. In matters involving a danger to personal or public safety, we may voluntarily provide information to appropriate governmental authorities.
Our opt-out policy
You can opt out of sharing your personally identifiable information with any third-party service or content providers in any areas of the Company's website by choosing not to use such areas.
In addition, all The Company newsletters and direct email communications have easy-to-follow unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
What we do to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
The Company has security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect any personally identifiable data stored on our computers. Only authorized employees have access to the information you provide us. Any particularly sensitive information, such as a credit card number used to purchase services is encrypted prior to transmission.
While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take many precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your access ID and password. Please take care when using and storing them. We recommends that you do not divulge your password to anyone. You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence, especially if several people have access to your personal computer or you are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
What you can do to better protect yourself on the Internet
Know the risks. Meeting new people in an online community (chat room, forum, newsgroup, message board, Web page, etc.) is one of the best things about the Internet, but you should always be careful about disclosing personal information such as an actual name, member name, email address, and so on. This information may be collected and used by others within the online community to send unsolicited email messages from other parties. Educate yourself. Search the Web for as much information as you can about how to protect your privacy. Look for a privacy policy on all the Web sites you visit.
Home
News
Library
Newsletters
Event Calendar
Advertise
About
Contact
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
©
Copyright by PRIVATE BANKING.COM2002-2018 - All rights reserved.