http://www.webpro.com/privacy-policy/
Call us: 888.999.4887
Home
Services
Business Website Design
Digital Marketing
Search Engine Optimization
Organic Search Marketing
Toxic SEO Removal
Technical SEO
Influencer Marketing
Website Rescue
Full Stack Development
eCommerce
Website Audit
About
Our News
News
SEO Scientific
Our Work
Pricing
Get Started
888.999.4887
Your Privacy
This website is owned and operated by the WEBPRO International, Inc. We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Policy addresses those concerns. This policy may be changed or updated from time to time. We are available to answer any questions or concerns.
Our Policy
WEBPRO International, Inc. uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we do not require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. WEBPRO International only gathers personally identifiable data, such as names, addresses, zip/postal codes, e- mail addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. For example, personally identifiable information may be collected in order to respond to a stated desire to help a client achieve a programming, consulting or a web site solution.
This information is used solely by the WEBPRO International, Inc. or other entities who are involved in the operation of this site for internal purposes. WEBPRO International, Inc. lists are never sold to third parties. We will only share personally identifiable information with third parties when (i) the person submitting the information authorizes us to share it; (ii) sharing the information is a necessary operation of the site, for instance, to process a credit card transaction, or (iii) if we are required to by law. WEBPRO International, Inc. has no control over or responsibility for the data collection and use practices of third parties that process online credit card transactions.
Is Credit Card Information Secure?
We care about the safety and security of your transaction. We use certified encryption and the https security protocol to communicate with your browser software. This method is the industry standard security protocol, which makes it extremely difficult for anyone else to intercept the credit card information you send to us. Companies we work with to process credit card transactions also use high grade encryption and security protocols.
Is My Personal Information Secure?
Yes. The same high grade encryption and https security protocols used for financial transactions on our site are used in collecting personal information to schedule your appointment to WEBPRO or by calling 1-888-999-4887.
We Care About Doing It Right
In addition to maintaining privacy and security controls over information you share with us, WEBPRO International works consciously to process your requests during business hours. The WEBPRO staff is available to answer questions about your submissions or financial transactions Monday through Friday between the hours of 9:00AM and 6:30PM EST.
WEBPRO International, Inc. employs error checking procedures to make certain transactions are processed completely and accurately. As necessary, changes are made to improve our systems. And, independent external and internal audits are conducted to ensure the privacy, security and appropriate processing of your information on our site.
How Do We Use "Cookies"?
Visitors should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the WEBPRO International website through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor's ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. WEBPRO International, Inc. uses "cookie" technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors' online experience and facilitate their visit within our site.
Note to Parents on Our Privacy Policy
WEBPRO International, Inc. welcomes children to learn more about our organization and where to appropriate information about our technologies. Example: book reports on Internet development or how e-commerce may work.
However, we encourage this to be done only with their parent's knowledge and supervision. For this reason, the WEBPRO International follows the guidelines for interactive electronic media published by the Children's Advertising Review Unit of the Better Business Bureau. Special notices urging children to get their parent's permission before providing any personal information into our site.
Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us should you have any questions about the operation of the site.
Getting Started
The journey begins by learning every facet of your business. By doing so, we become more creative with search marketing as well as developing efficient tools your users will appreciate.
Name
Email Address
Business Phone
Company Name
State or Province
State/Province
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon
Website Address
Message
More
Processing Request...
Close