http://www.kinco.com/contact-us/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions before using the website.
General
Kinco maintains the site, and the site contains content and information about products, trademarks, photos, logos and customer submissions. All of these are registered by and are the property of Kinco and cannot be used without written approval from Kinco – please contact Kinco for this approval.
Kinco owns the right to revise the Terms and Conditions at any time.
Downloads
You are allowed to download and print our newest catalog as you want for personal, non-commercial use only. However, any modification and duplication of the content, photos and commercial usage are prohibited without approval from Kinco.
Intellectual Property (Trademarks)
All trademarks on the site are registered or owned by Kinco. You understand that any unauthorized use of the marks are strictly prohibited and may violate local, state, national or international laws and other privacy rights.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
Kinco provides purchase information on the site so users can link directly to other sites maintained by third parties. However, these websites are not controlled by Kinco and, therefore, Kinco is not notified of changes made to the content on those sites. When you decide to click on a link we provide which opens another site, viewing that site is at your own risk. Kinco is not responsible for your privacy, safety, and any loss or damage that may be caused by connecting to other websites.
Privacy Policy
Please review our privacy policy for detailed information regarding your personal privacy, including personal information submitted on this website such as name, address, phone number, email address and credit cards.
Applicable Law
This site is maintained by Kinco located in the State of Oregon, USA. These terms and conditions are governed under the Oregon state law.
Photo Submissions
When submitting your photos, product reviews, and inquiries to Kinco, please be aware of the following conditions:
Your photograph and written content may be used by Kinco in any of our various online, catalog, multimedia or print media.
The photo submission process is intended for adults only (over the age of 18 in most jurisdictions) who own or have sufficient rights of the photographs to allow use by Kinco. If you are submitting photos that contain children under the age of 18, you agree that you have the parental or guardianship rights to do so.