http://www.wholesalejewelry.net/privacy-policy
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy
We respect and protect your privacy!
Here at Wholesale Jewelry and Accessories, we know that you care how information about yourself is used and with whom it is shared. We appreciate your trust that we will handle the information you provide us carefully and sensibly. The following FAQ describes our privacy policy. By visiting our site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that for the remainder of this document the terms "us", "our site", "we", and other  language in the first person refer to our company, WholesaleJewelry.net.
Privacy FAQ
What Personal Information About Customers Does WholesaleJewelry.net Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at our website. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.  Things like your Favorite Items, Past Purchases (saved for only 7 days) are used by our company to enhance your shopping experience and are NEVER SOLD OR GIVEN TO ANY OTHER COMPANY OR PERSON outside of WholesaleJewelry.net. We use the information that you provide solely for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you about your orders and account.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our site.  This information includes how many visitors enter our site, if they are previous customers, which types of search engines they have used to find our site and other helpful marketing tools.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from us if your computer supports such capabilities.
We DO NOT purchase or distribute e-mail or postal mailing lists.  We do not give other companies or organizations access to our customer information AT ANY TIME.  We do retain contact information in order to better serve our customers in the future.
Information from Other Sources: For reasons such as improving personalization of our service (for example, providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you), we might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. We also sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does Your Site Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to log out of your account when finished using a shared computer.
Children
WholesaleJewelry.net does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use our site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Should you have any further questions regarding the privacy and security of your information, please do not hesitate to contact us and we would be happy to assist you.
×
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to our weekly newsletter and receive information about the latest Products!
Email Address
×