https://www.kinamed.com/cookie-policy
Skip to main content
Cookie Policy
Caution:
Federal law restricts these devices to sale by or on the order of a physician. Prior to use of a Kinamed device, please review the instructions for use and surgical technique for a complete listing of indications, contraindications, warnings, precautions, and directions for use.
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Kinamed Inc. (“Kinamed” or “we”, “us”, “our”) provides this Web site (“site”) as a service to professionals in and serving the medical device industry.
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Kinamed’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Kinamed’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Kinamed at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on any Kinamed web site are provided “as is”. Kinamed makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Kinamed does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Kinamed or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on any Kinamed Internet site, even if Kinamed or a Kinamed authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on any Kinamed web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Kinamed does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Kinamed may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Kinamed does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Kinamed has not reviewed all of the external sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Kinamed of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk. You should assume affiliate links are used whenever they are available when linking to products for your convenience and if you click on them and buy something, Kinamed may earn a small percentage of the seller’s profit and should not impact the price you pay.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Kinamed may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to any Kinamed web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Privacy Policy
Kinamed is committed to safeguarding the privacy of personal data (“Information”). This Privacy Notice outlines the collection, use, and disclosure of personal Information provided to us. When Information is submitted to us, or you use our websites and other services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that Information as described in this Privacy Notice.
Although Kinamed respects the privacy of this site’s users (or “members”, or “visitors,” “subscribers”), we collect Information from site members, visitors, and subscribers. The Privacy Policy governs users’ interaction with the site and users’ registration for and use of the site’s online services. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy, the site’s Terms of Service agreement, and/or other published guidelines, Kinamed does not release Information about the site’s visitors without their permission.
Please note that Kinamed reviews these privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are therefore subject to change. Kinamed asks users to periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of the site’s Privacy Policy. To contact Kinamed about privacy issues, to report a violation of the site’s Privacy Policy, or to raise any other issue regarding the site, please send an e-mail to contact@kinamed.com.
Kinamed gathers non-personally identifiable Information
As users access the site, Kinamed collects and aggregates Information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were employed. Collecting such Information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system, and browser software used by each visitor. Although such Information is not personally identifiable, Kinamed can determine from the IP address a visitor’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of the user’s point of connectivity.
The non-personally identifiable Information collected helps in diagnosing any server problems, administering the site, identifying the most popular areas of the site, and determining the effectiveness of promotional activities.
For the same purposes, Kinamed uses “cookies” – that is, small text files placed on your computer’s hard drive – to help determine the type of content and sites visited, the length of time spent on a particular site, and the usage of services offered via the site. For Information on how users can control their Web browser’s acceptance of cookies, please refer to the documentation accompanying the browser.
GDPR privacy notice
The purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is to protect all European Union (“EU”) citizens from privacy and data breaches by allowing citizens to maintain control of the personal data kept and processed by organizations, which includes Kinamed. The GDPR also protects the personal data of individuals, regardless of citizenry, in the EU. As a result, this site employs technology to be served, at a minimum, to visitors accessing the site from all EU geographies and at a minimum of once per month. At that time, the visitor is given the option to accept or decline the placement of cookies on the visitor’s device and, in cases where the visitor chooses neither option, Kinamed will assume consent is given to access the visitor’s Information.
Kinamed also gathers personally identifiable Information
Certain areas of the site may require that users provide personally identifiable Information (such as name, e-mail address, and phone). In addition, when registering to set up an account to use certain services on the site such as e-mail, discussion forums, or to receive newsletters or specifically targeted Information (“services”), Kinamed may require users to provide additional personally identifiable Information.
Kinamed does not knowingly collect personally identifiable Information from children (defined herein as minors younger than thirteen years of age) without obtaining parental consent. Before registering for an account to use the services of the site, Kinamed requests that all minors have their parents read the Privacy Policy and continue their involvement throughout the registration process.
How Kinamed Uses/Does Not Use Gathered Information
Please take some time to become familiar with the different ways Kinamed uses the Information gathered. Keep in mind that, while Kinamed encourages all third parties involved to adhere to this site’s Privacy Policy and to otherwise handle personal Information in a responsible manner, Kinamed cannot and does not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use Information received either from Kinamed or independently. Nevertheless, in the event users encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with Kinamed, who is improperly collecting or using personal Information, please contact contact@kinamed.com who will forward the message to the third party.
Use of non-personally identifiable Information Kinamed uses non-personally identifiable Information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of the site visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the site.
The site may contain links to other Internet Web sites, including co-branded or other affiliated sites that may or may not be owned or operated by Kinamed. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, Kinamed is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites, including such sites’ use of any Information (such as IP number, browser type, or operating system) collected when visitors to the site click through links to those sites. Even though such Information might not identify the user personally, users should be familiar with the privacy practices of those other sites.
Use of personally identifiable Information Kinamed provides notice to potential registrants of this site whose personally identifiable Information will be collected during the registration or other processes including the voluntarily submission of any form on the site. Such notice is provided simultaneously with the user’s registration on this site; moreover, this policy itself serves as notice that such Information is collected under those circumstances. Although users may not “opt out” of the registration process and still receive access to the services, users may choose to “opt out” of receiving promotional materials from Kinamed and/or other business partners. If the user does not “opt out” of receiving such promotional materials, Kinamed reserves the right to release user’s personally identifiable registration Information to third parties who provide goods or services that Kinamed believes may be of interest to the user. If the user decides to discontinue receiving promotional Information from such third parties, please contact those third parties directly, or contact Kinamed at contact@kinamed.com.
We collect Information from individuals only as necessary in the exercise of our legitimate interests, functions, and responsibilities. Examples and rationale for these include, but are not limited to:
Online discussions In order to properly attribute your commentaries to you, we display your name on our online discussion forums and attempt, but do not guarantee, we will be able to hyperlink your name to your LinkedIn profile URL, when available.
Site or content access In cases where you access restricted content which requires your subscription (i.e., to log on as a user), your Information is collected and retained by us until you ask us to remove your Information from our databases and further, when the restricted content is supplied by a Third Party, you should assume your Information will be given to the Third Party in exchange for your access to that content.
Contractual work Kinamed may share information with Third Parties who have entered into contracts with Kinamed to perform functions on behalf of Kinamed, subject to the obligation of confidentiality and safeguarding from unauthorized disclosure.
Kinamed limits its own e-mail contact and solicitations to those users who have not “opted out” of receiving such communications. The solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the user with a method of “opting out” of receiving future communications of a similar nature.
Finally, Kinamed may use individual members’ data to “pre-populate” forms, which are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by Kinamed. In no case does pre-populating a form transfer any data to any third party. Only if the user voluntarily requests that such data be transferred will any transfer take place – for example, if/when a user clicks a “submit form” button or other button.
Kinamed reserves the right to release any and all Information contained within access logs concerning any visitor when that visitor is in violation of Kinamed’s “Terms of Service” agreement or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such Information in response to discovery requests, or in response to any circumstance in which Kinamed, in its sole discretion, deems an emergency. Kinamed cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using its servers or services for illegal activities. Kinamed also reserves the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution.
Kinamed will post the relevant privacy Information in the official rules and/or registration area for any promotions it sponsors. That privacy Information, to the extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that particular promotion.
Third Party use of Sensitive Information
We may disclose your Sensitive Information and other Information as follows:
Consent: We may disclose Information if we have your consent to do so.
Public Information: We may share your Information if you have made it public.
Archiving: We may share your Information for archival purposes in the public interest, and for historical research and statistical purposes.
Legal Obligation: We may share your Information when the disclosure is required or permitted by international, federal, and state laws and regulations.
Service Providers: We use third parties who have entered into a contract with Kinamed to support our operations and policies. In such cases, we share your Information with such third parties subject to the imposition of appropriate safeguards to prevent further unauthorized disclosure.
De-Identified and Aggregate Information: We may use and disclose Information in de-identified or aggregate form without limitation.
Security
All Information gathered on the site is stored within a controlled database accessible only to Kinamed to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of the Information under its control. However, as effective as any security measure implemented by Kinamed may be, no security system is impenetrable. Kinamed cannot guarantee the security of its database, nor can it guarantee that the Information supplied by users will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to contact@kinamed.com.
Retention and Destruction of your Information
Your Information will be retained by Kinamed in accordance with applicable state and federal laws, and will be destroyed upon your request unless applicable law requires destruction after the expiration of an applicable retention period. The manner of destruction shall be appropriate to preserve and ensure the confidentiality of your Information given the level of sensitivity, value, and criticality to Kinamed.
Your Rights
Where authorized and subject to all applicable laws, you may have the right to request access to, a copy of, rectification, restriction in the use of, or erasure of your Information. You also have the right to withdraw consent to the use of your Information, without affecting the legitimacy of Kinamed’s use of the Information prior to receipt of your request.
Information created in the European Union will be transferred out of the European Union to Kinamed. If you feel Kinamed has not complied with applicable foreign laws regulating such Information, you have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in the European Union.
If users would like to have personally identifiable Information changed or removed from Kinamed’s database, please contact contact@kinamed.com. Keep in mind that there will be residual Information remaining within the databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable Information. The residual Information will not be used for commercial purposes; however, Kinamed reserves the right, from time to time, to re-contact former customers or users of this site if lawful.
Updates to this Policy
Kinamed may update or change this policy at any time. Your continued use of this site after any such change indicates your acceptance of such changes.
Questions?
Questions regarding the Terms, Conditions, or Privacy Policies should be directed to Kinamed at contact@kinamed.com.
Kinamed, Inc.
820 Flynn Rd.
Camarillo, CA 93012
For additional information or to schedule a product evaluation, please give us a call at 800-827-5775. Or fill out the form below for more info.Name*Email*
Enter Email
Confirm Email
Hospital / Company*PhoneCity, State*Zip CodeCountry*Comments or MessageI am a...*
Surgeon
Patient
Distributor
Other
Products of interest
SuperCable®
SuperCable® Grips & Plates
CarboJet®
KineMatch® PFR
MD3T™
SuperCable® Sternotomy Closure
NeuroPro® Rigid Fixation System
NeuroPro® Low Profile Rigid Fixation System
Other
Call us toll-free at 800-827-5775 or click here for a more specific request.
Kinamed.com Home
Products
• SuperCable®
• CarboJet®
• KineMatch®
•SuperCable® Sternotomy Closure
• MD3T™
• NeuroPro®
Contact Us
News | Events
Corporate Info
Legal Legal Notice
We Proudly Support
Contact Info For more information
Phone   1-805-384-2748
Toll-Free   1-800-827-5775
Fax   1-805-384-2792
Corporate Address:
820 Flynn Road
Camarillo, CA 93012-8701
USA
© Kinamed® Incorporated. All rights reserved. B00108O
Website credits
This website uses cookies to compile site usage data.
Accept RejectRead More
×
Privacy Overview
Privacy Overview +
Privacy Overview
MENU
Products
Orthopedic Products
SuperCable® Iso-ElasticTM Polymer Cerclage
SuperCable® Grip & Plate System
CarboJet® CO2 Bone Preparation System
KineMatch® Patient-Matched PFR
MD3T™ Multi-Directional Tibial Tubercle Transfer System
Cardiothoracic Products
SuperCable® Polymer Iso-Elastic™ Sternotomy Closure System
Neurosurgical Products
NeuroPro® Rigid Fixation System
NeuroPro® Low Profile Rigid Fixation System
Surgical Navigation
NaviPro® Hip
NaviPro® Knee
NaviPro® Shoulder
Contact Us
News & Events
News Articles
Events
Corporate Info
Kinamed History
Dealer Inquiries
Employment
Legal Notice