http://www.cruising.org/en/privacy-policy
About CLIA
CLIA Cruise Lines
Leadership
CLIA Global Executive Committee
Mercy Ships
Explore Topics
Travel Agent Center
Join or Renew
Professional Development
Events
Travel Agent Cruise News
Verify a Member
FAQs
Executive Partners
Resources
COVID-19
Sustainability
Events
Press Room
Research
Global Websites
Asia - English
Australasia - English
Brasil - Portuguese
Deutschland – Reisebuero Training
Regions
Dutch - Belgium
Dutch - Netherlands
English - North America
English - UK & Ireland / Europe
French - Belgium
French - France
Spanish - Spain
Login
My CLIA
My Certifications
My Training
My Events
My CLIA
My Events
Log Out
Find a Travel Agent
Press Room
Cruising Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on 9/18/18.
Introduction
Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA) presents this privacy policy (together with our Membership Terms and Conditions) will inform you as to how we look after your personal data and
tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how we process the personal data that you provide to
us,
or we collect from you, when you visit our website www.cruising.org, register to become a member of the
CLIA
cruise industry trade association (Member, and the term Membership
shall
be construed accordingly), create a personal profile on our website, sign up to receive our marketing
communications, request any of our products or services from us (Services), make an
enquiry
and/or otherwise interact with us.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair
processing
notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you
so
that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements the
other
notices and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Cruise Lines International Association is made up of different legal entities based in North and South
America, Europe, Asia and Australia, details of which can be found here (the CLIA
Group).
This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the CLIA Group so when we mention CLIA,
we,
us or our in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant
company
in the CLIA Group responsible for processing your data (i.e. the controller, for the
purposes of European data protection law). We will let you know which entity will be the controller for
your
data when you register to become a Member or otherwise interact with us.
Cruise Lines International Association is the controller and responsible for this website.
We will comply with all data protection and privacy laws which are applicable in the country in which we
collect your personal data.
Our companies which are based in the European Union (EU), or which offer goods or
services
to, or monitor the behaviour of, data subjects in the EU, will at all times comply with the General Data
Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR).
We have appointed a data protection manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to
this
privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise
your
legal rights (as detailed below), please contact the data protection manager using the details set out
below.
Contact details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: Cruise Lines International Association
Name of data protection manager: Peter Plourd, VP Information Technology.
Email address: itdept@cruising.org
Postal address: 1201 F Street NW, Suite 250, Washington, DC 2000 USA
Telephone number: +1 202 759 6772
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time to time. We will post a copy of the updated
privacy policy on our website prior to any change becoming effective. If we make any material changes we
will also notify you of such change by email in advance. Your continued use of the website and/or our
services following any changes to the privacy policy (which will be notified to you as described above)
signifies your acceptance of those changes.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us
informed if
your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those
links
or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not
control
these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our
website,
we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
If you engage in any interaction with CLIA, other end-users or any third party on any social media pages
or
through social media tools or "plug-ins," you should be aware that: (a) the personal data that you
submit by
and through such social media pages: (i) can be read, collected and/or used by other end-users of the
website and/or social media websites, as applicable and depending on your privacy settings associated
with
your accounts with the applicable social media websites; and (ii) could be used to send you unsolicited
messages or otherwise to contact you without your consent or desire; and (b) where CLIA responds to any
interaction on such social media pages, your account name/handle may be viewable by any and all
members/users of CLIA's social media accounts.
We are not responsible for the personal data that you choose to submit on any social media websites.
The
social media websites operate independently from CLIA, and we are not responsible for such social media
websites' interfaces or privacy or security practices.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies
and
settings of the social media websites with which you interact to help you understand those social media
websites' privacy practices.  If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of any
social
media websites that you use, please refer to their applicable privacy notices or policies.
Data and Personal Information
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person
can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped
together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar
identifier, title, marital status, date of birth, gender, job title, membership reference
number, passport details, photograph, training details and accreditations, ABTA membership
number, agency name.
Contact Data includes billing address, home / office address, email address and
telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other
details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data,
browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions,
operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this
website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or
orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and
services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving
marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Third party personal data that we collect
When you ask us to register your employees, directors and/or officers (Users)
in connection with your Membership, we will need to ask for personal data (including Identity
Data and Contact Data) belonging to your Users. It is your obligation to ensure that you make
such third parties aware of this Privacy Policy.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or
demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but
is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or
indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate
the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or
connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly
identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance
with this privacy policy.
We may sometimes collect information relating to your dietary requirements, which may reveal
details of your religious beliefs and/or medical conditions. We do not collect any other
Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about
your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation,
political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and
biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to
provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are
trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the benefits that you are
entitled to as a Member). In this case, we may not be able to provide any product or service
that you have requested from us and/or we may have to cancel your Membership (and our
standard cancellation terms will apply), but we will notify you if this is the case at the
time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and
Financial Data by filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by
post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when
you:
register to become a Member;
create a personal profile on our website;
request and/or purchase our products or services (via our website,
email, telephone or other method);
sign up to receive our marketing communications;
request information in relation to, or sign up to attend, an event,
activity or programme;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
make an enquiry or give us some feedback
Cookies and Similar Technologies. When an end-user
visits the our website, we send one (1) or more cookies and/or gif files
(collectively, "Cookies") to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to
the applicable end-user's computer and/or mobile device, as applicable.
A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive and/or mobile
device, as applicable, containing information about you. Cookies have
many benefits to enhance your experience at the our website. To find out
more about Cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. We use Cookies
to improve the quality of the website, including for storing end-user
preferences and tracking user trends (such as pages opened and length of
stay at the Site).
Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies, but you
can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a
Cookie is being sent. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the
instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case
where an end-user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the website;
provided, however, that certain functions of the website may be impaired
or rendered inoperable if the use of Cookies is disabled. We reserve the
right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.
Action Tags, Web Beacons and other Data Collection
Methods. An action tag or a web-beacon (also known as a
clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to track responses or
actions by visitors who view certain advertisements and/or other
information on the website. Action tags are 1x1 pixel images
embedded in a website page that are used to transparently
collect information. We may use action tags to count the number
of times that visitors click on a particular banner ad or visit
the pages of the Site, and to provide information about what
offerings, products and/or services are viewed, selected and/or
purchased, as applicable. We reserve the right to retain this
action tag data indefinitely.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when applicable law
allows us to, such as for customer service purposes, to
provide you with information that you may request, to
customize your experience on the website and/or to contact
you when necessary in connection with transactions entered
into by you through the CLIA website or our services. We may
also use your personal data (including Special Categories of
Personal Data) for internal business purposes, such as
analyzing and managing our business.
Where the GDPR applies, we will most commonly use your
personal data in the following circumstances:
where it is necessary for us to process your personal
data in order to perform our contractual obligations in
relation to your Membership (as detailed in our
Membership Terms and Conditions or in
order to respond to any enquiries that you make about
becoming a Member;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or
those of a third party) and your interests and
fundamental rights do not override those interests;
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory
obligation;
For our Members and User, we will send you direct
marketing communications via email, telephone, text
message and/or post as part of the Services that we
provide as part of your Membership (i.e. such processing
is necessary for use to perform our contractual
obligations to the Member and for legitimate interests
in order to provide the User with the benefit of the
Services) unless you have told us that you do not want
us to contact you for this purpose or by any particular
method of communication. If you are not a Member or a
User (e.g. if you make an enquiry or otherwise interact
with us) we will only send you direct marketing
communication where you have provided your explicit
consent to such processing of your data. You have the
right to withdraw consent to such marketing at any time
by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal
data
We have set out below, in a table format, a
description of all the ways we plan to use your
personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely
on to do so. We have also identified what our
legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more
than one lawful ground depending on the specific
purpose for which we are using your data. Please
contact us if you need details about the specific
legal ground we are relying on to process your
personal data where more than one ground has been
set out in the table below.
Data Subject
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
Member or prospective Member
To register you as a Member
Identity
Contact
Financial
Performance of a contract with you
Users (i.e. Member's employees, directors or officers)
To register an individual as a User (in connection with employer's Membership)
Identity
Contact
Legitimate Interests (to provide the benefits of Membership to Users)
Member or User
To provide you with products or services that you have requested or purchased from us, including
the
provision
of information in relation to training courses, events, activities or programmes that we offer.
Identity
Contact
Financial
Performance of a contract with you
Legitimate Interests (to provide the benefits of Membership to Users)
Member or User
To collect and process information relating to dietary requirements, which may reveal details of
your
religious
beliefs and/or medical conditions, where such information is relevant in respect of a training
course,
event,
activities or programmes that you are attending.
Identity
Categories of Sensitive Personal Data
Member's or User's explicit consent
Member or User
To administer your Membership, including to:
Add Users to your Membership;
Keep records of your or User's training details and accreditations;
Notify you of any renewal of your Membership fees which are due;
Manage payments, fees and charges
Collect and recover money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to recover debts
due to
us)
Member or User
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying you about changes to our terms and conditions or this privacy policy
Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how
customers
use
our
products/services)
Member or User
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our
products/services, to
develop
them and grow our business)
Member or User
To upload Members' or User's details to our "Who's Who" Directory (available to the public
online on our
website
or in hard copy)
Identity
(b) Contact
(a)Legitimate Interests (to provide the benefits of Membership to Members and Users, so
Members
and
users can develop business opportunities)
(b) Member's or User's Consent
Member
To keep a record of transactions for our own tax, legal and other record keeping requirements
Identity
Contact
Transaction
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
Member, User or visitor to our website
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data
analysis,
testing,
system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of
administration
and IT
services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business
reorganisation or
group
restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Member, User or visitor to our website
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the
effectiveness of
the
advertising we serve to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to
develop
them,
to
grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Member, User or visitor to our website
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer
relationships and
experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and
services, to
keep
our
website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Member or User
Sending direct marketing communications about products and services (including events,
conferences, etc)
which
may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our
business
(c) Member's or User's consent
Visitor to our website or other individual who is not a Member or User
Sending direct marketing communications about products and services (including events,
conferences, etc)
which
may be of interest to you
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Data Subject's
consent
Member or User
If you opt-out of receiving direct marketing communications, to keep a record of this on our
suppression
list
Identity
Contact
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing
and
advertising. Particularly around marketing and advertising.
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you
may
want or
need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may
be
relevant
for you (we call this marketing). We do this to ensure you always get a great service fully tailored to
your
preferences, but if you would prefer we do not use these kinds of profiling techniques you can opt out.
If you
opt
out, you may find your communications from us become less relevant to you.
Email Marketing
We regularly sends out communications about events, training courses, events, activities or programmes
that we
offer
via email to all existing Members and Users (unless they have 'opted-out' of receiving such
communications),
which
we provide as part of the Services that you have signed up to receive.
Alternatively, if you are not an existing Member or User, you can sign up to receive marketing
communication
from us
by opting-in via our website.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the
CLIA
Group
of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the
website
and
checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out
links on
any
marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided
to us in
connection with your Membership, a product/service purchase or other transactions.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably
consider
that
we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you
wish to get
an
explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please
contact
us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain
the legal
basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with
the
above
rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with any member of the CLIA Group and other third party processors for
the
purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Such third party processors may include:
our business partners, suppliers and subcontractors for the performance of any contract we enter
into
with you;
where we outsource any of our business functions under which we collect or store your data, such as
service providers that we use for marketing and promotional purposes or for payment processing
purposes;
where we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the
prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal
obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Membership Terms & Conditions and other agreements;
or
to protect our rights, property, or safety of our employees, our customers, or others. This includes
exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection
and
credit risk reduction.
For a full list of all our third party processors please see the table below:
Provider
Personal data processed by them
Purpose(s) of the processing
Personal data stored / processed outside the EEA
Interactive Strategies (USA cruising.org)
Frontpage (UK, Europe & Australasia websites)
Oxygene (French JAC partnership website)
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Technical Data
Transaction Data
Profile Data
Usage Data
Dellar Davies
The Content
Studio
Identity Data
Contact Data
Dellar Davies Eventbrite
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Transaction Data
Profile Data
Usage Data
Marketing and
Communications Data
Event Hotels
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Transaction Data
Marketing and
Communications Data
Cruise Lines
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Transaction Data
Marketing and
Communications Data
Microsoft Office 365
KeepandShare
Adobe Creative Cloud
Gathercontent
[Please complete this section.]
Dropbox Google Sheets One Drive SharePoint
Identify Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Transaction Data
Profile Data
Aptify
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Transaction Data
Profile Data
Coresoft
[Please complete this section.]
Mailchimp Constant Contact Real Magnet
Identity Data
Contact Data
Usage Data
Marketing and
Communications Data
Social Media Management:
HootSuite
Identity Data
Contact Data
Usage Data
Profile Data
Survey Monkey
Identity Data
Contact Data
Profile Data
Attendify
Identity Data
Contact Data
Usage Data
Profile Data
Cloud Server
Identify Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Transaction Data
Profile Data
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to learn how your "personal
information"
(as defined in the Shine the Light Law, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) is shared with third-parties, what
categories of personal information that we have shared with third-parties in the preceding year, as
well
as the names and addresses of those third-parties, you may request this information once per
calendar
year by e-mailing us at: info@cruising.org; calling us at: (202) 759-9370; or sending mail to: 1201
F
Street NW, Suite 250, Washington, DC 20004.
Further, if you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt out from the
disclosure
of your personal information to any third-party for marketing purposes, please e-mail us at:
info@cruising.org; call us at: (202) 759-9370; or send us mail to1201 F Street NW, Suite 250,
Washington, DC 20004. Please be advised that where California State residents opt out from
permitting
their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly
from us, in accordance with applicable law.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in
accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data
for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and
in accordance with our written instructions.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease
and/or otherwise distribute any and all information that is anonymized or aggregated with/to any
third party for any and all uses permitted by this privacy policy and applicable law.
International transfers
CLIA are an international association with members all over the world and, as such, the data
we collect may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic
Area (EEA). All our data is stored on our server based in Washington, USA.
It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of
our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your
order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services
In compliance with the GDPR, whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we
ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it as would be the case within the EEA
by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide
an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For
further details, see
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en;
where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the
European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For
further details, see
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en;
or
where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of
the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data
shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/eu-us-privacy-shield_en.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism
used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal
data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way,
altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to
those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a
business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our
instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data
breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we
are legally required to do so.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to
fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes
of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data,
we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal
data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or
disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we
process your personal data and whether we can achieve those
purposes through other means, and the applicable legal
requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our Members
(including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data)
for six years after they cease being Members for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see
Request erasure section below for further information click here.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so
that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or
statistical purposes in which case we may use this information
indefinitely without further notice to you.
CONTROLLING Your personal data
At your request, we will: (a) inform you of what personal
data we have on file for you; (b) amend the personal data
that we have on file for you; and/or (c) remove personal
data that you have provided to us, or that we have
collected. You may do so by contacting us via e-mail at:
info@cruising.org; provided, however, that we ask
individuals to identify themselves and the information
requested to be accessed, amended or removed before
processing such requests and, to the extent permitted by
applicable law, we may decline to process requests that are
unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require
disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of
others or would be extremely impractical (for instance,
requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
If you are an individual that visits our website from the
European Economic Area or Switzerland, under certain
circumstances, you have additional rights under data
protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please
click on the links below to find out more about these
rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out
above, please contact us.
For the purposes of the GDPR we are obliged to tell
you that, if you consider that our processing of
your personal data does not comply with applicable
European data protection law, you have the right to
make a complaint to the national supervisory
authority in the EU Member State of your habitual
residence, place of work or place of the alleged
infringement. Details of the national supervisory
authorities can be found at: http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your
personal data (or to exercise any of the other
rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if
your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or
excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply
with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you
to help us confirm your identity and ensure your
right to access your personal data (or to exercise
any of your other rights). This is a security
measure to ensure that personal data is not
disclosed to any person who has no right to receive
it. We may also contact you to ask you for further
information in relation to your request to speed up
our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within
one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a
month if your request is particularly complex or you
have made a number of requests. In this case, we
will notify you and keep you updated.
Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in
conducting and managing our business to
enable us to give you the best
service/product and the best and most
secure experience. We make sure we
consider and balance any potential
impact on you (both positive and
negative) and your rights before we
process your personal data for our
legitimate interests. We do not use your
personal data for activities where our
interests are overridden by the impact
on you (unless we have your consent or
are otherwise required or permitted to
by law). You can obtain further
information about how we assess our
legitimate interests against any
potential impact on you in respect of
specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is
necessary for the performance of a
contract to which you are a party or to
take steps at your request before
entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or
regulatory obligation means
processing your personal data where it
is necessary for compliance with a legal
or regulatory obligation that we are
subject to.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
If you are an individual that visits
our website from the European
Economic Area or Switzerland, you
are afforded the following rights:
Request access to
your personal data (commonly known
as a "data subject access request").
This enables you to receive a copy
of the personal data we hold about
you and to check that we are
lawfully processing it.
Request correction of
the personal data that we hold about
you. This enables you to have any
incomplete or inaccurate data we
hold about you corrected, though we
may need to verify the accuracy of
the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of
your personal data. This enables you
to ask us to delete or remove
personal data where there is no good
reason for us continuing to process
it. You also have the right to ask
us to delete or remove your personal
data where you have successfully
exercised your right to object to
processing (see below), where we may
have processed your information
unlawfully or where we are required
to erase your personal data to
comply with local law. Note,
however, that we may not always be
able to comply with your request of
erasure for specific legal reasons
which will be notified to you, if
applicable, at the time of your
request.
Object to
processing of your
personal data where we are relying
on a legitimate interest (or those
of a third party) and there is
something about your particular
situation which makes you want to
object to processing on this ground
as you feel it impacts on your
fundamental rights and freedoms. You
also have the right to object where
we are processing your personal data
for direct marketing purposes. In
some cases, we may demonstrate that
we have compelling legitimate
grounds to process your information
which override your rights and
freedoms.
Request restriction of
processing of your
personal data. This enables you to
ask us to suspend the processing of
your personal data in the following
scenarios: (a) if you want us to
establish the data's accuracy; (b)
where our use of the data is
unlawful but you do not want us to
erase it; (c) where you need us to
hold the data even if we no longer
require it as you need it to
establish, exercise or defend legal
claims; or (d) you have objected to
our use of your data but we need to
verify whether we have overriding
legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the
transfer of your
personal data to you or to a third
party. We will provide to you, or a
third party you have chosen, your
personal data in a structured,
commonly used, machine-readable
format. Note that this right only
applies to automated information
which you initially provided consent
for us to use or where we used the
information to perform a contract
with you.
Withdraw consent at any
time where we are
relying on consent to process your
personal data. However, this will
not affect the lawfulness of any
processing carried out before you
withdraw your consent. If you
withdraw your consent, we may not be
able to provide certain products or
services to you. We will advise you
if this is the case at the time you
withdraw your consent.
Login
Don’t yet have a login?
Create a new account
Login
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
If you have forgotten your Password, complete the information requested below and click the submit button.
You will receive an email with a reset token to change your password.
Please allow at least 10 minutes to receive the email before requesting another password reset.
Please be sure to check your Spam folder for the password reset email.
Please note: the
Email you provide must be the one that is associated with your profile.
If you have difficulty resetting your password please email helpdesk@cruising.org.
Submit
Back to Login
Create a New CLIA Account
Login
Set or Change Password
Please use the form below to set or change your password. Passwords must be at least 8 characters.
Set or Change Password
Back to Login
Set or Change Password
Please use the form below to set or change your password. Passwords must be at least 8 characters.
Set or Change Password
Back to Login
Success
We are sorry. An error has occurred.
Alert!
Please Confirm
Confirm
Cancel