http://www.goodness.com.au/privacy-security
WE DELIVER AUSTRALIA WIDE
FIND OUT MORE
Search
PRIVACY POLICY
At Honest to Goodness we know that you care how the information we receive from you is used and stored and we appreciate your trust. We will always handle your personal information securely and carefully. We will comply with all applicable Australian privacy laws and ensure our staff are aware of their obligations.
What personal information do we gather and store?The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your shopping experience at Honest to Goodness. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information you give us: We receive and store any information you enter on our web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customising future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communicating with you.
Automatic information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites "cookies" are used to obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website. Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
E-mail communications:To improve our service and your shopping experience. We will sometimes send you newsletters with our special offers, new products and special events. We will also email to notify you of changes to our policies, and for your order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please let us know by emailing info@goodness.com.au or to unsubscribe to the newsletter reply follow the link on the bottom of the newsletter to unsubscribe.
Who has access to the information we receive?We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. Only specific employees or sub-contractors in our customer care, marketing, store, warehouse systems and IT areas have access to your personal information, and only under strict controls and procedures. Obviously, we may need to share your name and address and at times phone number with our freight carrier to ensure reliable and efficient delivery of your orders. If required, we will also share this information with organisations who carry out credit, fraud and other security checks. At no other time do we ever provide your contact details or payment information to any other third party vendor, associate or service provider.
How is my personal information stored?Your information is stored in a secure database, except credit information which is sent straight to our administrative computer via a process called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We use industry standard 128 bit encryption. SSL locks all critical information passed from you to us, such as payment information, in an encrypted envelope, making it extremely difficult for this information to be intercepted. Credit card details are not permanently stored on our website. We use 1024 bit encryption for temporary storage. The card number is only accessed and processed by a member of our customer service team when required to debit your credit card when processing your order.
If you have any concerns about privacy of your personal information as used and collected by us please send us a thorough description by clicking on the "Contact Us" link at the top of this web page and we will try to resolve it.
Questions?Questions regarding our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy, or other related queries can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the ‘Contact Us' link.
OK