http://www.rhinestonejewelry.com/policies/terms-of-service
Skip to content
Search
Home
Catalog
Account
Terms of service
WarrantyAll items are lifetime warrantied for manufacturing defects for as long as you own the product.Easy Returns
Time frame:Items in their original condition and packaging are able to be returned within 20 days from receipt for a refund less a 15% re-stocking fee.  If they come back later than the 20 days return period, there will be a 50% restocking fee.  No returns past 60 days will be accepted. We do not refund freight
Condition:Product that is returned other than in it's original condition, shows sign of wear or not in it's original packaging will be refunded less a 50% re-stocking fee.  The packaging of the item, must not be torn, cut, written on or bent out of shape.
Defects:A returned item due to manufacturer's defect, will be replaced if returned within 10 days of receipt, in it's original packaging and shows no sign of wear.  Otherwise, it will be repaired at no charge.  If a refund is requested for it, then the appropriate restocking charge fee will apply.
Non-refundable:Sale items, special order items and components (such as stones, etc.) are not returnable.
Minimum order effect:Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation is a manufacturer that sells wholesale.  In order to maintain the low wholesale prices, most styles have a minimum order quantity.  Returns which result in customer retention of less than the minimum for a style will incur a 50% restocking fee.
Ship the return:Just include a copy of the invoice and write a note on it of what you would like done and ship the package insured to the address below.  We strongly recommend insuring any return and packing them well as we can not take responsibility, if we do not receive the return or if it comes in damaged. If a package is returned without instructions it will be treated as a request for refund.
Return address:
Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation2028 McDonald AvenueBrooklyn, NY 11223
ClaimsAny claim for shipping shortages, shipping refunds for late delivery or shipping errors must be made within 5 days of the delivery.  If there is a shipping shortage, the box must be kept for carrier inspection. Discarding the box will waive rights to a claim.
Any claim for non-receipt of a package must be made within 30 days of the order being placed.
Cancellations and Refused OrdersCancellations, refused orders (not accepted by the purchaser from the delivery service) and undeliverable orders (incorrect address) on any product already shipped will be treated as a return and incur the re-stocking fees. Refused orders will also be responsible for shipping costs. Orders over $500, custom orders (orders for products in any other way than they are stocked) are not cancelable.
Order ChangesWe are not able to change orders once they are placed.  Sometimes, in an emergency case, we can do it; but it is never guaranteed.  Due to our consolidated shipping, multiple pickups throughout the day and dependence on proper ordering, we can only guarantee to try to change the order (in an emergency instance.)
Payment MethodsWe take Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover,  Visa debit and MC debit cards as well. If the credit card declines, we will send an email and retry the charge daily until cancelled. Please check your email for any messages and make sure to respond.Minimum Style quantitiesEach style has a minimum order quantity specific to that style only.  It does not accept mixing with other styles.  The ordering system will only allow entries for that quantity or higher.Minimum OrdersUSA minimum order:  $100.00 USDExport Order Minimums: $250.00 USDShipping AddressFor new customers (customers purchasing less than 90 days,) we can only ship to the address where the credit card bill comes to. In some circumstances, an alternate address can be added to the credit where we may be able to verify this with the credit card company, but we would need to be notified by this at the time of placing the order. If 2 addresses are filled into the shipping address during checkout (for example a PO Box and a street address,) we may correct it to the one which the credit card company verifies. If you are a new customer and enter a different address other than your credit card address in the shipping address area of the checkout section, it may delay order processing and may cause additional communication. We verify the address on every order with the credit card company.If shipping to a hotel or special address where the customer will only be there for a short period and the package is delivered later than expected, then the customer is responsible for obtaining the later delivered package whether keeping or returning it as long as it was shipped using the correct level of service.Shipping
We ship to US, UK, Ireland, Netherlands, Scotland, Germany, France, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand and 175 other countries. Now shipping to every country in the world!If the product is in stock, it will ship within 1 business day. If it is not, then it may take a few days before shipping. Once the product is available, we can ship the method that you choose. For example, choosing "overnight" as a option, will have the product shipped that business day overnight. However, if the item(s) are not in stock, then, it will ship overnight once they are in stock. If the shipping method that you choose is not available for your address, we will change the shipping method to the closest type that which is available for your address. Shipping carrier address correction and address change charges are the responsibility of the customer and will be charged accordingly.Most shipping services do not deliver on the weekends and many national holidays and also does not count those days as transit days. We can not take responsibility for any transit delay of orders once they are picked up by the carrier.  Remote areas may take longer than estimated times in the tables below.
Service inside the USA with usual delivery times
Sample Orders under $50.00
Re-orders $50.00 - $99.99
Orders over $100.00
Surface (1-5 business day transit)
$14.95
$11.95
$9.95
2-3 Days   (2-3 day transit)
$18.00
$18.00
$18.00
Express  (Usually 1 day transit)
$45.50
$38.00
$38.00
Service to other international locations -  **
Shipping cost not including tax/tax related charges that may be collected in your country.
Surface  (10-14 days) - Most countries and areas
$18.00
Express  (1-4 days + customs clearance time) - Most countries and areas
$58.00
***For International shipments, only the shipping costs are noted. Customs, duty and other import related charges if collected in your country would be the responsibility of the purchaser.  If an international shipment is refused and the carrier demands duties to be paid, we will pay them and it will be charged to the customer in addition to a service/billing fee. If the courier service attempts delivery unsuccessfully, where the courier begins return to sender procedure then all costs will be the responsibility of the customer and if the product is received by us, then only the product value less it's appropriate restocking fee and less any extra costs incurred to our company (such as freight, duties and duty related fees) will be refunded.****Any claims must be made within 5 days of receipt****
TaxAt the time of writing these terms and conditions, we only collect tax for orders shipping to New York. If your company is a New York company and tax exempt, you can enter your tax id number in the checkout and send us an ST120 certificate. If we do not receive the properly filled out certificate from you after placing the order then tax will need to be added back to the order and will be charged to your credit card.
Order MethodsOrders are only accepted on the website.
For your comfort, our website checkout system is on a 128 bit encryption Secure Server and guaranteed secure. This means that the information is encrypted and cannot be read by anyone other than ourselves. You can see that the pages are secure because the address in the address bar changes from being http:// to https://. You will also see a padlock symbol or key in the bottom bar of your browser.  In addition, our system is tested daily for any vulnerabilities.
Additional Security and Fraud ProtectionSecurity checks: As part of our policy to protect against the fraudulent use of credit cards, we carry out random security checks on orders. These can take various forms, and from time to time it may be necessary for us to ask you to provide a copy of a recent statement header for the card being used on your order. Please note that we are only interested in confirming information already provided on your order, i.e. the billing name and address and card issuer details, and do not need to see actual transactions, which can be covered up. In case you have any concerns regarding security, we can also assure you that all information is shredded as soon as we have confirmed the details required. We hope you appreciate that this is undertaken in the interests of fraud prevention, and is a necessary precaution.
Currency conversionThe prices quoted on the website are in US dollars.  The transactions are completed in US dollars and converted by your bank so that you can pay your country's equivalent.
CopyrightAll Web design, text, graphics and underlying source code, software and all other material on this website are copyright Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.  Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of this Web site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Rhinestone.com or using this Web site as a shopping resource. Permission is also granted to use these pictures on another website only to sell products purchased from Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation. Any other use of materials on this Web site...including reproduction for purposes other than those above, modification, distribution, or republication  without the prior written permission of Rhinestone.com is strictly prohibited.
Terms and conditions of saleNo contract will subsist between you and rhinestone.com (Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation) for the sale by it to you of any product unless and until Rhinestone.com accepts your order by receiving full payment and verifying your identity and address. For the avoidance of doubt, any such contract will be deemed to have been concluded in New York.  Further, any such contract will be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of New York, and you and Rhinestone.com irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts.
DisclaimerTo the fullest extent permitted at law, Rhinestone.com is providing this web site and its contents on an "as is" basis and makes no (and expressly disclaims all) representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to this web site or the information, content, materials or products included in this site including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, Rhinestone.com does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this web site is accurate, complete or current. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.  Except as specifically stated on this Web site, to the fullest extent permitted at law, neither Rhinestone.com nor any of its affiliates, directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this Web site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
Choice of Law: Arbitration These Terms and Conditions are entered into in the State of New York and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, exclusive of its choice of law rules. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising under, out of, in connection with or in relation to the Site or these Terms and Conditions will be resolved by final and binding arbitration conducted in accordance with and subject to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") then applicable. One arbitrator will be selected by the parties' mutual agreement or, failing that, by the AAA, and the arbitrator will allow such discovery as is appropriate, consistent with the purposes of arbitration in accomplishing fair, speedy and cost effective resolution of disputes. Judgment upon the award rendered in any such arbitration may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitration will take place in New York, New York. Any award entered by the arbitrator(s) shall be final and judgment thereon may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. In any action to enforce these Terms and Conditions, the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and attorneys fees. In the event that any of the Terms and Conditions are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms and Conditions shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation Terms of Website Usage
Terms
By accessing the website at https://www.rhinestonejewelry.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials on Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
Limitations
In no event shall Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's website, even if Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation or a Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation does not make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
Modifications
Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://www.rhinestonejewelry.com, and other sites we own and operate.
Information we collect
Log data
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered “non-identifying information”, as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details. The IP address is sometimes used for the purpose of fraud prevention. IP addresses are also used to diagnose website problems.
We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our website. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us.
Personal information
We may ask for personal information, such as your:
Name
Email
Phone/mobile number
Home/Mailing address
Work address
Payment information
Tax number
This data is considered “identifying information”, as it can personally identify you. We only request personal information relevant to providing you with a service, and only use it to help provide or improve this service.
How we collect information
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.
Use of information
We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly, but may share aggregated and anonymized versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.
We may use your personal details to contact you with updates about our website and services, along with promotional content that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt out of receiving promotional content, you can follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided alongside any promotional correspondence from us.
Data processing and storage
The personal information we collect is stored and processed in United States, or where we or our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. We only transfer data within jurisdictions subject to data protection laws that reflect our commitment to protecting the privacy of our users.
We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.
If you request your personal information be deleted, or where your personal information becomes no longer relevant to our operations, we will erase it from our system within a reasonable timeframe.
Cookies
We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. Cookies are necessary for proper usage of the shopping cart. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.
Third-party access to information
We use third-party services for:
Analytics tracking
User authentication
Advertising and promotion
Content marketing
Email marketing
Payment processing
Fraud Prevention
Website ease of use and features.
Product reviews and pictures that you submit
These services may access our data solely for the purpose of performing specific tasks on our behalf. We do not share any personally identifying information with them without your explicit consent. We do not give them permission to disclose or use any of our data for any other purpose.
We may, from time to time, allow limited access to our data by external consultants and agencies for the purpose of analysis and service improvement. This access is only permitted for as long as necessary to perform a specific function. We only work with external agencies whose privacy policies align with ours.
We will refuse government and law enforcement requests for data if we believe a request is too broad or unrelated to its stated purpose. However, we may cooperate if we believe the requested information is necessary and appropriate to comply with legal process, to protect our own rights and property, to protect the safety of the public and any person, to prevent a crime, or to prevent what we reasonably believe to be illegal, legally actionable, or unethical activity.
We do not otherwise share or supply personal information to third parties. We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third parties.
Children’s Privacy
This website does not knowingly target children, or collect personal information from children. As a parent/guardian, please contact us if you believe your child is participating in an activity involving personal information on our website, and you have no received a notification or request for consent. We do not use your supplied contact details for marketing or promotional purposes.
Limits of our policy
This privacy policy only covers Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours, however we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to this policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
Your rights and responsibilities
As our user, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted.
You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing.
Feel free to contact us if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle your data and personal information.
Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation Data ControllerSteve Miller
This policy is updated and effective as of 24 May 2018.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies to help improve your experience of https://www.rhinestonejewelry.com. This cookie policy is part of Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's privacy policy, and covers the use of cookies between your device and our site. We also provide basic information on third-party services we may use, who may also use cookies as part of their service, though they are not covered by our policy.
If you don’t wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from https://www.rhinestonejewelry.com, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired content and services.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit, typically containing information about the website itself, a unique identifier that allows the site to recognize your web browser when you return, additional data that serves the purpose of the cookie, and the lifespan of the cookie itself.
Cookies are used to enable certain features (eg. logging in), to track site usage (eg. analytics), to store your user settings (eg. timezone, notification preferences), and to personalize your content (eg. advertising, language).
Cookies set by the website you are visiting are normally referred to as “first-party cookies”, and typically only track your activity on that particular site. Cookies set by other sites and companies (ie. third parties) are called “third-party cookies”, and can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service.
Types of cookies and how we use them
Essential cookies
Essential cookies are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts and payment processing. We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website.
Performance cookies
Performance cookies are used in the tracking of how you use a website during your visit, without collecting personal information about you. Typically, this information is anonymous and aggregated with information tracked across all site users, to help companies understand visitor usage patterns, identify and diagnose problems or errors their users may encounter, and make better strategic decisions in improving their audience’s overall website experience. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use performance cookies on our site.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies are used in collecting information about your device and any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and timezone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customized, enhanced or optimized content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party service. We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site.
Targeting/advertising cookies
Targeting/advertising cookies are used in determining what promotional content is more relevant and appropriate to you and your interests. Websites may use them to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This helps companies improve the effectiveness of their campaigns and the quality of content presented to you. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. Targeting/advertising cookies set by third-parties may be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. We use targeting/advertising cookies on our site.
Third-party cookies on our site
We may employ third-party companies and individuals on our websites—for example, analytics providers and content partners. We grant these third parties access to selected information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They may also set third-party cookies in order to deliver the services they are providing. Third-party cookies can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. As we have no control over third-party cookies, they are not covered by Rhinestone Jewelry Corporation's cookie policy.
Our third-party privacy promise
We review the privacy policies of all our third-party providers before enlisting their services to ensure their practices align with ours. We will never knowingly include third-party services that compromise or violate the privacy of our users.
How you can control or opt out of cookies
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie.
If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may need to update your settings on each individual device.
Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content across the sites you visit.
Third-Party Web Beacons: The website uses third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, please contact the Aabaco division of Yahoo! Inc.
The History or CrystalExactly what is Rhinestone Jewelry?Who Else Wears Rhinestone Jewelry?Rhinestone Accessories and Fashion TrendsGetting the Most from Rhinestone JewelryAlbert Weiss Collection - Designer JewelryHow to Shop for Jewelry for Your StorePageant Crowns MenuRhinestone Wedding Invitation EmbellishmentsRhinestone Chain WholesaleHomecoming and Prom Tiaras
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.