http://www.rsp.ca/privacy-policy
Home
Services
Industries
Resources
Tax Publications
Client Portal
Careers
About
Our Team
Who We Are
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyRSP LLP is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information provided by its clients and protecting all personal information in its possession or control. This Privacy Policy sets out a summary of the principles and procedures that CPA Canada follows in meeting its privacy commitments and, as applicable in light of the foregoing, complying with the requirements of the laws and regulations under applicable privacy laws in Canada, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. RSP LLP will treat any information collected or received about you in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. accountabilityRSP LLP is accountable for all personal information in our possession or control. This includes any personal information that RSP LLP receive directly from individual clients or indirectly. RSP LLP has established and put into effect policies and procedures aimed at properly protect personal information, educated our staff regarding such policies and procedures and their roles and responsibilities in protecting personal information, and appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee privacy issues at RSP LLP.identifying purposesRSP LLP will identify the purposes for which RSP LLP use your personal information at the time RSP LLP collects such information from you and obtain your consent. The purposes used or disclosed by RSP LLP must be considered appropriate to a reasonable person, including but not limited to those permitted or require by law. consentConsent will always be obtained before collection, use or disclosure of personal information through fair and lawful means. RSP LLP will also collect such information where it is permitted or required by law. Where it is reasonable to do so, or permitted by law, RSP LLP may rely on implied consent. You may withdraw or modify your consent at any time by providing reasonable notice to RSP LLP, subject to legal or contractual restrictions. limiting collection, use, disclosure, and retentionRSP LLP will only collect personal information required to perform its professional services and operate its business. RSP LLP will not use or disclosure personal information for purposes other than those that have been previously established or as required by law. The purposes will pertain to performing services within the scope of our engagement. RSP LLP will retain such personal information as long as required to fufill the previously established purposes of our engagment. Personal information that are no long required are discarded or destroyed through methods that protect the privacy of our clients. accuracyRSP LLP will ensure that your Personal Information is kept as accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible based on information provided to us. RSP LLP will not actively seeking update for our clients' personal information on a regular basis, but will expect our clients, from time to time, to supply us with written updates.safeguardsRSP LLP has implemented physical, organizational, contractual and technological security measures to protect your personal information from loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. The only employees who are granted access to your personal information are those whose duties reasonably require such information.opennessThe firm will make readily available to individuals specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. Up-to-date information on RSP LLP's privacy policies can be obtained from the Privacy Officer.individual accessRSP LLP will generally make available to you any personal information that we have collected, upon your written request, to the extent permitted or required by law. RSP LLP will make such information available to individuals of the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information and provide access to that information in a form that is generally understandable, including explaining any abbreviations or codes.challenging complianceRSP LLP will respond to individual complaints and questions relating to privacy. We will investigate and attempt to resolve all complaints. All comments, questions, concerns or complaints regarding your personal information or our Privacy Policy, should be forwarded to our Privacy Officer as follows:By mail:Attn: Privacy OfficerRosenberg Smith & Partners LLP2000 Steeles Avenue WestConcord, ONL4K 3E9By e-mail: info@rsp.caWe will inform you of the relevant procedures when you make an inquiry or lodge a challenge or complaint.