http://www.gillisindustries.com/privacy-policy/
CONTACT SALES: 1-844-289-5774 (5SPG)
|
EMAIL: sales@spgusa.com
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
SPG is committed to providing visitors to our web site with the information they need to make informed decisions about their storage system needs, and to have a safe and positive online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the SPG web site and governs the collection and use of data.
By using our web site, you consent to the practices explained in this Privacy Statement.
THE COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
SPG collects information in two ways during your site visit.
Passive Collection. What we collect is often determined by the settings on your web browser. Please refer to your web browser for details on what information your browser sends or how to change settings.
In addition, as you navigate through our site, certain information can be collected.
Like most web sites, SPG tracks IP addresses, uses both session and persistent cookies, and assigns Internet tags. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas of our site that you visit, access times and referring web site addresses. We also collect information about your browser, type of computer, operating system and Internet service provider.
We gather this information to better understand our customers’ interests, which areas of our site are the most popular, and to uncover ways to improve our site and enhance our visitors’ experience. We also use this information for security purposes to provide you with a safe online experience.
Active Collection. By communicating directly with us via e-mail, you submit certain business and personal information — this can include your name, address, business name, e-mail address, phone number, employment history, etc. This information is used for the purposes for which you provide it. This can include submitting price quotes, evaluation for employment, fulfilling requests for information, direct contact, etc. The information is always used to best determine how to fulfill the requests you make to SPG.
THE USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with the services, products and information you request, and to better understand our customers, their needs, interests and businesses.
This data may be used to deliver customized content and advertising to our customers whose behavior indicates an interest in a particular area.
Your personal information will be disclosed, without notice, ONLY if required to do so by legal authorities or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal processes served on SPG or this site; to protect and defend the property and rights of SPG; and under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of SPG products and services and the public at large.
Your privacy is a primary concern of SPG. The information we collect will be relevant and limited to the purposes for which it is collected. SPG will take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is used only for its intended use and is not used for any direct marketing purposes without giving you an “opt-out” opportunity. SPG will also take appropriate measures to protect personal information and prevent disclosure to third parties.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
SPG will not sell personal information collected from its web site to any third party. All information is stored within a secured database that is not accessible to third parties. No information is stored on publicly accessible file systems. All SPG servers are protected behind hardware and software firewalls. All access to information is restricted to authorized SPG personnel only.
THE USE OF COOKIES
The SPG web site uses “cookies” to help personalize your visit. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot run programs or deliver viruses. SPG cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by our web server. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to offer convenience in saving you time when returning to our site to visit certain areas or obtain certain information. Cookies can simplify the filling out of forms and recording of information. They also make retrieval of information easier.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. Please note, declining cookies may limit your experience at certain web sites.
CHANCES TO THIS STATEMENT
SPG reserves the right to update or modify this Statement, at any time and without prior notice, by posting a revised version on our web site. All modifications will apply only to information collected after we have posted the revised Statement on our web site. This Privacy Statement was issued on September 1, 2010
Have a question or interested in a solutions consultation?
CONTACT US
SALES & CUSTOMER SERVICE Sales:
sales@spgusa.com
1-844-289-5774 (5SPG)
Customer Service:
customerservice@spgusa.com
877-503-4774
SPG International, LLC
3340 Peachtree Road, Suite 1250
Atlanta, Georgia 30326
Map & Directions
PRODUCTS & SOLUTIONS All Products
Foodservice Products
Convenience Store Products
Grocery Products
Industrial Products
Healthcare Products
COMPANY INFORMATION About SPG
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
© 2020 SPG
|
STORAGE PRODUCTS GROUP.
All Rights Reserved.
CONTACT SALES: 1-844-289-5774 (5SPG)
|
EMAIL: sales@spgusa.com
SEARCH PRODUCTS
VIEW ALL PRODUCTS »
VIEW PRODUCTS BY CATEGORY:
Shelving
Racks
Carts
Workstations
Tables
Sinks
Wall Systems
Security Units
Support Equipment
Industrial Racks
Protective Rail Systems
Ladders & Platforms
Material Handling
VIEW PRODUCTS BY INDUSTRY:
Industrial
Foodservice
Bakery
Convenience Stores
Ghost Kitchens
Grocery
Schools
Material Handling
Healthcare
Cannabis
INDUSTRIES
Industrial
Foodservice
Bakery
Convenience Store
Ghost Kitchens
Grocery
Schools
Material Handling
Healthcare
Cannabis
CATALOGS & RESOURCES
ABOUT SPG
SERVICE & SUPPORT
HOW CAN WE HELP?
Please fill out this quick form or call: 1-844-289-5774 (5SPG)
Your name *
Your e-mail *
Your message *
Send