https://www.13artists.com/privacy-cookie-policy/
Search:
Privacy & Cookie Policy - 13 Artists Official Website
19393
privacy-policy,page-template-default,page,page-id-19393,bridge-core-2.4.6,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,, vertical_menu_transparency vertical_menu_transparency_on,qode-title-hidden,qode_grid_1300,qode-child-theme-ver-1.0.0,qode-theme-ver-23.1,qode-theme-bridge,disabled_footer_top,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-6.3.0,vc_responsive
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. We use cookies to retain your user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, logged in areas and to provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. We also may use them to let us know if you’ve already seen a particular piece of content so we wont display it again. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences. Cookies are not shared with any third parties.
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold by emailing your request to our data protection officer using our contact form here. However, we do not currently collect any personally identifiable information.
Details on the third party cookies we use are noted below .
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser.
We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
On our Site, we use the following cookies:
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web-analysis service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to analyse and improve our website on the basis of your usage pattern. The data accrued in this context may be transmitted by Google for analysis to a server in the USA and stored there. Should personal data be transmitted to the USA, Google has acceded to the EU-US Privacy Shield. Your IP address will be abbreviated prior to the analysis of usage statistics, however, so that no conclusions can be drawn about your identity. For this purpose, Google Analytics has been extended on our website to include the code “anonymizeIP”, in order to guarantee an anonymised capture of IP addresses.
Google will process the information in order to evaluate your use of the website, to assemble reports on the website activities for the website operators, and to supply further services connected with website use and internet use.
As mentioned above, you can configure your browser so that it rejects cookies, or you can prevent the data being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing this browser add-on provided by Google.
You will find more detailed information on this matter in the Privacy Statement of Google Analytics.
Google Tag Manager
Our website uses Google Tag Manager, a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). The Tag Manager is used to manage tracking tools and other services, so-called website tags. A tag is an element that is stored in the source code of our website in order to record, for example, predefined usage data, such as an IP address. The Google Tag Manager does not use cookies and does not collect any personal data. The Google Tag Manager triggers other tags that may collect data. Some of the data is stored on a Google server in the USA. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield. If deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, it will remain in effect for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.
For more information, please refer to their privacy policy and Google’s further information about Tag Manager.
Social media plug-ins
On certain pages of the Site we may implement “social media” plug-ins, in particular a feed from our official Facebook page and various social media share buttons. When you visit a page that displays any of these plugins, your browser will establish a direct connection to the relevant social media server and load content from there. At the same time the provider of the social media service may know that the relevant page on the Site has been visited.
We have no influence on the data that any such social media provider collects on the basis of such plugins. According to the available information, however, if you do not click on the content, none of your personal data will be collected and stored unless you have logged onto to your social media account. In that case, certain user data (including your IP address at the time) may be collected and linked to the account information already present at the social media service. If you wish to prevent this, please log out of your social media accounts before visiting our Site.
In addition, clicking social media content may also lead to a collection of certain data, such as your IP address. Social media providers such as Facebook, Google or Twitter may set cookies as well, unless you have disabled the acceptance and storage of cookies in your browser settings (see above).
We receive no information from social media providers about which social media content you may personally have clicked or seen on the Site. If at all, we may receive a summarised, non-personalised statistical report on the use of the plugins.
Facebook Privacy Policy
Instagram Privacy Policy & Data Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
Changes to this cookies policy
We may update or modify this cookies policy. We will post the modified cookies policy on this Site. By continuing to use the Site, you agree to be bound by the modified cookies policy.
Last modified: 12.02.2020
This is the privacy notice of 13ARTISTS.COM. We are a company registered in the United Kingdom. Our offices are:
13 Artists, 11-14 Kensington Street, Brighton BN1 4AJ, United Kingdom. +44 (0) 1273 601 355
13 Artists, Unit 29 Tileyard Studios, Tileyard Road, London N7 9AH, United Kingdom. +44 (0) 20 3875 4270
CookiesThis site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks