http://www.o2xygen.com/privacy_policy.aspx
Phone:+1-914-289-0202
Fax:+1-914-289-0222
sales@o2xygen.com
Customer Center
Home
About
Product Offering
Testing
Counterfeit
Quality
Images
Blog |
Twitter |
Facebook |
About Us
e-Commerce
Partners
Press
Staff
Locations
Fundraising
Privacy Statement
We recognize the importance of privacy to those who use our various web sites. We are committed to protecting the information that we collect on-line and to limit its use to those purposes which we believe will assist us in better serving our customers. Please review our policy set forth below to learn more about how we collect and use information on our various websites and feel free to contact us at sales@o2xygen.com if you should have any questions.
A. Collection and Use of Information
Registration: We collect information that you provide to us when registering to use our various websites or one of the many on-line product or services that we provide. The information we collect may include your name, address, phone and fax numbers, email address, and other information about your company we deem important to assist us in serving youWebsite Usage: We collect information about the utilization and navigation of our websites by users. The information we collect, which includes the user's Internet Provider address and the pages accessed while visiting our website, assists us in analyzing trends, diagnosing problems, administering the website, and gathering information for aggregate use.
Emails and Newsletters: We may send you emails and newsletters from time to time about our products and services or other information we believe may be of interest to you. In addition, we may also send the you periodic updates relating to changes to our websites.
Surveys, Online Polls, Contests: We may from time-to-time, conduct surveys, polls or contests via our websites and may therefore request information from you in conjunction with these types of events. Participation will typically be voluntary and therefore you will have a choice whether or not to disclose the requested information.
Cookies: A "cookie" is a piece of data containing information about the user that a website can send to a user's browser to be stored on the user's hard drive. Websites often utilize cookies to enhance a user's website experience. There is a limited use of cookies by the Oxygen website used to maintain information between visits.
B. Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not sell or rent any information we collect through our websites with anyone. Generally, we will not disclose any information we collect through our websites with any non-affiliated third parties except in circumstances we deem appropriate such as the following:
We may disclose information to companies or persons that help us process or service your transactions or account.
We may disclose information when we believe that disclosure is required or permitted by law such as in cooperating with law enforcement or regulatory authorities, or in the context of legal proceedings.
We may from time to time share aggregated information with our business partners, advertisers, and other third parties. This information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual user.
C. Linked Sites
Please note that our websites may contain links to other sites and that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites. Our privacy policy applies only to the information that we collect on our websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
D. Security Measures
We take many precautions to protect the information we collect via our websites. The measures we employ to protect such information encompass physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards such as user id's, passwords, encryption software, and restricted access.
E. Correcting or Updating Information
If you would like to correct, update or remove any of the information you have provided to us via the website, please contact us at sales@o2xygen.com and we will be happy to review your request.
F. Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify our privacy policy at any time in our sole discretion and any change or modification will apply retroactively to any and all information we have collected. Any changes or modifications will be posted on our websites and you are therefore encouraged to review our policy from time to time to be apprised of any changes. By using any of our websites, you acknowledge your consent to our privacy policy.
This policy was last updated on 04/11/2011.
G. Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Copyright © 1998-2020 Oxygen Electronics, LLC All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy