http://www.heald.uk.com/privacy-policy/
Hostile Vehicle Mitigation
Security Road Blockers
Anti Ram Bollards
Surface & Shallow Mount Technology
Access Control Systems
Traffic Control
High Security Road Blockers
Bollards
Barriers
Traffic Calming
Our Services
Design & Build
Hire
Installation
Servicing & Maintenance
About Heald
Projects
News
Technical
Careers
Get In Touch
Login
Download a brochure
Privacy Policy
At Heald Limited, we understand that your privacy is important to you and we are committed to protecting your privacy and personal data. This notice explains how we collect and use your personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. About Us
Heald Limited is a manufacturing company. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 04062745 and our registered office is at Northfield, Atwick Road, Hornsea, United Kingdom, HU18 1EL.
Our site is owned and operated by Heald Limited.
2. How we may collect your personal data
We obtain personal data about you, for example, when:
You request a quotation from us
You contact us by email, telephone, post or social media
You engage with us to offer information about the services you provide.
3. How we use your personal data
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using your personal data. We process your data for purposes necessary for the performance of our contract with you.
We may also process your personal data for the purposes of our own legitimate interest, provided that those interests do not override any of your own interests, rights and freedoms which require the protection of personal data.
We may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email with information and news. You are able to opt out from these emails at any time. You will not be sent spam.
4. The kind of information we hold about you
The information we hold about you may include the following:
Name
Address
Telephone number
Email address
Business name
Job title
IP address
Web browser type
We collect some statistical data using Google Analytics. More information can be found here https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
5. What are my rights?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the following rights:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data
The right to access your personal data
The right to rectification, meaning you have the right to have inaccurate personal data To do this, contact us using the information listed in section 10
The right to ask us to erase any of your personal data that we. You can do this by contacting us with the details listed in section 10
The right to restrict processing your personal data
The right to data portability
The right to object. This means you have the right to stop us using your personal data for direct marketing. You can do this by contacting us with the details listed in section 10
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiting
For more information on your rights, you can visit the ICO website
6. Storing data
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than what is required.
If you are a customer, we will hold your personal data for as long as you have a product installed or service agreement with Heald.
If you have enquired about one of our products or services, your personal data falls under legitimate interest and will be added onto our mailing list. You can unsubscribe from our direct marketing emails at any time – please see section 8.
7. Sharing data
We may share your data with our overseas distributors. This will only be in the case of if your enquiry has come from overseas or your enquiry for installation is overseas. To find out who our overseas distributors are, please contact us with the information provided in section 10.
8. Right to withdraw consent
In relation to direct marketing emails,  you have the right to withdraw your  consent from these at  any  time. You can do this by either  unsubscribing at the bottom of our direct marketing emails, or contacting  us using the information listed in section 10.
9. Changes to this notice
Any alterations we make to our privacy policy in the future will be provided to you, for example, updated on our website. This privacy policy was last updated on Tuesday 5th June 2018.
10. Contact us
To contact us with any questions regarding this policy or your personal data, please contact Debbie Heald by using the following:
Email; info@heald.uk.com
Telephone number: +44 (0)1964 535858
Address: Heald Ltd, Northfield, Atwick Road, Hornsea, United Kingdom, HU18 1EL
You can also contact us via these details to find out who our distributors.
Want updates?
If you would like to be kept up to date with our latest news then sign up to receive our monthly newsletter by email.
Thank you for Signing Up
1,true,6,Subscriber Email,2
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
T&C
Heald LTD, Northfield, Atwick Road, Hornsea, United Kingdom, HU18 1EL
T: +44 (0)1964 535858
Home | Privacy Policy