http://www.olympus-europa.com/terms
About Olympus
Company Profile
Olympus Global
Facts & Milestones
Facts
Milestones
Our Corporate Philosophy
Our Purpose and Core Values
Management
Social Responsibility
Healthcare
Photography
Natural Sciences
Future Careers
Environment
Ethics and Integrity
Businesses
Medical Systems
Camera & Audio
Life Science Solutions
Industrial Solutions
Careers
Jobs
Applicant Profile
Job Subscription
Speculative Application
Working at Olympus
Your Entry Level
Professionals
Graduates
Students
Pupils
Development
News
Press Releases
Stories
Media
Publications
Press Contacts
Contact
Product and Customer Support
Locations
Contact Form
Company Home
Terms of Use
This site is intended for residents of the European Union, Russia, Middle East and Africa only. Approved product indications, registrations, and presentations may differ between countries. For any other countries, visit our company's global website at Olympus global or the company website for your country for information about the availability of our products where you live and to obtain the most current registration details and approved product label.
Applicable laws
The Websites contain information about products which may or may not be available in any particular country, and if applicable, may have received acceptance or market clearance by a governmental regulatory body for different indications and restrictions in different countries. Each country has specific laws, regulations and medical practices governing the communication of medical or other information about medical products on the Internet. Nothing herein should be construed as a solicitation or promotion for any product or for an indication for any product which is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the country where the reader resides.
Updating of terms of use
Olympus Europa SE & CO. KG provides the information on this server as a public service to its customers, and reserves the right to change the contents of the information without notice. Olympus Europa SE & CO. KG is not liable for the accuracy, completeness, and/or reliability of the contents of the information provided herein. By accessing this site you accept the terms and conditions of use as set forth below.
Non-liability statement
This website is provided "as is" and might be subject to expansions, amendments and up-dates. Although Olympus makes high efforts to provide accurate and up-to-date information to the public, Olympus makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or topicality of the content of the site and assumes no responsibility for errors, omissions or possible obsolescence. In particular, Olympus is not responsible for the content of any site you may link to from this site. Further, Olympus assumes no responsibility for any damages or viruses that may affect your computer equipment or other property due to access, use or downloading of contents from this site.
Trademarks and registered trademarks
All products or service names mentioned on this site are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. The website, and all data, text, images, video or audio contained therein are for non-commercial and personal use only. No license to utilise the proprietary logo, service marks, or trademarks is granted by making them available on this website. You are welcome to duplicate, store, and print copies of all information provided here for personal use, with the understanding that Olympus Europa SE & CO. KG retains the copyright on all media including text, graphics, and photographs. You may not, however, distribute, exchange, modify, sell or transmit any information of this website. Unless indicated differently, all material of this website is protected by copyright and shall not be used for commercial or public purposes without the previous written permission of Olympus Europa Holding GmbH. You are also not permitted to link or "mirror" any part of this web site without the prior written permission from Olympus Europa SE & CO. KG.
Data Privacy
Olympus Europa SE & CO. KG respects privacy of any personal information provided by visitors of our site. For details please see our Privacy Notice.