http://www.knobias.com/front/legal/knbsprivacy.htm
JavaScript Menu, DHTML Menu Powered By Milonic
LOG-IN:
Knobias Subscriber
Issuer
Publisher
SDX Subscriber
Home > Legal > Legal
Notice
Privacy Policy
Use of this site signifies your agreement
to our:
Legal Notice
| Copyright
| Privacy
Policy | Disclaimer
PRIVACY POLICY
GFNN, Inc. ("GFNN") is committed to safeguarding your
privacy online. GFNN will ask for additional personal information
for paying subscribers, as well persons that purchase pay-per-view
products from the web site. GFNN, from time to time, will send
alerts and emails as part of our service to keep subscribers informed
of certain information in which they have shown an interest. Any personal
information you supply through our web site will not be disclosed
to any third party, with the exception of our sponsors, except for
information used in aggregate form for the purpose of compiling demographics.
No individual information will be disclosed to others when you fill
out a survey, register with, request information or contact us.
If you choose to accept "cookies", GFNN will download
a "cookie" to your personal computer. This "cookie"
stores your GFNN Member Username and Password allowing GFNN
to automatically identify you when you logon to GFNN from your
personal computer. This makes you access faster and allows GFNN
to provide you with customized information you have registered to
view or use. Nothing in a "cookie" can identify you individually.
GFNN is an e-commerce site that allows purchases through the use
of credit cards. GFNN requires certain personal information associated
with a credit card purchase. This information will be forwarded to
the e-commerce vendor for their use only in processing this transaction.
You will have the option of processing through an encrypted secure
server.
GFNN reserves the right to access and disclose individually identifiable
information to comply with applicable laws, regulations and lawful
requests from legal or regulatory authorities.
GFNN makes no representations or warranties as to the privacy policies
of any of its vendors, advertisers, sponsors, partners or suppliers
found on the Knobias.com web site.
We invite you to contact us at info@knobias.com
if you have any questions or comments concerning our privacy policy.
Copyright 2020 GFNN Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home
| About GFNN
| Advertising
| Products
| Solutions
| Investors
| Contacts
Use of this site signifies your agreement
to the following:
Legal Notice
| Copyright
| Privacy
Policy
| Disclaimer
Copyright © 1999-2020 GFNN All rights reserved.
Data & information is provided for informational
purposes only, and is not intended for trading purposes. Neither GFNN, its affiliates nor
any of its data or content providers shall be liable for any errors or delays
in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. By accessing
the GFNN website(s), user agrees not to redistribute the information
found therein. GFNN, Inc is not a registered broker-dealer & does
not endorse or recommend any securities listed herein or any services of
any brokerage company.