https://www.input1.com/privacy
Digital Billing Services & Payment Solutions
X
Digital Billing Services & Payment SolutionsInput 1 Billing and PaymentsInput 1 Premium FinancePremium Finance LendingPremium Finance OutsourcingSoftwarePremium Finance SoftwareWarranty Finance SoftwareInput 1 PaymentsAbout UsLeadership TeamResourcesNews and Press ReleasesArticlesPBS System StatusSet Up PBS Mobile NowContactInput 1 CareersContact Us
Register
|
Login
Digital Billing Services & Payment Solutions
Input 1 Billing and Payments
Input 1 Premium Finance
Premium Finance Lending
Premium Finance Outsourcing
Software
Premium Finance Software
Warranty Finance Software
Input 1 Payments
About Us
Leadership Team
Resources
News and Press Releases
Articles
PBS System Status
Set Up PBS Mobile Now
Contact
Input 1 Careers
Contact Us
Register
|
Login
Collection of your Personal Information
www.Input1.com is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the www.Input1.com Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the www.Input1.com website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
www.Input1.com collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. www.Input1.com also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by www.Input1.com. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by www.Input1.com for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the www.Input1.com Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through www.Input1.com public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: www.Input1.com
does not read any of your private online communications.
www.Input1.com encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from www.Input1.com so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. www.Input1.com is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the www.Input1.com
and www.Input1.com family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
www.Input1.com collects and uses your personal information to operate the www.Input1.com
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. www.Input1.com also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from www.Input1.com and its affiliates. www.Input1.com may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
www.Input1.com does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
www.Input1.com may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, www.Input1.com
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to www.Input1.com, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
www.Input1.com does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
www.Input1.com keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
www.Input1.com, in order to determine what www.Input1.com services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within www.Input1.com to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
www.Input1.com Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on www.Input1.com or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of www.Input1.com; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of www.Input1.com, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The www.Input1.com Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize www.Input1.com pages, or
register with www.Input1.com site or services, a cookie helps www.Input1.com
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same www.Input1.com Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the www.Input1.com
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the www.Input1.com services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
www.Input1.com secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. www.Input1.com secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
www.Input1.com will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. www.Input1.com encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how www.Input1.com is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
www.Input1.com welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that www.Input1.com has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact www.Input1.com at info@input1.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright 2020 by Input 1 LLC
|
Privacy Statement
|
Terms Of Use