http://www.lbg-online.net/privacy/
LBG Internet Privacy Policy | LBG Online
Skip to content
Menu
Member Login
About
What is LBG
Our Story
LBG in Numbers
Strategic Partnerships
The LBG Network
Framework
Community Investment
Business Investment for Societal Impact
Network
Why join
How to join
Businesses join to
Additional Services
Members
Affiliate Networks
News
Events
Contact
LBG Internet Privacy Policy
This website is provided by LBG. The privacy of our website users and the security of their personal information is very important to us.
For your convenience, this website contains links to a number of other websites, both inside and outside the LBG. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites; we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collections and distribution policies.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to set out the principles governing our use of personal information that we may obtain about you. By using the websites you agree to this use. We ask you to read this privacy policy carefully. Any dispute which may arise over privacy will be subject to this policy, the data protection notice (if any) incorporated into this website and the provisions of English law.
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy we will post those changes on the homepage and other places deemed appropriate so that you are aware of what information we may collect. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
Personal Information Collection and Use
LBG will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name or email address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. LBG will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you when you submit your information. The collection and use of personal data will be used in strict accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and EU Directive on Data Protection 95/46 EC and other relevant legislation.
From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may use that information to contact you. We will not otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you. We also reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information where necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on this website.
LBG does not knowingly collect personally identifiable date from children under the age of 13 and does not target its website to children under 13.
Non-Personal Information Collection and Use
In common with many commercial organisations we monitor the use of this website by collecting aggregate information. We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use, the pages you visit or the website which directed you to our site. You cannot be identified from this information and it is used only to assist us in providing an effective service on this website.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files which are sent to your web browser and stored on your computers hard drive. This website uses ‘session cookies’ – temporary cookies remain in your browser until you leave the website. These allow you to carry information across our site without having to re-enter it; it also enables us to analyse web traffic and improve our online services. They can not be used to identify you. You may set your web browser to notify you of cookie placement requests or to decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contain cookies; those files are stored as part of your internet browser.
Security of your Personal Data
We have implemented technologies and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use and will update these measures as appropriate as new technologies become available.
Access and Corrections
Under European data protection law you have a right to request access to personal data.. You also have the right to require any inaccuracies in your information to be corrected free of charge.
Who is responsible for Personal Information collected on this site?
If you have any questions about LBG’s privacy policy, please lbg@corporate-citizenship.com
How to contact us if your information or choices change
If your personal information or your preferences change, you don’t want us to send you the information you have requested or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting our lbg@corporate-citizenship.com
Blogging and News Content
Opinions expressed here are those of the individual bloggers and do not necessarily represent the views of LBG or Corporate Citizenship.
Publications
Every possible effort has been made to ensure that the information contained in our publications are accurate at the time of going to press, and the publishers and author cannot accept responsibility for any errors or omissions, however caused. No responsibility for loss or damage occasioned to any person acting, or refraining from action, as a result of the material in our publications can be accepted by the editor, the publisher or author.
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Social
LBG Internet Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
©							 Copyright Corporate Citizenship 2020