http://www.suncorstainless.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Suncor Stainless, Inc.'s Commitment to Online Security
Physical, electronic and managerial procedures have been employed to safeguard the security and integrity of personal information. All Suncor Stainless, Inc. agents and contractors with access to personal information obtained on the Suncor Stainless, Inc. web sites are also bound to adhere to this policy.
Personal Information that Suncor Stainless, Inc. May Collect Online
Suncor Stainless, Inc. collects personal information online, including names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone and facsimile numbers and questions as they relate to our products or requests for our products.Suncor Stainless, Inc. does not knowingly collect or maintain any personal information from children under the age of 13. In addition, no part of our sites are designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 13.
How Suncor Stainless, Inc. Uses Personal Information Collected Online
Unless you otherwise consent, we will use your personal information only for the purpose for which it is submitted, such as to reply to your emails, handle literature requests, and process billing and business requests related to the purchasing of our products, and we will use such information only to meet our customers needs.
How Your Information May Be Shared
We never sell or rent your personal information. Suncor Stainless, Inc. may also release personal information under the following circumstances:
• Where release is required by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation or is requested by a government agency;
• Where our records indicate a company may be engaged in fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made aware of;
• To appropriate persons, where your communication suggests possible harm to others.
Help Us Keep Your Personal Information Accurate
If your personal information changes or you would like to review the personal information we may have on file, please e-mail us with the new information or your review request at info@suncorstainless.com.
Problems or Complaints with Suncor Stainless, Inc. Privacy Policy
info@suncorstainless.com.
Copyright © Suncor Stainless, Inc. 2016. All rights Reserved.
Subfooter menu
About Us
Legal Disclaimer
Privacy