https://www.albaughllc.com/north-america/privacy-policy/
This website uses first party and third party cookies to improve your experience and anonymously track site visits. By visiting this website, you opt-in to the use of cookies.
North America
Responsible Operations
Company
News
Where To Find Us
Contact Us
Careers
Home /
Privacy Policy
Section Menu
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Collection of Data
Thank you for using our website. When you use our website, data may be automatically collected and stored for various security purposes. This data may include the identity of your internet service provider, the website that you used to find or link to our website, and the web sites that you visit from our site. This data is used in anonymous form for the purpose of improving our website.
Collection and Processing of Personal Data
You are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our site and you may visit our website anonymously by opting out of tracking and cookie collection as described below. We may collect personal data at your request and with your explicit approval when you when you contact us, order products or services, subscribe in any way to communications from us, or fill out forms on this website. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, location, mailing address, or phone number.
The personal data we collect will only be used for the purpose of contacting you upon your request, supplying you with products or services requested, customer support, for other purposes for which you have given your consent, and as required by law.
Data Retention
We may retain personal data only for as long as is necessary for us to perform a service you have requested or to which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by court order, law, or regulation.
Your Rights.
You have the right to obtain, review, amend, and request removal of any personal data stored by us except as otherwise required by court order, law, or regulation. You have the right at any time to withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data by us and delete or restrict how we use your personal information as determined by applicable law. To exercise this right, use the contact information provided at the end of this Policy. We will ask you to verify your identity before responding to such a request.
Data Transfers
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential or as required by a court order, law, or regulation. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Occasional processing and storing of Personal Data may occur in locations in other jurisdictions, such as the United States, and the data protection laws in these jurisdictions may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. In such cases, we will ensure that appropriate protections are in place to require the data processor in that country to maintain protections on the data that are equivalent to those we provide. No Personal Data that is provided to any of our websites outside the United States will be transferred to the United States for processing by us. Personal Data may be processed in the United States by a third party provider as described below.
Use of Cookies
Our website may install a browser “cookie” on your device. We use cookies to save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Data collected via cookies will not be used to determine the personal identity of the website visitor. You can opt-in to use of cookies by accepting the pop-up that appears when you first visit the website. You can also opt-out of use of cookies by instructing your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Opting-out of the use of cookies may prevent you from using our website.
Links to Third parties
We may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Services Provided by Third Parties
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate, perform, or enhance the services provided by our website. Such third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Children
Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. In light of the importance of protecting children’s privacy, we do not collect, process or use on our website any information relating to an individual whom we know to be under 13 years old without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her legal representative. Such legal representative has the right, upon request, to view the information provided by the child and/or to require that it be deleted.
California
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California consumers with the right to obtain from us information about the personal information about you that we collect, use, and disclose. You can exercise your rights through the contact information below. If you choose to exercise your privacy rights, you have the right to not to receive discriminatory treatment or a lesser degree of service from us.
Data Security
We protect your Personal Data using safeguards such as firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls, and information access authorization controls. Although no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage can be guarantee absolute security, we will use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data that are at least as stringent as the methods we use to product our own data.
Change of Control
If we are subject to a merger or acquisition with/by another company, we may share information with them in accordance with our privacy standards. Should such an event occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your Personal Data. If we intend to handle your Personal Data for any purposes not covered in this privacy notice, you will receive prior notification of the processing of your Personal Data for the new purposes.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
dataprivacy@albaughllc.com
Albaugh Affiliates
Global
Argentina
Brazil
Mexico
Europe
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
©
Albaugh LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Site by Spinutech