https://www.custompapertubes.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Call Today: (800) 343-8823
Contact Us
FacebookTwitterLinkedinPinterestInstagram
our COOKIE policy
What are cookies
We collect information about your use of our website through cookies. Cookies are information files stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone that help websites remember who you are and information about your visit. Cookies can help to display the information on a website in a way that matches your interests. Most major websites use cookies.
What cookies are used on this website:
The cookies we use on this website are broadly grouped into the following categories:
Essential – Some of the cookies on our website are essential for us to be able to provide you with a service you have requested. An example of this would be a cookie used to allow communication between your browser and our website. Our cookie preference described in the section “How can I reject or opt out of receiving cookies?” is also an essential cookie. You may not be able to use our website without these cookies.
Analytics – We use analytics cookies to helps us understand how users engage with our website. An example is counting the number of different people coming to our website or using a particular feature, rather than the total number of times the site or feature is used. Without this cookie, if you visited the website once each week for three weeks we would count you as three separate users. We would find it difficult to analyze how well our website was performing and improve it without these cookies.
User Cookies – We use cookies to improve your experience by remembering your preferences so we know how you like to use our website. Examples of this would be remembering you so that you receive the same, or similar content, or to remember you when you come back to our site.
Social Sharing – We use third party cookies to allow you to share content directly on the social networking/sharing sites like Facebook, Twitter or Google+. Examples would be if you wanted to “like” or “tweet” about us or our products or services. Please see “Third Party Cookies” section below for more details.
Interest-Based Advertising
You will have noticed that when you visit websites you will be shown advertisements for products and services you may interested in purchasing. The money made by website owners for showing third party advertisements on their websites often pays for the cost of running the website and therefore usually allows you to use the website without having to pay a registration or usage fee. To try and ensure that the advertisements you see are relevant to you, third party cookies may be used to collect information about the types of things that interest you, for example websites you visit and the geography that you are based in. Having these cookies does not increase the number of advertisements you will be shown, but simply makes the advertisements you see more relevant. Please see “Third Party Cookies” section below for more details.
How can I reject or opt out of receiving cookies?
If you do not wish cookies to be stored on your machine, you can do the following:
Delete the cookies from your browser. Most browsers also allow you to prevent all or some cookies being stored on your machine in the future. For more information on how to delete or disable cookies from your browser please use the “help” function within your browser.
Please note that we cannot always control third party cookies stored on your machine from our website. Where this is the case, you will need to visit the relevant third party’s website directly to manage cookies stored on your machine by them. Please see “Third Party Cookies” section below. Please be aware that disabling cookies may impact the functionality of this website.
Third party cookies
Some of the cookies described in the “What Cookies are used on this Website” section above are stored on your machine by third parties when you use our website. Third parties may also read cookies on your browser to collect information or to serve content or advertisements to you. We have no control over these cookies or how the third parties use them. They are used to allow a third party to provide a service to us, for example analytics. For more information on these cookies and how to disable them, please see:
Federal Trade Commission website at https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking - Here you will be able to learn more about online tracking and the types of cookies.
Third Party: Google
Type of cookies:
Analytics – Google provides anonymized data about the visits made to our website.
User – Google use cookies to help protect your privacy and help ensure your browsing activities remain safe.
Social Sharing – Google also store cookies which allow the “Google +” social sharing functionality.
Interest-Based Advertising – Google tools may also collect data for the purpose of interest-based advertising. More information and how to opt-out: http://www.google.co/intl/en/policies/privacy
Third Party: Facebook
Type of cookies: Social Sharing – Facebook store cookies which allow the Facebook “Like” social sharing functionality but only if you click on the Facebook “Like” button on our website or log in using your Facebook account.
More information and how to opt-out: http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Third Party: Twitter
Type of cookies: Social Sharing – Twitter also store cookies which allow their social sharing functionality including the “Tweet” function and to generate usage information during your visit to our website.
More information and how to opt-out: http://twitter.com/privacy
If you want to know more about how cookies work and how to manage or delete them, visit the World Wide Web Consortium’s website: http://www.w3.org/Security/Faq/wwwsf2.html#CLT-Q10.
We may update this policy from time to time so you may want to check it each time you visit our website.
We last updated this policy on May 17, 2018.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie policy
×