http://www.smsproducts.com/site/privacy-policy.aspx
Sneeze GuardsSocial Distance SignsVapor Deflector
Brochure BoxesGeneric Brochure BoxesGeneric With Card HolderSpring loadedLogo Boxes on StakeCopy ConserverFranchise LogoINFOPAKMedium DutyBusiness Card HolderFree Standing
Sign FramesVinyl Yard PostSteel Yard PostSteel A FramesPlastic A FramesDouble Stake FramesClassic FramesMetal StakesPennant PolesPennants
A Frame Signs
Wind Signs
Brochure HoldersBrochure Holder Tri Fold Half LetterFull Sheet Holders
Economy Brochure HoldersFree Standing
Indoor Literature HoldersFull Sheet HoldersHouse Literature HolderTake One Leave OneCopy ConserverCopy Conserver with Franchise LogoBusiness Card HolderTiered Brochure HolderSingle Sheet Holder
Acrylic Ad Frames
Plastic Ad Frames
Ballot Box
HardwareVinyl Yard Post
Sign RidersHeavy Duty 6 x 24 RedHeavy Duty 6 x 24 BlueMedium Duty Red
SignageWire StandsYard MarkersDie Cut HouseDie Cut ArrowDie Cut StarOpen HouseSign KitsWire Stands
Carousel Displays
FNT
Door Bags
Injection Molded Literature Holders
Wall Mount Literature Organizers
Window Advertising Frames
Magazine Display Racks
Display Holders
Acrylic Wall Units
TICOR
PRIVACY POLICY FOR SMS PRODUCTS.COM
A Summary of SMS Products & Displays, Inc. Privacy and Security Statement
SMS Products & Displays, Inc. takes the privacy of our customers and the security of their Personal Information) very seriously. We provide this summary of our Privacy and Security Statement ("Statement") because you have the right to know what Personal Information we collect, how it is protected and used and the circumstances under which it may be disclosed. The complete Privacy and Security Statement may be viewed by.
If you have further questions regarding this Statement, please contact us:
by email at: privacy@smsproducts.com and include your name and telephone number or email or postal address so that we can contact you; or
Contact us @ 714-961-8492; or
by letter to us at: SMS Products & Displays, Inc., Privacy Director PO BOX 10 Chino Hills, CA. 91709, making sure to include your name and mailing address or telephone number so that we can contact you.
To Whom this Statement Applies
This Statement only applies to SMS Products & Displays, Inc. This Statement does not apply to affiliated entities of SMS Products & Displays, Inc. or to Distributors of SMS Products & Displays, Inc.
The Personal Information We Collect How It Is Gathered and Used
We collect only the Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us or that is given to us by affiliated entities or third parties that have your permission to share your Personal Information with us. "Personal Information" includes your name, shipping and/or mailing address if goods are to be shipped or mailed to your home, home telephone number, email address, credit or debit card account number, Real Estate activity preferences and may also include your purchase history. We do not share email addresses you provide to us when you use the Email-A-Friend feature or when you contact us via email. We assume when you use the Email-A-Friend feature that you have the authority or have obtained the consent of the recipient of your message to provide us with his or her email address for the purpose of sending the message and any attached information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to respond to and fulfill your requests for SMS Products & Displays, Inc. products and services and to market our products and services, including:
to send you our catalogs and other offers through mail;
to send you our email newsletters and specials offers;
to contact you about the status of or to obtain additional information about your order;
to improve our web site, customer service and merchandise selections
The Personal Information We Share and Who We Share It With SMS Products & Displays, Inc does not rent or sell its email address lists. We may share segments of your Personal Information with our affiliated entities as necessary to complete a transaction that you specifically request; for example if you purchase on smsproducts.com through the link provided at the authorize.net site we will disclose the authorize.net number and dollar amount of the purchase made to authorize.net. Under certain agreements with other web sites that link to smsproducts.com, we may share your name, mailing address, email address, and the dollar amount of purchases made after you access our web site through the link. We use a third party analytics service to help us gather and analyze information about our customers; the information we share with that service provider is a customer ID number, an email address, the city, province and a postal code to enable the third party company to conduct its analysis.
The companies with which we share Personal Information are contractually prohibited from using the information obtained from SMS Products & Displays, Inc. for any purpose other than that for which it was provided and are required to have appropriate safeguards in place to protect that information. For information on how to instruct us not to use your Personal Information for these purposes, see "How You Can Control the Use of Your Personal Information" below.
We may also sell, transfer or otherwise disclose Personal Information including but not limited to your name and mailing address, in connection with a fundamental corporate change such as a merger, consolation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
Personal Information We Do Not Share We do not share your telephone number or credit card information for use by other companies For more details on the sharing of your Personal Information please contact us via email Privacy@smsproducts.com How You Can Control the Use of Your Personal Information We give you choices and control over the collection and use of your Personal Information. You can update your Personal Information, remove your email address from our email list or remove your name from our catalog mailing list or from lists we share with quality companies. You may opt out of individualized data collection done by our third party analytics service. There are known methods that spammers can use to hide their identity by using other people's email address to send out emails. If you have any question about the genuineness of an email you receive that appears to be from SMS Products & Displays, Inc., contact us and do not furnish personal information in response to the email. How You Can Control Email Communications You Receive From Us You have the opportunity to choose to receive email communications such as our newsletter and/or special offers and change your mind at any time. If you choose not to sign up for this email service, we will send you only email that relates to a specific purchase or in response to an email inquiry from you. Other Types of Information We Gather, How it is Used and Our Use of Gifs and Cookies We use technology to collect anonymous, non-Personal Information that indicates how our site is used by visitors. We use this information to improve our site, for example by enhancing pages or features that are visited frequently, and on occasion we may share this information with our affiliates or other third party companies to provide them with an indication of the amount of interest in our site for advertising purposes and to help us plan for technical improvements. This information will not identify you or any other user of our web site as an individual. We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails the recipients have opened. We use cookies to understand how our site visitors link to our site and what pages they view during their visit. Cookies also allow us to personalize your shopping experience and speed the check-out process. Your browser must be set to accept cookies before you can place an order at smsproducts.com
How We Strive to Protect Personal Information
SMS Products & Displays, Inc. has implemented a variety of encryption and security technologies and procedures to protect information stored in our computer systems from unauthorized access. We also maintain procedural safeguards that restrict access to your Personal Information to employees (or people working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) who need to know your Personal Information in order to provide the products and services that you request.
Our Policies Regarding Children We do not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any information without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian. We will not knowingly collect Personal Information about any person under 13 years of age. If you believe that we have information from or about anyone under 13 years of age, please notify us by email or call 714-961-8492
Links to Other Sites We provide links to affiliated entities and on occasion to other sites we think you may enjoy. These sites operate independently of SMS Products & Displays, Inc. and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we encourage you to review these policies before submitting any Personal Information through these sites.
Consent to Transfer This web site is operated in the United States. Please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using this web site and/or providing us with your Personal Information through this web site, you consent to this transfer.
Updates to this Statement We will update this Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our business. If we change how we use your Personal Information or the purposes or entities for and to which we disclose your Personal Information we will post the policy change notification on our web site.
Our current SMS Products & Displays Statement was last updated October 31, 2020.
13971 Ramona Ave.,
Chino,
CA
91710
Copyright © 2020 , All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap |
Search
BUY DIRECT FORM THE MANUFACTURER AND SAVE $$$. MINIMUM ORDER FEE APPLIES FOR ONLINE WEB ORDERS.
NOTE: AS OF 12/10/2020 ALL ORDERS PLACED ONLINE WILL
PROCESS IN 1-2 DAYS AND SHIP GROUND + 5 TRANSIT DAYS FED-EX SHIPPING.
Home
About Us
Contact
Specials
FAQ
Login
Register
CART
0 Items($0.00)
Welcome
New Items
Imprinting
Downloads
What's New
Bill of Rights
Terms
Samples
Privacy Policy
Company Story