https://www.generalplastics.com/home/privacy-policy
MARKET APPLICATIONS
Markets Overview
Aerospace
Composite Core
Tooling and Molds
Prototypes and Models
Marine
Subsea
Dielectric
Doors & Windows
Thermal Blocks
Signs
Medical
Nuclear Containers
Blast Mitigation
Sports and Recreation
CAPABILITIES
Our Capabilities
Quality Assurance & Certifications
Sub-Assemblies
Cast / Molded Parts
Machining
Complex Laminates
Custom Foam Services
Testing Services
PRODUCTS
All Products
Rigid Foams
Flexible Foam Sheet Stock
Flexible Foams (Parts Program)
Product Finder
Request Sample
RESOURCES
All Resources
Blog
Case Applications
Technical Papers
Technical Data Sheets and SDS
Product Reference Downloads
Video Library
Why Polyurethane
FAQ
DISTRIBUTORS
U.S. Distributors
International Distributors
ABOUT
About General Plastics
Our Vision
75 Years of Innovation
Testimonials
News and Events
Careers
Privacy Policy
Warranty
Terms & Conditions of Sale
CONTACT
Home > ABOUT > Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
General Plastics Manufacturing Company, Inc., (referred to herein as GP) is a Washington State, USA, Corporation, fully licensed and authorized to do business both nationally and internationally.  In order to comply with various jurisdiction’s requirements for privacy notice we submit the following.
GP respects the privacy of your personal information and takes our responsibility to protect it seriously.  This privacy notice is provided on behalf of the company and applies to our current and former customers, and any potential customers who contact us via the website at www.generalplastics.com.  This notice describes how we treat the information we receive about you, including the ways in which we will share your personal information within GP and your right to opt out of such sharing.
Protecting Your Personal Information
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.  The people who are authorized to have access to your personal information need it to do their jobs, and we require them to keep that information secure and confidential. We promise to notify you and authorities of any breach of our safety protocols that affect your privacy.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information when you visit our site, fill out applications and other forms, when you enter personal details on our website, when you respond to our emails, and when you provide us information over the telephone.  This information includes:
Category:
Examples:
Identifiers
A real name, postal address, phone or fax numbers, email address, unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, account name, tax ID numbers, financial information, or other similar identifiers.
Commercial information
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data
Physical location, generally.
Personal Information We Collect From Other Sources
GP will collect information from trusted third-party sources as part of routine card verification (fraud) checks.  This information is used for commercial transactional purposes only.  GP will never share or sell this information.
Using Your Information
We use your personal information for various business purposes, including:
Fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.  If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery.  We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
Create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us
Complete business research and analysis
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service interest
Promote our products to you
Support, personalize, and develop our website, products, and services
Provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries; including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses
Sharing Your Information for Business Purposes
We engage certain trusted subcontractors or third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including but not limited to security, auditing, hosting and maintenance, error monitoring, debugging, performance monitoring, and database storage and management.  We may share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services.  We also require these third parties to maintain the privacy and security of the personal information they process on our behalf.  We do not share confidential information with outside entities, or other suppliers or subcontractors that work on your behalf, without your permission.  Certain aspects of your information is confidential and GP will not release or trade on confidential information that may injure our customers, clients or vendors.
You can limit sharing of personal information even further by following the instructions described in this notice.  We may also share your personal information as permitted or required by law, including, for example, to law enforcement officials and regulators, in response to subpoenas, and to prevent fraud.
Sales of Personal Information
General Plastics will never sell protected information that has been collected.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, GP has sold the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
[NO]
Category B: California Consumer Records Personal Information Categories
[NO]
Category C: Protected Classification Characteristics Under California or Federal Law
[NO]
Category D: Commercial information
[NO]
Category E: Geolocation data
[NO]
Right to Request Information
You have the right to request your information that GP has collected.  You can request this information for free, twice per year. GP promises to provide proof of requested information in a portable and easily accessible format within a period of forty-five (45) days from the requested submission.
GP promises to provide the following information:
Categories of personal information GP collects about the person/consumer
Categories of sources of the consumer’s personal information
Business or commercial purpose for collecting the person’s/consumer’s personal information
Categories of any third parties with whom GP shares the person’s/consumer’s personal information
Specific pieces of personal information collected about the consumer
To request your information please complete the form found at: www.GeneralPlastics.com/privacyoptout
Right to Deletion of Information
You also have the right to request the deletion of your information for a time period of three hundred sixty five (365) days.  GP promises to provide notice of deletion within a period of forty-five (45) days from request submission.
However, this right does not apply where GP needs to retain the personal information in order to do the following:
Provide goods or services to the customer
Detect or resolve security or functionality-related issues
Comply with law
Conduct research in the public interest
Safeguard the right to free speech
Carry out actions for internal purposes that the consumer might reasonably expect
To request the deletion of your information, please complete the form found at: www.GeneralPlastics.com/privacyoptout
Right to Opt-Out of Communications
You may receive emails about our services, events and company announcements, and related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to opt out from receiving future emails, we include an unsubscribe function at the bottom of every GP-produced email, or you may opt out below.
You may also tell us not to share your personal information with subcontractors.
To limit our sharing for these purposes:
Visit us online at: GeneralPlastics.com/privacyoptout
Email us at marketing@generalplastics.com
You are not able to limit our ability to share your personal information among various divisions of the company if we are currently under contract and fulfilling orders on your behalf.
Right to Non-Discrimination
GP will not discriminate against any person for having exercised their right to request their information or request the deletion of their information.
In particular, GP will not:
Deny the person/consumer goods or services
Charge the person/consumer different prices for goods or services, whether through denying benefits or imposing penalties
Provide the person/consumer with a different level or quality of goods and services to the customer
Threaten the person/consumer with any of the above
Questions
If you have any questions about how we protect, use, and share your personal information or about this privacy notice, please call us.  The toll-free number is 1-800-806-6051.
Privacy Policy Updated
December 31, 2019
Request a quote
Cookie ConsentWe use cookies to improve user experience, and analyze website traffic.
For these reasons, we may share your site usage data with our partners. By continuing to browse or by clicking “Accept” you consent to store on your device cookies as described in our Privacy Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Please read our Privacy Policy for full details.
Accept and ClosePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.