http://www.apclabels.com/terms-cond.php
Home | Store | Thermal Transfer Ribbons | Label Products | UL Labels | Thermal Parking Tickets | Specialty Items | Links |
Request a Quote | Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Pricing
All prices are based on the information, specifications, and artwork (if printed) you have supplied. In the event we determine that there is a discrepancy between this quoted price and the information supplied with your order (this may be in specifications, artwork, samples, descriptions, or other material issues), we reserve the right to modify the quoted price to accommodate your requested changes. We will review any adjustment with you before we accept your order. This would include sending a corrected copy of a purchase order indicating the corrections accepted. Some carton prices may not match per M price x qty/carton due to mathematical rounding. Carton pricing supersedes per M prices. Prices are subject to change without notice.
All statements, sales information, technical information and recommendations concerning products sold or samples provided by American Printing Converters, Inc. are based upon tests believed to be reliable, but do not constitute a guarantee or warranty. In no instance shall American Printing Converters, Inc. be held liable for damages arising from the use of its products in excess of actual replacement cost of the products.
Tolerances
The price quoted includes the following standards manufacturing tolerances:
Sizes: Die cut size, label size, location of perforations or other mechanical features tolerance is +/- 0.03125" (1/32"). All locations are measured from the top and left edge of the label or carrier.
Print registration tolerance is +/- 0.04687" (3/64"), measured from the left and top edges of the label.
Color match tolerance is within one shade of PMS color for flexographic printing as measured by an industrial spectrometer.
Note: If this job requires tighter tolerances please call us to discuss the details.
Materials
We use high quality materials, inks, stocks, and adhesives. However, we cannot control the manner in which these products are used; therefore, we assume no responsibility for any damage arising out of the use of the products we manufacture.
Shipping
American Printing Converters, Inc. is happy to drop ship any order. You have an option of shipping labels with only your name and your return phone number printed on them, or blind shipments. No drop ship charges will be applied, only normal shipping and handling charges.
All products will be ship via our carrier, unless otherwise noted on your purchase order.
All shipments are F.O.B our factory or distribution center. Shipments will be routed per your instructions, but if not specified, we will make the shipment using our own discretion. We will endeavor to meet all delivery conditions requested, but delays or failures in these commitments resulting from casualties, fire, flood, labor negotiations, raw material shortages, or other causes beyond our ability to control will not be considered a breach of agreement. Please see next paragraph regarding freight damage.
Freight is F.O.B. our factory or warehouse. We assume no responsibility for loss or damage.
Same Day Shipping
Any stock item requested to ship same day should be submitted no later than 11 AM EST.
Changes to Shipping Requirements
Any shipping changes must be confirmed in writing.
Rush Delivery
Rush delivery is available for an up-charge, based on scheduling and material availability.
Re-Stocking Fee
At the discretion of American Printing Converters, Inc., a 25% restocking fee may be applied, or American Printing Converters, Inc. may refuse to take back any orders because of a customers' incorrect ordering.
Over/Under Runs
Kindly allow for +/- 10% Over or Under Run for all custom orders.
Returns
No product can be returned after 30 days. No product will be accepted for return without a Return Authorization from American Printing Converters. Kindly contact us for a Return Authouization.
Minimum Orders
Minimum order is $70.00
Canceling Orders
Stock orders: Ship within 24-48 hours. Cancellations must be received in writing the same day the order is placed, before the order is shipped or the re-stocking charge will apply.
Custom items: Cancellations must be received within 5 days of scheduled ship date. Any expense incurred to that time by American Printing Converters, Inc. will be billed to the customer.
Method of Payment
We accept Visa, MasterCard and American Express. Product will not be shipped until we receive approval of any credit card charge from the clearing bank.
Link to Other Web Sites
The site may contain links to other web sites controlled or maintained by other persons or companies. American Printing Converters, Inc. provides these links solely for your convenience and American Printing Converters, Inc. will not be liable or responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information appearing on those web sites.
Security
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. This enables American Printing Converters, Inc. to improve its web site to serve you better. You may choose to not receive cookies from American Printing Converters, Inc. web site by setting your browser to notify you before accepting cookies. You then have the option of rejecting the cookie. You may also set your browser to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject a cookie it may slow down or prohibit your interaction with the web site.
Encryption
American Printing Converters, Inc. uses industry standard encryption security measures to protect the privacy and integrity of the information you provide to us once it is received on our systems. We understand that using web site commerce can cause concern. Unfortunately, when you submit information about yourself to American Printing Converters, Inc. over the Internet, the information may travel over many systems that are not under the control of American Printing Converters, Inc. While American Printing Converters, Inc. tries to protect the information you provides us, we can not ensure the secrecy of any information that you transmit to us. You transmit information to American Printing Converters, Inc. at your own risk.
Your purchase transactions with us are secure. Encryption ensures that transaction information is sent securely. The absence of the "lock" or "Key" in your browser does not mean that the information you are looking at is encrypted. You can verify that a frame is encrypted by right-clicking within the frame and looking at the frame info or properties (i.e. Found in the "View" menu in Netscape and the "File" menu in Internet Explorer.) Doing this within American Printing Converters, Inc. checkout pages will indeed show that this information is being sent encrypted.
Password
It is vital for you to protect your password and account information. You should not share this information with anyone other than your employer. You retain sole responsibility for maintaining the secrecy of your password or other account information.
Privacy
We do not sell any information which we collect from you to any third party. We do not use cookies although we do not require that you keep / accept these cookies.
User's agree not to take actions which American Printing Converters, Inc. deems inappropriate which includes, but is not limited to stalking, harassment, collection of other user's personal information, impersonate any user or American Printing Converters, Inc. employee, transmit misleading information, post or otherwise transmit material or links to materials which the user does not have the rights to, post or otherwise transmit materials related to criminal activity, hacking, viruses, worms, etc., access information to which you do not have permission to access, access pages after your right to access has been terminated.
Disclaimer
Information on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The use of information off of the site is at the user's risk and American Printing Converters, Inc. in no event will be held liable for damages, direct, indirect, special, or other received from the use of information acquired on this site.
Information may be changed or updated without notice.
Is the responsibility of the user to supply American Printing Converters, Inc. with accurate and up to date information on shipping and billing. Prices are subject to change without notice.
American Printing Converters, Inc. may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice.
American Printing Converters, Inc. may also make improvements and/or changes in this statement at any time without notice. It is the user's responsibility to maintain an up to date and accurate version of these policies.
American Printing Converters, Inc. retains the right to terminate any user's accounts and or ability to utilize this system for any reason.
The user agrees to indemnify and hold American Printing Converters, Inc., and its affiliates, harmless from any claims and/or expenses resulting form the use of American Printing Converters, Inc. The user does not maintain the right to terminate this agreement; however if American Printing Converters, Inc. wishes to terminate this agreement it may do so at its discretion and with appropriate exceptions to any clauses held within it so chooses.
American Printing Converters, Inc.
635 Nassau Road - Uniondale, NY 11553-2704
(800) 645-2792 - (516) 292-0999 - Fax (516) 292-1185
American Printing Converters, Inc. Gladly accepts Visa, Mastercard & Discover for all orders.
E-mail: apc-info at apclabels dot com
home | store | thermal parking tickets | label products | ul labels | thermal transfer ribbons | specialty items | links |
request a quote
| terms & conditions
Copyright
© 2000 American Printing Converters. All Rights Reserved
Privacy
Policy