http://www.terminic.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
start
company
calendars
downloads
promotional
brochure
contact
sitemap
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
The contents of this internet presentation are subject to the copyright law and serve exclusively to provide the user with individual information. For the reproduction and transfer of contents of this internet presentation, you require our prior consent in writing.
Disclaimer:
We do not assume any liability for the up-to-dateness, correctness and completeness of the information provided. No entitlement for any common law claim may be derived from the provision of data on our pages.
This privacy statement is to inform you on the processing of personal data via http://www.terminic.co.uk (‘Website’) and the handling of this data by terminic UK Ltd.
terminic UK Ltd respects the privacy of visitors to this Website. Personal data is only collected where necessary to service your requests.
This Website contains features to subscribe for updates on terminic UK Ltd or a contact form to directly contact us for more information. We collect the contact information you provide to us through these options in order to service your request(s).
The collection and processing of personal data through this Website is done in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
terminic UK Ltd does not collect personal data through this Website, unless provided by you through our contact form or through your request to be subscribed to our periodic updates.
In these cases, terminic UK Ltd collects the following data:
What type of data is collected?
Your first name
Your surname
Your e-mail address
In addition, if you chose to provide us this data along with your request, terminic UK Ltd can collect the following data:
The name of your organisation or company
Your phone number
What are the purposes for collecting my data?
Personal data collected through this Website will only be used for the purposes for which it was provided. If you make use of our contact form, we will use the data you provided to stay in touch with you and service your request. If you fill in a request to be kept informed by us, we will collect your details in order to periodically provide you with updates on developments regarding recruitment, marketing and terminic UK Ltd. You may un-subscribe from any of our mailing lists at any point by simply clicking on the link included in the communication, or by visiting the website and sending a new contact request with the words unsubscribe in the text field
Will any of my data be given to third parties?
terminic UK Ltd does not sell your personal data to third parties, nor will terminic UK Ltd provide your personal data to third parties, unless obligated by law, for instance in case of a lawful request by law enforcement authorities.
The only time we may pass your data on to third parties is where they are engaged to help deliver a service.
If this is the case, they will have been vetted to ensure they are GDPR compliant and meet with our higher than legally required standard.
For how long will my data be kept?
terminic UK Ltd will save your data for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was provided. Our newsletter will offer you the possibility to unsubscribe, after which your data will be deleted from our systems unless you are a “live” contact. In the case of the contact form, after we have serviced your request, your data will be kept for a maximum of two years for analytic purposes. Client personal information will be deleted 18 months after the contract has ended.
Will my personal data be secure?
We value your privacy. terminic UK Ltd has therefore taken organisational and technical measures to protect your data from theft, loss or any kind of use that is not in line with the purposes for which the data was collected. We work with secured networks and, if necessary, with encryption.
Where can I file a request to access, rectify or remove my data?
If you wish to access your data that is processed through this Website, you can send a request by e-mail to sales@terminic.co.uk
In order for us to make sure that you are who you say you are, we ask you to attach a photocopy of your ID to your request. Please make sure that you blacken out your photograph and social security number.
Following your request for access, you can request rectification or removal of your data.
This can be requested if:
• The personal data is incorrect;
• The personal data is incomplete or not relevant to the specific purpose for which it was collected;
• The personal data is used in violation of the law.
terminic UK Ltd will answer your request within 30 days.
Does terminic UK Ltd use cookies?
The terminic UK Ltd collects a minimum of data through this Website. However, this Website uses cookies to track your visit to our publicly accessible web pages. We use this information to establish the number of unique visitors to our website and the pages navigated, and to improve the user experience. Please see our Cookie policy
Reference to and Referral from Websites of Third Parties:
We review the references to (links) external pages at the time the links are established, after that we only provisionally review them. We herewith expressly emphasise that we do not have any control over the design and the contents of any of the linked external pages. Therefore, we disassociate ourselves from the contents of linked external websites that are featured on our website, which may be covered by liability law or which infringe ethical principles. The contents and the functionality of external offers are solely the responsibility of the respective providers. Furthermore, we also advise you that we cannot control who sets a link to our pages.
Google Analytics:
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files which will be stored on your computer and which enable the analysis of your use of the website. The information regarding your use of the website generated by the cookie (including your IP address) is transferred to one of Google’s servers in the US and stored there. Google will use this data in order to analyse your use of the website, to compose reports regarding your website activities for the website operators and to provide further services connected to the use of the website and the internet.
Google will also transfer this data to third parties, if the law requires it or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. In no case will Google make a connection between your IP address and other data. You can adjust your browser setting to prevent the installation of cookies. Please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you agree that the data about you collected by Google may be processed as described above and for the purpose described above. At any given time, you can revoke Google Analytics’ right to collect and use your IP address from that time forward. For more information, please see http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that the anonymise code has been added to Google Analytics on this website in order to guarantee an anonymous registration of IP addresses.
terminic UK Ltd - First Floor, Crown House, 94-96 Alexandra Road, Hull, HU5 2NX - Phone: +44 (0) 1482 348834 - Email: sales@terminic.co.uk
Privacy Policy - Cookies Policy