https://www.sisfirst.com/privacy-policy
172.16.41.172
https://www.sisfirst.com/privacy-policy
Our Privacy Policy | Surgical Information Systems
Client Login
SIS Central
Amkai Central
Amkai Link
SM Client
Client Login
Client Login
SIS Central
Amkai Central
Amkai Link
SM Client
ASCs
ASCs
ASC OverviewSIS delivers ASC management, documentation, and communications solutions that help drive efficiency and profitability.
Comprehensive ASC TechnologyDelivered on a single platform in the cloud, SIS Complete manages surgical cases from start to finish.
Solutions
ASC ManagementSIS delivers cloud-based ASC management software to transform the way ASCs look at daily operations.
Clinical DocumentationStreamline workflows with electronic documentation including mobile capabilities that clinicians say they love to use.
Physician Office EngagementConnect your ASC to the surgeon’s office with schedule view, electronic case requests, and document sharing.
Patient EngagementElectronic preop and postop patient questionnaires and text and email communications improve efficiency and compliance.
ASC AnalyticsMake data actionable with drill-down analytics that fuel process and quality improvements.
Additional ASC SolutionsLearn about the full SIS ASC product portfolio.
ASC Partners
See it in action!
Revenue Cycle Services
Revenue Cycle Services
Revenue Cycle Services OverviewOutsource your ASC revenue cycle to the professionals at SIS to accelerate reimbursement and drive revenue.
A Guide to Revenue Cycle Management for Surgery Centers
What is Revenue Cycle Management?
How Revenue Cycele Management and Patient Experience Intersect
Evolving Surgical Revenue Cycle Processes
Keep an Eye on KPIs
Surgical Cycle for ASCs
Surgical Revenue Cycle Software
What to Look for in a Surgical Revenue Cycle Services (RCS) Partner
Learn More
Hospitals
Hospitals
Hospital OverviewSIS perioperative IT solutions have helped hospitals improve surgical operations for over 20 years.
Hospital Partners
Interoperability
Solutions
AnesthesiaTransform the paper anesthesia chart into a legible, comprehensive electronic record.
Hospital AnalyticsTurn data into actionable insights on key performance indicators and clinical quality metrics.
SurgeryComprehensive surgery management solution including scheduling, nursing documentation, and care team communications.
Additional Hospital SolutionsAdd-on modules that enhance the SIS Surgery solution.
See it in action!
Resources
Resources
Resource LibraryView webinars on demand and read the latest SIS blog posts to stay current on perioperative IT.
Blog
Upcoming Webinars
Trending Webinars
Latest Blog Posts
Careers
Contact
About
About Us
Our CompanyWe power surgical performance through software solutions that help our clients deliver a superior patient experience.
Learn More
Events
News
Client Stories
Working with SIS
Leadership
Recognition
Days to Bill: Optimizing This Critical Key Performance Indicator Watch as our RCS experts define the "days to bill" KPI, review how to measure the KPI, provide guidance to improve the KPI, and more!
ASC Revenue Cycle 2019 Review and 2020 ForecastWatch RCS experts as they highlight the most significant ASC revenue cycle developments of 2019 and discuss what developments ASCs can anticipate in 2020.
Lessons Learned from the Coronavirus Crisis
5 Easy Tips to Ensure the Right Choice for your ASC Software
Patient Collections: Challenges, Opportunities, and Best Practices: Q&A
Why Your ASC Needs to Survey and Understand the Patient Experience in 2020
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes and applies to the information we collect from you when you visit this website (“Website”). The terms “we,”“our,”and “us” in this Privacy Policy refer to Surgical Information Systems, LLC and its affiliates, Amkai LLC and Source Medical Solutions, Inc. Our Privacy Policy generally describes how we collect, share, use, and protect your information.
1. Information That We Collect
When you visit our Website, we receive and collect certain information about you. The information that we receive and collect depends in part on what you do when you visit our Website. You may be able to improve your experience on our Website when you tell us who you are – for example, by signing up for newsletters, making inquiries, or replying to our blog postings (if available). Some of the information you may submit is personally identifiable information, but much of it is not. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies a particular person. Examples include your name, phone number, address, and social security number. It is possible to browse our Website without actively submitting any personally identifiable information. We or our third-party service providers may use this information for a number of purposes, for example, to better service your requests and/or inquiries, monitor Website usage and/or performance, improve the customer experience of our Website, ensure technological compatibility with your computer, protect against fraud or identity theft, or conduct aggregate analyses on usage patterns. Automatically Collected Information Every time you visit a website, some information is automatically collected from you. For example, this information may include some or all of the following items: your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address and/or domain; type and version of Internet browser software and operating system you use; date, time, and duration of your Website access; specific pages, buttons, images, videos, links, or forms that you access while visiting the Website; and demographic information concerning the country of origin of your computer and the language(s) used by it. Information Collected via Cookies and Other Similar Technology “Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your computer to distinguish you from other visitors to our Website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect or track information about your activities while using the website. We or our third-party service providers may place cookies or similar files on your hard drive for many of the reasons listed above while visiting our Website. Most people do not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit websites because browsers are typically set to accept cookies. You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can choose not to accept cookies. You can also delete cookies from your computer at any time. If you refuse cookies, the functionality of our Website may be impacted or become non-functional. In addition to using cookies, we or our third-party service providers may also use similar technologies to track users’interactions with our Website.We may use these technologies on our Website to verify your identity, remember personal settings including your preferences, to offer you additional options or enhance your online experience, and to improve our products and services. We may also use them for marketing site personalization, and tracking of online applications and programs and/or track the effectiveness of advertisements for our products and services, referred to as banner ads, that we may place on our Website or other linked and/or partner websites. Cookies used for tracking advertising effectiveness do not collect personally identifiable information. In order to better serve you, some of these technologies allow us the ability to view your past interactions with our Websites for customer service and troubleshooting, as well as other related purposes.
2. Information You Choose to Submit
For most of the browsing on our Website, we neither require nor collect personally identifiable information. You can browse our Website and take as much time as you want to review our information without having to submit such information.
3. E-Mail Communications
Forms of communication such as e-mail, text messaging, our Website Contact, or other forms of electronic communication are inherently insecure. Please refrain from submitting sensitive personal information (such as social security number or credit card account number or health care data) via e-mail or similar method of communication. When you send an e-mail to us, you are communicating with us electronically and consent to receive reply communications from us or our providers electronically. We may retain the content of the e-mail, your e-mail address, and our response in order to better service your needs or for legal and regulatory reasons.
4. Personal Information on Children
We respect the privacy of children and encourage all parents to supervise their children’s computer usage. Our products and services are directed to business customers, and therefore, we do not knowingly collect or retain personal information from children under the age of eighteen. We advise all visitors to our Website under the age of 13 not to disclose or provide any personally identifiable information on our Website.
5. Third Party Websites
Our Website may contain links to third-party websites. These links and pointers to third-party websites are not part of our Website. We do not make any representations or warranties regarding these third-party websites. We are not responsible for any losses or damages in connection with the information, security, privacy practices, availability, content or accuracy of materials of such third-party websites. These third-party websites might have privacy policies different from us and third-party websites may provide less privacy and/or security than our Website. We encourage you to review the privacy and security policies of all third-party websites before you share any personally identifiable information.
6. Additional Uses or Sharing of Your Information
In addition to those methods discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may use and share your information, including personally identifiable information, without limitation, in the following manner: • In response to judicial or other governmental subpoenas, warrants and court orders served on us in accordance with their terms, or as otherwise required by applicable law; • To comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of governmental authorities; • To protect our rights or property, protect our legitimate business interests, to enforce the provisions of our terms or policies, in cases of customer fraud/disputes, and/or to prevent harm to you or others; • To protect or defend us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute; • With third party business partners to provide additional products and/or services; • With a third party purchaser (and its representatives) in the event of a sale of our business; • As disclosed in other applicable policies, terms of use, or other agreements; or • As permitted or required by law or as authorized by you.
7. How to Protect Your Personally Identifiable Information
You have a role in helping us by safeguarding your information from others. You have several options when deciding how you can best protect your personally identifiable information. One option is simply not to volunteer it.
8. Suspicious E-Mail
We will never e-mail you to request personal information over the Internet or by any other means. Help protect yourself against online fraud – if you suspect that an unsolicited e-mail that appears to have been sent from us is fraudulent, please contact us.
9. Notice to Persons Accessing this Website Outside the United States
If you reside outside the U.S., any information you provide to us on our Website will be transferred out of your country and into the U.S. If you do not want your personally identifiable information to leave your country, do not provide the information to us. By providing personally identifiable information to us, you explicitly consent to the transfer of your information to the U.S.
10. Changes to our Online Privacy Policy
Please note that we will periodically make changes to our Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often. Your continued use of our Website constitutes your acceptance of any amendments to and the most recent versions of this Privacy Policy.
11. Questions or Comments
If you have any questions or comments concerning our Privacy Policy please let us know by emailing info@sisfirst.com.
PRINTING INSTRUCTIONS
For a copy of this document, use the print command on your web browser.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: July 3, 2017
© 2020 Surgical Information Systems All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
GENERAL INQUIRIES
Toll-free: 800-930-0895
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
Surgical Information Systems100 North Point Center East, Suite 125Alpharetta, GA 30022
Sales/Marketing Inquiries:
Telephone: 800-866-0656 Email:
sales@sisfirst.com
PRODUCT SUPPORT
ASC SupportCloud Solutions: 800-930-0895SurgiSource Support:
800-447-0104AdvantX Support:
800-562-7069Vision Support: 800-246-0875Amkai Support: 866-265-2434
Hospital SupportSIS Hospital Support: 800-944-3896
LINKS
Hospitals
ASCs
Partners
Resources
Careers
Working with SIS
About
Client Stories