https://www.bandai.com/privacy-policy/
fab
fab
fab
fab
Brands
Premium Bandai
Support
Foundation
Bandai Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Effective as of: February 13, 2020
Bandai America Incorporated (“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) understands that privacy is important to our users. This Privacy Policy below discloses our practices regarding information collection and usage solely for www.bandai.com (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other websites, apps or services provided by us or our affiliates, unless it appears on such website, app or service.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use the Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions, you can always contact us using the information in the section below titled CONTACT US.
We take children’s privacy protection very seriously and recognize the need to provide additional protections for children who visit and/or use our Website. Please see our Bandai Children’s Online Privacy Policy here.
Information We Collect: Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, and is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). Please see the table below to understand the categories of personal information we have collected from consumers on the Website within the last twelve (12) months. Please note even if listed in the table below, if we do not maintain information in a manner that cannot be reasonably linked to you, it is not treated as personal information.
Category
Examples
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, medical information, health insurance information or other similar personal information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California law such as age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
D. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
E. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
F. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
How We Collect Personal Information: Company obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete for customer support, surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other promotions.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website, from cookies and similar technologies used on our Website, and social media services, like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
Use of Personal Information: We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To personalize the content, offers, advertising and experiences you receive.
To administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, surveys, and questionnaires you respond to.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
Perform identity verification, accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations and record-keeping.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
Company will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Please note that if you specifically consent to additional uses of your personal information, we may use your personal information in a manner consistent with that consent.
Sharing of Personal Information: Company may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Affiliated entities and joint business partners.
Third party sponsors of contests, sweepstakes, or other similar promotions.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose: In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category E: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category F: Professional or employment-related information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Affiliated entities and joint business partners.
Third party sponsors of contests, sweepstakes, or other similar promotions.
Sales of Personal Information: In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not sold personal information.
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies – We or our third party partners may store some information on your device or device hard drive as a “cookie” or similar type of file (such as clear gifs, web beacons, pixels, tags, and similar technologies) to collect data related to usage of the Website and for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with the Website. Such data may include, without limitation, the address of the websites you visited before and after you visited the Website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, what pages in the Website you visit and what links you clicked on, and geolocation data. We use this information to help us maintain and enhance the efficiency and usefulness of the Website and may use it and other information about your Internet or other similar network activity for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Some of the information we collect may include data, such as IP address data or the identifiers associated with your device, that are unique to your computer or device (e.g., IDFA for iOS and Android ID for Android).
Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve personal information from your device without your knowledge. Please be advised that certain third parties that are beyond the scope of this Privacy Policy, such as advertisers, may collect information in connection with the Website. We are not responsible for the acts or omissions of such third parties.
If you want to stop or restrict the placement of cookies or flush any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to and adjust your web browser preferences. Further information on cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our Website or some of its functionality may be affected.
Clickstream Data – As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data,” can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of device and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Website. We may collect and use clickstream data to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on websites, how visitors navigate throughout websites and how we may tailor our Website to better meet consumer needs. This information will be used to improve our Website.
Interest Based Advertising and Cross Device Matching – We believe that advertising is more effective and relevant when it is targeted to your interests and behaviors. Therefore, we may work with third parties who collect information on our Website and elsewhere through the use of cookies and similar methods in order to serve you with relevant advertisements on other services or to determine that you have seen our advertisements on other services. For example, if you view information on our Website regarding a particular product, we may target advertising to you on other websites and services (such as unaffiliated websites and social media services) about the same or other related products. This method of advertising is sometimes called “interest-based advertising.
You do have the ability to control certain advertising practices. We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You can learn more about interest-based advertising and opt-out of targeted advertising from certain providers with whom we work by visiting the DAA’s consumer choice page. The opt-out process through the DAA relies upon the placement of an opt-out cookie on your device. In addition, a customer may also opt out of the use of cookies by third-party advertising vendors by accessing the opt-out page of Network Advertising Initiative. For targeted advertisements delivered through mobile apps, you can install the DAA’s AppChoices app on your device to opt-out of targeted advertising by certain providers and can also select a system level advertising preference feature on your device (such as “Limit Ad Tracking” on Apple devices or “Opt-out of Interest-based ads” on Android devices).
Please note that by opting out, you will continue to see generic advertising that is not tailored to your specific interests and activities. To be clear, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted out on your device browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device.
We do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Your Rights, Choices and Opt Out: We offer you specific rights regarding your personal information. This section describes your rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Marketing Emails
If you no longer want to receive our e-mails, offers, updates on our products and services, or other communications, please send a request to the following email address: privacy@www.bandai.com or follow the “unsubscribe” instructions at the bottom of each email or communication. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including certain messages relating to your use of the Website.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights:
You have the right to request that Company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will, subject to any exceptions provided by law, disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Company delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies or we are otherwise required or permitted by law.
For example, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us using the contact information below.
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination: Under California Law, we will not discriminate against California residents for exercising any of their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Third Party Links: As a convenience to you, we may provide links to third party websites, apps or services from within the Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third party sites, and by providing a link we are not endorsing or promoting such third party sites. When you link away from our Website, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to read the policies and terms of every website, app or service you visit.
Social Networking Services: The Website may integrate with social networking services. You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Website, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third party services to operate properly and fairly.
You should be aware that personal information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or otherwise online may be viewed and used by others. We are unable to control such uses of your personal information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.
Data Security: We maintain reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide to us. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure due to the inherent open nature of the Internet. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account or inquiry is active or as needed to provide you with the Website and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or deidentified data previously collected and/or aggregate or deidentify your personal information.
Information Relating to Children: We take children’s privacy protection very seriously. Please see our Bandai Children’s Online Privacy Policy here.
California Shine-the-Light: Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, email address and mailing address, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us by email at privacy@www.bandai.com. If you do not want your personal information shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt out of such disclosures by sending an email to us at privacy@www.bandai.com.
Privacy Policy Updates: We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that materially differs from this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here and email you, or otherwise notify you in a manner that complies with law. We encourage you to periodically review the Website for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Location: Our Website is maintained in the United States of America. By using the Website, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personal information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Privacy Policy. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.
Contact Us: For questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy or your information, or to exercise your access, data portability, and deletion rights, you can contact us through one of the below ways:
Emailing us at privacy@www.bandai.com or
Contacting us at (888) 958-5088
Brands
Support
About
News
Careers
Foundation
Bandai.com © 2020 Bandai America Incorporated.
Privacy Policy
Children’s Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Employee Notice for Personal Information