http://www.ytc.co.kr/websiteprivacy/
Skip to content
Website Privacy and Cookie Policy
Website Privacy and Cookie Policyytcltd2019-01-03T10:25:24+00:00
Website Privacy and Cookie Policy1. Introduction
This Website Privacy and Cookie Policy explains how we use the personal information we collect about you (if any), via our website www.ytc.co.kr (the “Website”). This Policy was last updated on 27 June 2018. We may amend this Policy from time to time.
This Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal information relating to children.
2. Who we are
We are Rotork YTC Limited, a company registered in the republic of whose registered office is at 81 Hwanggeum-ro, 89 Beon-gil, Yangchon-eup, Gimpo-si, Gyeonggi-do, 10048, Republic of Korea.
Rotork YTC Limited is a member of a group of companies with various trading divisions including Rotork Controls; Rotork Fluid Systems; Rotork Gears; and Rotork Instruments (the “Rotork Group”). If you would like a complete, up-to-date list of Rotork Group companies that may process your personal information please contact us using the contact details listed in section 3.
3. How to contact us
If you have any privacy-related questions, please contact us by any of the following means:
e-mail us at data.protection@rotork.com; or
write to us at Rotork House, Brassmill Lane, Bath BA1 3JQ, United Kingdom.
4. The personal information we collect about you
We collect personal information which you provide to us when you access and browse our Website (including when you submit personal information through data entry fields on the Website) and when you obtain products or services, or otherwise interact with us. For example, we may collect the following information from you:
your company; and
your email.
5. The personal information we collect using cookies
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. We do not use any cookies on our Website.
6. How we use your information
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
to provide you with services that you request;
where you have given us your consent, we may disclose your personal information to our partners so that they may contact you (including by SMS and e-mail) with products and services which they think may interest you;
where you have given us your consent, we may send you information about our business, our publications or other products and services which we think you may be interested in. If we contact you, we will give you the option to opt out of receiving further similar communications if you wish;
to process requests, queries, questions, or complaints you may have, and to provide customer service. For example, requests to use images in our image library, queries about our products, or requests for quotes;
to notify you about important changes to our Website, including this Policy;
to enforce, or apply this Policy, as well as our other policies, agreements or terms and conditions. Copies of our terms and conditions may be found here: http://www.rotork.com/en/about-us/index/termsandconditions;
to investigate and protect our users or customers from fraudulent, abusive or inappropriate, use of the Website or other unlawful activity; and/or
for other purposes which are explained to you at the time we collect your personal information.
We will not sell or rent your personal information to any third party unless you have consented to this. If you do consent but later change your mind, you may contact us by emailing newsletter@rotork-news.com and we will cease any such activity.
7. With whom do we share your personal information?
We may share your personal information with the following parties:
With whom do we share your personal information?
Why do we share it?
Third parties requiring information for legal reasons
We may share your personal information with others if the law requires us to, or if we think it is necessary to comply with the law. We may also share your personal information if we need to do so to protect or defend our legal rights, or those of others.
Third party investigators, authorities or law enforcement bodies
We may share your personal information to investigate suspected unlawful activity.
Members of the Rotork Group
We may share your personal information with members of the Rotork Group where required for business operational reasons, or so that they can send you information about products and services you may be interested in.
8. What is our legal basis for using your personal information?
If you are obtaining our products or services from within the European Economic Area (“EEA”), then we are required to ensure that we only process your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so. When we process your personal information we will only do so where at least one of the following applies:
we need to use your personal information to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you;
if it is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information. For example, it is in our legitimate interests to use your personal information to improve our Website, to tell you about changes to this Policy, to tell you about new services or products we are offering, and for business reasons (for example to develop our business or if we are thinking of selling our business); or
sometimes we may ask for your consent to use certain types of personal information (e.g. by asking you to tick an online box). In these circumstances, your consent will be our legal basis for processing your personal information. If you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time. You may do this by “opting out” where we give you the opportunity to do so, or by contacting via email at newsletter@rotork-news.com. If you have registered a query or request for quote with us (your ‘request’), we will normally only keep your personal information for as long as we are considering and dealing with you in relation to your request. When your request has been actioned and closed, we will normally delete your personal information. Sometimes, however, we may keep your personal information after your request has been closed. For example:
9. How long do we keep your personal information?
we may retain personal information about how you have used our Website for as long as we think it may be useful to us in order to improve the Website and develop our business. This may include for example, information about how you have used our Website;
we may also retain your personal information so that we can send you information about products, services and publications we think you may be interested in. You can “unsubscribe” to receiving such messages or tell us you are no longer interested;
we may retain your personal information in order to protect our legal rights, or those of third party, or to comply with the law; or
if you purchase products or services from us, we may retain your personal information for as long as we need to in order to provide you with after sales customers service, or for as long as we need to for compliance purposes in order to comply with our record keeping requirements.We may transfer your personal information outside the EEAIf we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we will only do so where one of the following applies:
10.We may transfer your personal information outside the EEA
We may transfer personal information that we collect from you to third party data processors or other members of the Rotork Group located in countries that are outside of the EEA in connection with the above purposes.
If we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we will only do so where one of the following applies:
there is an adequacy decision by the European Commission which means that the recipient country is deemed to provide adequate protection for such personal data;
where the transfer of personal information is to a member of the Rotork Group, and we have in place binding corporate rules with such member which safeguard the personal information;where we have in place standard model contractual clauses with the recipient which have been approved by the European Commission. These model contractual clauses include certain safeguards to protect the personal information;
in the case of transfers of personal information to the US, if the recipient has signed up to the US Privacy Shield Framework; or
if such transfer is needed to enable us to perform our contractual obligations to you relating to products or services we have agreed to provide to you. We will only do this where such transfers are occasional and necessary.
11. Security
We take data privacy seriously and we only use your personal information where we have a lawful basis for doing so, and only to the extent that we need to use it. Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal information, no transmission over the internet can ever be guaranteed secure. You should always think carefully before providing or sharing information which you wish to keep private or confidential.
12. What choices and rights do you have regarding the use of your personal information?
You may “opt out” of receiving marketing or promotional messages from us by following the instructions in those messages. You may also opt out of such marketing by getting in touch by emailing us on newsletter@rotork-news.com. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your account or our on-going business relations.
If you are based in the EEA or United Kingdom and accessing our Website, you also have the following rights:
to have access to any personal information we hold about you;
to ask us not to use your personal information for direct-marketing purposes;
to restrict the way that we process your personal information;
to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services; and
to have a copy of any personal information which we hold about you.
If you need help or wish to exercise any of the above rights or have questions about them, please contact us using the details in section 3.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response as soon as we can. Please note, however, that personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may include circumstances where we need to keep processing your personal information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity. If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us via the contact details set out in section 3.
13. Third party sites
This Website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that we cannot be responsible for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use through their websites. You should always read the policy of each website you visit carefully.
14. Complaints and queries
If you have any complaints, queries or questions about your personal information and our Website, you may contact us using the contact details set out in section 3. We will then get in touch with you to see how we can help.
If you have a complaint relating to personal information, we would always prefer you to contact us first. However, you may also make a complaint to the relevant data privacy regulator if you wish to do so. Please let us know if you are unsure about how to get in touch with the data privacy regulator.
Introduction
History
Website Privacy and Cookie Policy
Certification
Customers around the World
Location
New Release - Smart Positioner YT-3700
Smart Positioner YT-3700 is now available to order.
YT-3700 features high performances, durability and various diagnostic functions
Please find details in the link below
YT-3700 Manual
CLOSE
Welcome to Rotork YTC, formerly Young Tech
Effective 2 January, 2019,
the company name will be changed as below,
Current: Young Tech co., Ltd
New : Rotork YTC Limited
Rotork YTC will provide better services and products to go beyond customers expectations in the coming year.
CLOSE