https://www.e-tech.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Fastener Machines
Valve Machines
Bespoke Machines
Robotic Automation
Home   _   Privacy Policy Privacy Policy
This website, https://e-tech.co.uk/ (the “Website”), is operated by Earlson Technology.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that are stored in your internet
browser that allow websites to recognise you. They can be used to collect,
store and share information about your activities across websites.
Cookies might be used for the following purposes:
To enable certain functionsTo provide analyticsTo store your preferences
What sort of cookies does this website use?
Essential cookies
These cookies are required for the correct operation of our
website. For example, these cookies can be used to identify users so they can
access areas that require them to be signed in.
Performance Cookies
We may use cookies to analyse and monitor how you interact
with the website. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on
the site and the pages that you visit. This allows us to validate that the
website is providing a high-quality experience and allows us to identify and
fix issues.
More Information
It is possible to opt-out of cookies. Please note that
disabling certain cookies may impact the functionality of the website, and some
pages may not display properly.
For more information and how to disable cookies, please
visit: https://www.aboutcookies.org/
Got an enquiry?
Fill in our form and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
Enquire
Give us a call
on +44 (0) 24 7671 7023 and speak to our friendly support team.
Contact us
Support & spares
We will give you all of the assistance you need with maintenance, support and spares.
Get help
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Settings