http://www.autobag.com/privacy-policy
The total systems approach to packaging.
1-330-342-2000
1-330-342-2000
Contact Us
Select A Region
Search for:
Sustainability
Careers
About
Multimedia & Tools
News & Events
Blog
Markets Served
Baggers
Markets Served
Solutions Finder
Autobag PaceSetter HB Series – Low Volume Tabletop
Autobag PS 125 Tabletop & PS 125 OneStep Tabletop with Integrated Printer
Autobag 500 – Ultra Versatile, High Speed
Autobag 550 – Ultra Versatile, Integrated Printer
Autobag 600 Wide – Large Bag Packaging
Autobag 650 Wide – Large Bag Order Fulfillment / Short Run
Autobag 600 Horizontal Wide Bagging System (NEW)
Autobag 650 Horizontal Wide Bagging System (NEW)
Autobag 800S Wide Bagging System
– Large Bag Packaging
Autobag 850S – Extra Large Bag, Mail Order Fulfillment
SidePouch SPrint Industrial - Specialty Closures, High Speed
SidePouch FAS SPrint Revolution – Food Grade Bag and Pouch System
SidePouch Autofulfillment SPrint – High Speed, Mail Order Fulfillment
SidePouch ScriptPack SPrint – Pharmacy Fulfillment
Autobag Ergocon Textile Packaging System
Custom Engineering & Integrated Systems
Certified Rebuilt Equipment
Bag & Pouch Materials
Markets Served
Solutions Finder
Bag & Pouch Materials Overview
Film by Type
Stock Bags
Graphics, Art & Imaging
Infeeds
Autobag Accu-Count 200 - Vibratory Infeed Counter
Autobag Kit-Veyor - Kit Counting System
Autobag Maximizer - Controlled Motion Infeed Conveyor
Autobag Accu-Scale 220 – Weigh Count Scale, Hand Load
Take Away Conveyor - Continuous Motion
Printers
AutoLabel 500 Thermal Transfer Printer
AutoLabel 600 Wide Thermal Transfer Printer
AutoLabel Thermal Transfer Ribbon
AutoLabel Label Creation Software
Ecommerce Shipping Solutions
Ecommerce Solutions Overview
Inline Automated Solutions
StealthWrap - Ultra-Durable Cartoning Solution
FloWrap Automated Mailer System
PriorityPak Automated Mailer System
Work Cell Solutions
Autobag PaceSetter PS 125 Tabletop Baggers
Autobag 550 Bagging System
Autobag 650 Wide Bagging System
Autobag 650 Horizontal Wide Bagging System
Autobag 850S Mail Order Fulfillment System
Autofulfillment SPrint Bagger
Script Pack SPrint Machine
Protective Packaging
Protective Packaging Overview
Wrapping Solutions
Block and Brace Solutions
Void-Fill Solutions
Delivery Systems & Accessories
Service & Support
Customer Service
Technical Phone Support
Field Service
Factory Service
Spare Parts Look Up
Machine Applications
Graphics, Art & Imaging
Customer Training
Sustainability
Careers
About
Multimedia & Tools
News & Events
Blog
Markets Served
Contact Us
Select A Region
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Automated Packaging Systems, Inc. (“Automated Packaging Systems,” “we” or “us”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website located at www.autobag.com and our other websites, including our websites located at other top-level domains or resolving to or linking to or from www.autobag.com (our “Websites”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
We have designed our Websites with parents and children in mind.  We appreciate and respect our visitors' concerns for their safety when personal information is shared with us.  We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that is submitted to us.  While we take reasonable measures to safeguard the confidential information that you provide, Automated Packaging Systems has no liability for the disclosure of any information that is obtained due to transmission errors or for the disclosure of any information obtained by any unauthorized acts by third parties.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On our Websites; or
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and our Websites.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries).
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you may choose not to use our Websites. By accessing or using our Websites, you agree and consent to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see the section below entitled Changes to our Privacy and Cookie Policy). Any changes or updates to the privacy policy are effective immediately upon posting to the Websites and your continued use of the Websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
If you wish to browse the Websites, you may generally do so anonymously.  There is no need to provide any personal information while browsing our Websites.  If you choose to contact us requesting assistance with products, product information or general questions, we ask for your personal information on our forms, including but not limited to our Contact Us/Request Information, Service Request and E-newsletter Sign Up forms and other inquiry forms.  This information helps us process your inquiry and provide the best service possible.
Children Under the Age of 13
We adhere to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) on our Websites as well as offline.  A child’s privacy is important to us.  No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on our Websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on the Websites or on or through any of the features on the Websites or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use.  If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.  Providing any personal information regarding a child, including the child’s name and age is strictly at the parent’s discretion.  At any time a parent can request to review their personal information and their child's personal information that they have submitted to us.  A parent may also ask to have it deleted by sending a request to info@sealedair.com.
If a visitor to the Websites is under the age of 18, they should read the privacy policy with their parents for guidance.
ARTICLE I
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other information the Websites collect that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under an applicable law (“personal information”); and or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us; and/or
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information
Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect on or through our Websites may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites, which includes, but is not limited to, information (e.g., First Name, Last Name, Address, Phone Number) provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, or requesting services by filling in our Contact Us/Request Information, E-Newsletter Sign-Up, Technical Phone Support Request or Customer Service Request forms or by some other mechanism;
Information collected when you report a problem with our Websites;
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us; and/or
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we (or a third party designated by us) may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Websites, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, the page(s) you request, the domain name of the website from which you may link to the Websites, your computer operating system and browser type.
The information we (or a third party designated by us) collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information.  It is stored and used for aggregate research, promotional purposes and for future site development to better understand your needs and improve our products and services, to improve our Websites and to deliver better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns and analyze certain trends and statistics related to user sessions;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Websites according to your individual interests;
Speed up your searches;
Recognize you when you return to our Websites.
The technologies we (or a third party designated by us) use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, estimate our audience size, and/or analyze your visiting patterns  You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Websites and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Automated Packaging Systems, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information:
We process personal information for certain legitimate business purposes and we may use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
When you submit your personal information to us unless you specify otherwise, you are entered into our consumer database.  You may then be added to our list to receive e-mails regarding our special promotional offers and new product introductions periodically.  We will not send you junk mailings or mail that contains pop ups, only information about our products and specials that are being offered;
To present our Websites and their contents to you;
To provide you with information that you request from us;
To fulfill orders for services that you may place through the Websites or for any other purpose for which you provide it;
To notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
So that we can perform the contract we are about to or have entered into with you;
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests;
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation;
For vital interest;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; or
For any other purpose with your consent.
When you submit your personal information to us, unless you specify otherwise, you are entered into our consumer database.  You may then be added to our list to receive communiques regarding promotional offers, new product introductions, industry updates and other news and events you may find interesting. We will not send you junk mailings or any communication unrelated to our business.
We make sure to consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests and do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to do so by law). Note that we may process your personal information for more than one lawful ground depending upon the specific purpose for which we are using the data. We will retain your personal data for only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for.
For more information, see the section titled Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information below
Disclosure of Your Information.
We may disclose aggregated, non-personal information about our users without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Automated Packaging Systems USA, Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Automated Packaging Systems USA, Inc. about our Websites users is among the assets transferred;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; or
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use (located at www.autobag.com/terms-of-use) and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; or
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Automated Packaging Systems USA, Inc., our customers or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.  You have rights to access, rectify, erase, restrict, object or be informed as to the use of your personal data. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Communications from Automated Packaging Systems.  If you wish to opt-out of receiving any future communication from us, including e-mail, post/mail, SMS/text or phone call; and would like to be removed from our database, please send your request to info@sealedair.com. Please include your full contact information including name, company name, complete address, phone number and email. You may also unsubscribe from marketing email by clicking the link at the bottom of the email at any time. This opt out does not apply to information provided to Automated Packaging Systems as a result of a product service experience or other transactions.
Data Security.
Automated Packaging Systems must collect certain information in order to operate the Websites and to fulfill your requests or enable participation in certain online activities. We have implemented reasonable security measure designed to secure the personal information under our control from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. We use industry-standard practices, such as encrypted storage and password protection systems, to safeguard the confidentiality of information.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Websites. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites.
Changes to Our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
This policy may change from time to time.  It is our practice to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page.  Any changes or updates to the privacy policy are effective immediately upon posting to the Websites and your continued use of the Websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of this page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Websites and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information.
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: info@sealedair.com.
Last modified: 5/23/2018
© 2020 Automated Packaging Systems, LLC
10175 Philipp Parkway Streetsboro, OH 44241
Ph: 1-330-342-2000 Fx: 1-330-342-2400
ip:72.182.10.230
Home Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of UseU.S. Patents