https://www.rotechmachines.com/privacy-policy
Feeding Systems
RF Lite
RF1 Feeder
RF Compliance
RF Pouch
RF Case Feeder
Feeder Accessories
Custom Systems
Industrial Printers & Labellers
Thermal Inkjet Printer
Thermal Transfer Printer
Hot foil
Laser Printer
RL Reel to Reel
Large Area Printers
Sectors
Food
Pharma
Cosmetics
Industrial
Medical
Other
Application Types
Sleeve, Carton & Bag Labelling
Anti-Counterfeit UV Printing
Cartons
Bags and Pouches
Blister Cards
Extrusions
Outer Cases and Boxes
Sleeves
Information
About Us
Testimonials
Work With Us
Apprenticeships
Cost of Ownership
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Consumables
Thermal Transfer Ribbon
Thermal Transfer Printheads
Ink Cartridges
Hot Foil Tape
Embossing Type
Thermal Labels
Spare Parts & Accessories
Media Centre
Latest News
Blog
Press Releases
Events
Downloads
Gallery
Videos
Service & Support
Remote Video Services
Rental Service
Consultancy
Custom Systems
Installation
Customer Support
Top Marks Service
Privacy Policy
Rotech Machines Ltd - Privacy Policy
We are a leading UK coding and marking solutions provider to the packaging industry.  Our registered name is Rotech Machines Ltd, Company Registration Number: 03332320. Our address 1 Brownfields Court, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, AL7 1AJ.
Our Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy relates to our website www.rotechmachines.com.  In particular the policy covers how we manage the data which you may submit via our website.
What information do we collect?
When you submit your details on our website, we collect your name, company name and email address via our online form, along with any additional information such as your address or job title, if supplied by you.
We will also record further communications such as correspondence emails or letters sent to us by you.
If you subscribe to our newsletter via our website, we will record your email address.
When we send you a marketing email we will know when you have clicked on an article heading that will take you to a page on our website.
How we will use your information
We will only use the information held about you for the reasons it was provided to us for, e.g. subscribing to a newsletter.
With regards to specific enquiries sent direct to any email address within Rotech Machines Ltd, e.g. name@rotechmachines.com, will retain your email address as a route to communicating with you until such time as you ask us to cease communicating with you.
Your email address will also be used to send you information about our products and services.
Secure storage of information
Our website is protected by a security measure that will not allow any information to be accessed outside of Rotech Machines Ltd.
Your personal data is held on our secure in-house system.
All systems are regularly reviewed.
At your request, we will remove any personal data from all of our systems and confirm the removal with you as a final communication.
Data sharing
We will never share your personal data with any third party or associated organisation.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to enable us to better understand the usage of our website so that we can adapt it for enhanced user experience.  This does not reveal any information as to your organisation or personal data.
Your rights
Under the current data protection regulations, you have a right to:
Know that we collect personal data, as outlined above.
Access your personal data on valid proof of identity.
Ask us to remove your personal data at any time.
Ask us to remove your personal data from mailing lists, but not necessarily all communications.
Ask us to amend your personal data.
Suppliers and third-party business partners
We will store personal data in relation to all business suppliers for the sole use of communicating with you with regards to business matters.  Should any business relationship discontinue, you have the right to ask us to remove your data once all business matters are concluded.
Show More