http://www.brokerhunter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
-->
Home
Find a job
Job alerts
Search employers
News & Advice
Events
Events
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Youtube
Youtube
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Revised January 5, 2019
The BROKERHUNTER web site is operated by BROKERHUNTER.com LLC. Our offices are located at 8000 Avalon Blvd. Suite 100, Alpharetta, GA 30009, USA. Telephone: 888-955-6795.
Candidates
First of all, you have our assurance that your Profile information, including email address and your ID information will never be sold, given or released in any way to any organization or individual without your permission.
As a Job Candidate, when you register for the Site, you will be asked to provide BROKERHUNTER (the company) with certain information including your name and a valid email address. The Company will not intentionally disclose to any third party your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or billing information without your prior consent, except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws or where relevant in legal proceedings.
By registering on the Site you are agreeing to accept email correspondence through and from BROKERHUNTER.com, relating to employment opportunities, account information or issues and general employment information, including our weekly newsletter The BROKERHUNTER Bulletin and any periodic hiring alerts or special information or messages, including promotional content from employers and/or third parties as deemed appropriate by BROKERHUNTER.com. Candidates may opt-out of any emails sent by BROKERHUNTER by clicking on any UNSUBSCRIBE link in emails received from the company. We honor all requests that we receive, however please allow up to 15 days to process. Alternatively, the email recipient can send an Unsubscribe message to us at custserv@brokerhunter.com.
Certain Candidate Profile information will be posted for public viewing, which does not identify a candidates name or other personal information such as phone number/email/address/resume, and this information may be distributed from the site via electronic, email or FAX transmission, or may be otherwise communicated. The Company will not intentionally provide information not authorized by the user, such as his/her name, but shall have no liability to you even if it does so. You understand and agree that the Company may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous basis, certain aggregate information contained in your profile and/or user registration information. The Company reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you.
See our Terms and Conditions Page for a full description of Privacy and other issues governing the use of our site.
Information That Is Automatically Collected
Log Files
We use log files to collect general data about the movement of visitors through our site. This may include some or all of the following information: the Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the machine that accessed our Web site, host name, domain name, browser version and platform, date and time of requests, and the files downloaded or viewed. We use this information to measure and analyze traffic and usage of BROKERHUNTER.
Cookies
We also use cookies to collect information and help personalize your online experience. Cookies are small files stored on your computer that we use to recognize you and your access privileges and preferences. We store minimal personally identifying information in cookies. We do not store complete records or credit card numbers in cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. Most browsers can be configured to prevent this, but you may not be able to access some parts of our site without cookies.
When visitors come to this site,third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on theirbrowsers for targeted advertising purposes.
On ads served by AdRoll for our advertisers, look for an AdChoices logo (the blue triangle) in the corner of the ad. Click the logo to learn more about interest-based advertising, who served the ad, and manage your ad options. You can also opt out of seeing personalized ads from AdRoll (and other companies) using the NAI opt out tool here. Please note you will still see ads even if you opt out, but they will not be personalized by AdRoll. For more information please see our privacy notice here.
How Is This Information Used?
Information that you provide to us will be used to process, fulfill, and deliver job-seekers and employers/recruiters requests for services. We may send you information about our products and services, unless you have indicated you do not wish to receive further information.
Information that is automatically collected is used to monitor usage patterns of BROKERHUNTER in order to help us improve the site and its service offerings; however, we do not match this to your personally identifiable information.
We take active steps to ensure your privacy. We do not release, sell, or rent individual information about your use of our site. We may report general activity trends about our website to third parties, which may include advertisers.
Resumes and cover letters stored on our site are not shared or forwarded, except at the option of the job-seeker.
Job seekers are not required to create a profile in order to apply for an open position but are encouraged to do so. Contact information in the profiles is controlled by the jobseeker. You also have the option to hide your profile completely so that it is not available to prospective employers.
Advertisers
We contract with third-party advertisers and their agents that post banner and other advertisements on our site that may link to other Web sites not under our control. These third-party advertisers may use cookie technology or similar means to measure the effectiveness of their ads or may otherwise collect personally identifiable information from you when you leave our site. We are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials offered from such advertisers and their agents. Transactions that occur between you and the third-party advertisers are strictly between you and the third party and are not our responsibility. You should review the privacy policy of any third-party advertiser and its agent, as their policies may differ from ours.
What Security Measures Are Used?
When you submit personal information via BROKERHUNTER, your information is protected both online and off-line with what we believe to be appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use the latest Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology, which encrypts your credit card and personal information.
How to Stop receiving information from us.
You can choose at any time to stop receiving information from us about jobs, content or services:
Send an email with your email address in the body of the message to custserv@brokerhunter.com with unsubscribe
.
-->