https://www.workbook.com/legal
Toggle navigation
SEARCH PORTFOLIOS
All Portfolios
Search Photographers
Search Illustrators
Search Production Services
Search Directors
Search Animators
Search CGI Companies
Search Artist Reps
Produce in Place Portfolios
THE BOOK
Browse the Workbook
Artist Index
Get the Workbook
DIRECTORY
Search the Directory
Category List
Update a Listing
Get Listed
COMMUNITY
Blog "Workbook Weekly"
Podcasts
Webinars
Events
Submission Guidelines
ABOUT
About Workbook
Our Products
Case Studies
Partners
LOGIN
JOIN
Legal Notices
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to the workbook.com website, the advertising professionals' online resource of advertising, design, corporate art departments, photographers, illustrators and industry support services.
These terms and conditions of use constitute a legal agreement between you and Workbook, LLC ("we" or "our").
Please read this agreement ("agreement") in its entirety before you continue to use this website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove all or part of the Terms of Use at any time.
Warning to Parents
This site is designed for advertising professionals and may contain visual content that is not appropriate for young children. You must be eighteen years old or older to use this site.
Ownership of the Website
This website is owned and operated by Workbook, LLC. All of the content featured or displayed on this website, including, but not limited to, artists, representatives, advertising agencies, design studios, corporate art departments and support service listings, text, graphics, photographs, images, illustrations and software ("Content"), is owned by Workbook, LLC, and/or its advertisers.
Trademarks
"workbook.com", "Workbook Directory", "Workbook Portfolio" and the workbook.com logo are trademarks of Workbook, LLC. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Listing Products and Subscription
Workbook.com offers access to its Directory of listings of creative professionals in photography, illustration, advertising, design and related support services such as photo labs, retouchers and stylists. The Basic Service is free and permits you to view the general contact listing but you are prohibited from downloading the listing information. You may purchase listings for a one time download or you may upgrade to a premium subscription service, if you purchase either the Workbook Standard or Workbook Pro premium subscription and enter into a Purchase Agreement with Workbook.
Workbook Standard subscription permits you to view an expanded set of information regarding the listings and offers direct contact information for creative personnel at advertising agencies, design firms, interactive/multimedia design firms, magazine and book publishers, and in-house corporate art departments.
Workbook Pro subscription offers further detail to the expanded information of the Workbook Standard subscription including titles and email if available, and the contact's respective buying habits. All information accessible with the Workbook Pro subscription may be downloaded.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Warranties
This website and its content is provided "as is" and Workbook LLC excludes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law any warranty, express or implied, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability, satisfactory quality or fitness for a particular purpose. Workbook LLC will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages. The functions embodied on, or in the materials of, this website are not warranted to be uninterrupted or without error. You, not Workbook LLC, assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction due to your use of this website. Except as specifically stated in these terms and conditions of use or elsewhere on this website, or as otherwise required by applicable law, neither Workbook LLC nor its officers, members, directors, employees, or contractors will be liable for damages of any kind (including, without limitation, lost profits, direct, indirect, compensatory, consequential, exemplary, special, incidental, or punitive damages) arising out of your use of, your inability to use, or the performance of this website or the content on this website whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Some US states and foreign countries do not permit the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or liability for certain categories of damages. Therefore, some or all of the limitations above may not apply to you to the extent they are prohibited or superseded by state or national provisions.
Workbook LLC uses reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy, correctness and reliability of the Content, but we make no representations or warranties as to the Content's accuracy, correctness or reliability.
Third Party Links
There may be links to other websites from the workbook.com website; however, these other websites are not controlled by Workbook LLC and we are not responsible for any Content contained on any such website or any loss suffered by you in relation to your use of such websites. You waive any and all claims against Workbook LLC regarding the inclusion of links to outside websites or your use of those websites.
Indemnification
You shall indemnify Workbook LLC, its subsidiaries, officers, directors against any losses, expenses, costs or damages incurred by any or all of them as a result of your breach of the terms of this Agreement or your unauthorized use of the Content or its services.
Governing Law and Venue
This Agreement shall be interpreted, construed and governed by the laws of the State of California, USA. Venue for all disputes arising under this Agreement shall lie exclusively in the Superior Courts of the State of California, Los Angeles County or the Federal District Courts in that district (as permitted by law) and each party agrees not to contest the personal jurisdiction of these courts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, Workbook LLC shall have the right to commence and prosecute any legal or equitable action or proceeding before any non-US court of competent jurisdiction to obtain injunctive or other relief in the event that, in the opinion of workbook.com, such action is necessary or desirable.
No Waiver, Severability
Workbook.com offers access to its database of listings of creative professionals in photography, illustration, advertising, design and related support services such as photo labs, retouchers and stylists. The Basic Service is free and permits you to view the general contact listing but you are prohibited from downloading the listing information. You may purchase listings for a one time download or you may upgrade to a premium subscription service, if you purchase either the Workbook Standard or Workbook Pro premium subscription and enter into a Purchase Agreement with Workbook.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Workbook LLC
www.workbook.com
feedback@workbook.com
This document was last updated on May 25, 2018
Rev. 052018
If you’re a talented individual and would like to be a featured artist or photographer with Workbook, take the next step in your career and apply today.
JOIN WORKBOOK
Cancel
OK
Close