http://www.banquedeluxembourg.com/en/bank/bl/cookie-policy
Other countries/EN
Contact
My account online
Funds and documents
Country
Luxembourg Belgium Germany Europe Other countries
Language
Français English Deutsch Nederlands
Submit
Contact All along the COVID-19 health crisis, we have been taking precautions to guarantee the well-being of our visitors and our staff. We recommend to:
Contact your adviser by phone or by secure mail, or to make an appointment on our premises, Use our e-banking services or our mobile banking application available 24/7, to check your accounts, make payments, check fund performances and read the latest news from Banque de Luxembourg.
Our teams are available to answer all your questions. Do not hesitate to get in touch with them.
Luxembourg 14 Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg (+352) 49 924 1
Monday to Friday 8.30 am to 5 pm List of public holidays
Why become a client? Contact formOur branches Complaints or disputes
Contact We have taken all the necessary health and safety precautions in order to ensure continuous service. Where possible, please contact us by phone or via our secure digital channels. If you would like speak to your adviser, we recommend making an appointment in advance.
Brussels Chaussée de La Hulpe, 120 – 1000 Brussels +32 (0) 2 663 45 40 FLANDERS Kortrijksesteenweg 218 – 9830 Sint-Martens-Latem +32 (0) 9 244 00 40
Monday to Friday 8.30 am to 4.30 pm List of public holidays
Why become a client? Contact formOur branches Complaints or disputes
My account online
Beware of phishing attempts by email. Please note that a number of fraudulent e-mails are currently circulating, seeking to recover your personal and banking data. We remind you that Banque de Luxembourg and LuxTrust will never contact you directly via your personal email address, by SMS or by telephone asking you to log in to your secure site and/or to provide confidential information linked to your accounts and bank cards. Staying vigilant online
Select an authentication mode
My account online Select an authentication mode
LUXTRUST SCAN
LUXTRUST MOBILE
LUXTRUST SCAN
LUXTRUST MOBILE
Download the BL Mobile Banking app
Discover the advantages of E-Banking Help and technical support Internet security Registering your LuxTrust certificate
Cookies policy Banque de Luxembourg takes discretion and the privacy of visitors to its website very seriously and we do our utmost to safeguard your trust in us. With regard to cookies, it is therefore our policy to be meticulous in describing the process of harvesting information collected during visits to the website and to offer you the ability to set the use of cookies according to your wishes. What is a cookie? A cookie is a text file that can be placed on your device (computer, tablet or smartphone, etc.) when you view a website. The vast majority of websites use cookies. The use of cookies helps improve your browsing experience. Why does Banque de Luxembourg use cookies? When visitors access Banque de Luxembourg’s website, navigation data are temporarily stored in memory or recorded on their computer equipment. Some cookies are necessary for the operation of the site while others are intended to facilitate visitors’ navigation. There are several types of cookies: Essential cookies These cookies are necessary for technical reasons for a normal visit to the website. Given their necessity, these cookies are stored as soon as you access the website and they cannot be rejected. Essential cookies are deleted at the end of the session.
Name Expiry Content Use
Liferay End of session JSESSIONID These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, in order to manage the web user’s browsing sessions. These cookies indicate whether the web user is using the site and show how many web users are visiting the site at any one time.
Liferay End of session LFR_SESSION_STATE_10161 These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, to regularly identify the web user’s session.
Liferay End of session lst_slctd_cntr These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, to check whether the web user’s browser supports cookies.
Technical cookies These cookies, created directly by the tool that hosts the website, are essential to the proper functioning of the platform. They are used for remembering your language preference for the website and your country of residence.
Name Expiry Content Use
Liferay No expiry GUEST_LANGUAGE_ID These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, to save the default code language of visitors to our websites.
Liferay No expiry COOKIE_SUPPORT These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, to regularly identify the web user’s session.
Liferay 1 month ACCEPT_DISCLAIMER These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, to save the web user’s disclaimer acceptance so it will not be shown on their next visit.
Liferay 1 month ACCEPT_COOKIES_POLICY These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, to save the web user’s cookie banner acceptance so it will not be shown on their next visit.
Liferay 1 month NL_SUBSCRIPTION_HIDE These cookies are used by Liferay, our content management system, to save when the web user has opted not to show the newsletter subscription.
Analytical cookies These cookies collect your preferences regarding the use of the website (e.g. frequency and duration of visits or number and type of pages viewed) to offer you relevant content in the future. Analytical cookies are used anonymously and the information generated cannot be identified individually.
Name Expiry Content Use
Google Analytics 2 months _gcl_au These cookies are used by Google Analytics, our external web analysis tool, to analyse interactions between the web user and the website.
Google Analytics 2 years _ga These cookies are used by Google Analytics, our external web analysis tool, to calculate the number of visitors, sessions, campaign data and website use to create analytics reports. These cookies store data anonymously by generating unique digital identifiers for visitors.
Google Analytics 1 day _gid These cookies are used by Google Analytics, our external web analysis tool, to store data on how the web user uses the website. They allow analytics reports to be generated on the website’s use. The data gathered on the number of visitors, entry pages and pages visited are anonymous.
Matomo (formerly Piwik) 1 year _pk_id* These cookies are used by Matomo (formerly Piwik), our internal web analysis tool, to generate statistics on new or returning visitors to the website.
Matomo (formerly Piwik) 30 minutes _pk_ses* These cookies are used by Matomo (formerly Piwik), our internal web analysis tool, to temporarily store site visitation data.
More details on our privacy policy : https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html - https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/ Advertising cookies These cookies enable information relevant to your browsing habits and interests when surfing the Internet to be suggested to you. Deactivating them will not result in the elimination of adverts but they will be less relevant to you.
Name Expiry Content Use
DoubleClick 1 year IDE Used by Google, DoubleClick saves data on website usage and advertising before web users visit our website. These data make it possible to display relevant information based on their profile.
Bing Ads 1 year MUID These cookies, which are used by Microsoft as a unique identifier, are generated by embedded scripts. These cookies allow the unique identifier to be synced across the various Microsoft domains, thus enabling user tracking.
Facebook Ads 2 months _fbp These cookies, generated by Facebook, allow ads to be shown to users that use Facebook or any platform supported by Facebook advertising.
LinkedIn Ads 4 weeks UserMatchHistory These cookies, generated by LinkedIn, make it possible to track the web user so that relevant ads based on their preferences can be displayed.
LinkedIn Ads 1 day lidc These cookies, generated by LinkedIn, enable data to be routed.
LinkedIn Ads no expiry lang These cookies, generated by LinkedIn, allow the user’s language preferences to be stored so as to provide suitable content on their next visit.
AdForm 1 month uid These cookies, generated by AdForm, allow the number of visitors and their website behaviour to be measured. These data include the number of visits, the average length of a visit, the pages visited, etc. and make it possible to better understand users’ preferences and optimise advertising.
More details on our privacy policy : https://policies.google.com/privacy - https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement - https://www.facebook.com/policy.php - https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy - https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/ Sharing cookies These cookies come from third-party websites (Facebook, LinkedIn, Issuu, Addthis, etc.) and enable the content of our website to be shared on social networks. The sharing functions enable you to publish the content you have viewed on your profile and to your friends. The videos available on our apps and web pages are hosted on external platforms (Youtube, Vimeo, etc.), which apply their own privacy policy.
Name Expiry Content Use
AddThis 1 year __atuvc These cookies, generated by AddThis, inform the web user of the number of page shares, independently of the number calculated in the system cache.
AddThis 30 minutes __atuvs These cookies, generated by AddThis, inform the web user of the number of page shares, independently of the number calculated in the system cache.
AddThis 1 year uvc These cookies, generated by AddThis, allow the use of addthis.com to be monitored.
Facebook Ads 2 months fr These cookies, generated by Facebook, make it possible to customise the ads the web user sees and to analyse and optimise advertising. These cookies also make it possible to monitor the web user’s behaviour on websites that have Facebook pixel and Facebook social plugin.
LinkedIn Ads 2 years bcookie These cookies, generated by LinkedIn, allow LinkedIn functions to be activated on webpages.
LinkedIn Ads 2 years bscookie These cookies, generated by LinkedIn, are browser ID cookies for the LinkedIn Share buttons and ad tags.
LinkedIn Ads 1 year lissc These cookies, generated by LinkedIn, are used to monitor embedded services.
YouTube 30 minutes VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE These cookies, generated by YouTube, enable the monitoring of YouTube videos embedded in the website.
YouTube 5 months GPS These cookies, generated by YouTube, allow a unique ID to be created and web users to be tracked by geographic region.
YouTube End of session YSC These cookies, generated by YouTube, allow the number of views of videos embedded in the website to be tracked.
Vimeo 2 years vuid These cookies, generated by Vimeo, make it possible to gather tracking information. The unique ID generated means we can embed videos on the website.
Issuu 5 months iutk These cookies, generated by Issuu, make it possible to track the behaviour of web users that use Issuu products.
More details on our privacy policy : https://www.addthis.com/privacy/terms-of-service/ - https://www.facebook.com/policy.php - https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy - https://policies.google.com/privacy - https://vimeo.com/privacy - https://issuu.com/legal/privacy
How can I refuse the use of cookies? You can choose to accept or refuse to have cookies placed on your device (computer, tablet or smartphone, etc.) via your Internet browser’s settings, at any time. Depending on the type of browser, you have the following options: accept or reject cookies of any origin or from a given source, or elect to have a message displayed requesting agreement each time a cookie is placed. You can also delete previously saved cookies at any time. We invite you to consult your browser’s online help. Microsoft Edge https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027947/microsoft-edge-delete-cookies
Internet Explorer https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies Google Chrome https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en Firefox https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/disable-third-party-cookies Safari https://support.apple.com/en-euro/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac Partial or total refusal of statistical and/or technical cookies will limit the availability of the website’s content and functionalities. By continuing to view Banque de Luxembourg's website without any particular setting of your Internet browser, you authorise Banque de Luxembourg to place cookies of any kind. Pour plus d’informations sur la protection de vos données nous vous invitons à consulter la page internet Protection des données (Traitements de données à caractère personnel effectués par la Banque de Luxembourg via le site www.banquedeluxembourg.com)
contact Brussels Chaussée de La Hulpe, 120 1000 Brussels +32 (0) 2 663 45 40
MAP
Flanders Kortrijksesteenweg 218 9830 Sint-Martens-Latem +32 (0) 9 244 00 40
MAP
contact 14 Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg (+352) 49 924 1
MAP
Our other websites
Professional Banking Services BLI - Banque de Luxembourg Investments Conventum Asset Management
Follow us
Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedinLinkedin Youtube
Legal information Personal data protection Cookies policy © 2019 Banque de Luxembourg
Legal information Personal data protection Cookies policy © 2019 Banque de Luxembourg, Succursale de Belgique
By continuing to use our website, you consent to our use of cookies which help to improve your browsing experience and allow us to ensure that the information we share with you is always relevant to your needs. For more information on cookies, see our cookie policy.
Continue
Cookie policy