http://www.northshorebank.com/privacy.aspx
Skip to main content.
ATM, Branch, & Video Teller Locations
Customer Service
Site Search
Careers
Login
Personal
Business
Other
Enroll
Recover Username
Reset Password
Log In
Forgot Password Lost/Damaged Token
Account Management
Pay Your Loan
Credit Card Management
Reloadable Card Management
Debit Card Alerts
Dealer Information
Investments
Cetera
Transamerica
Personal
Deposit Services
Checking Accounts Open
Platinum Checking
Perks Checking
Free Checking
60+ Checking
Student Checking
Overdraft Protection/Privilege
Checking Account Interest Rates
Open Your Account
Savings Options Open
Savings Accounts
Money Market Accounts
Certificates of Deposit (CDs)
Savings Account Interest Rates
CD Rates
Open Your Account
Loans
Home Mortgage Loans Apply
First Time Home Buyer
Mortgage Refinance
New Home Purchase
New Home Construction
Free Mortgage Pre-approval
Mortgage Loan Officers
NMLS Directory
Current Mortgage Interest Rates
Apply
Personal & Home Equity Apply
Home Equity Line of Credit
Auto Loans
Boat & RV Loans
Personal Loans
Credit Cards
Loan Interest Rates
Apply
Convenient Services
Online Services Enroll
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Bill Pay
eStatements
Digital Wallets
Trends
Payment Cards
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Reloadable Cards
Travel Cards
Gift Cards
My Cash Back Rewards
Debit Card Alerts
Financial Tools & Support
Financial Tools
Calculators
Money Management Guides
ID Theft Prevention
Online Service Tutorials
Interest Rates
Business
Deposit Services
Business Checking Accounts
Basic Business Checking
Small Business Checking
Business Checking
Business Interest Checking
Community Checking
Commercial Business Checking
Business Savings Accounts
Business Money Market
Business Sweep Products
Loans & Leasing
Loan Options
Business Loans
Commercial and Multi-family Mortgages
Standby Letter of Credit
Leasing Options
Direct Leasing
Convenient Services
Business Online Services
Business Online Banking
Business Mobile Deposit
Business Bill Pay
Remote Deposit Capture (RDC)
Positive Pay
ACH & Wire Transfers
Cash Management
Business Registration Services
Payment Cards
Business Debit Cards
Business Credit Cards
Mastercard Easy Savings
Merchant Services & Financial Tools
Merchant Services
Credit & Debit Solutions
Converge & Converge Mobile
Secure Payment Solutions
Financial Tools
Business Calculators
ID Theft Awareness Tips for Businesses
Business Newsletter
Investments/Retirement
Investing & Retirements
Investment Resources
Retirement
Estate
Investment
Insurance
Money
Tax
Lifestyle
Certificates of Deposit (CD) Interest Rates
Cetera Login
Municipal Retirement Plan Services
Deferred Compensation 457(b) & HRA
Section 457 Investment Options
Common Forms
Healthcare Reimbursement Account
Transamerica Login
About Us
About North Shore Bank
The Bank of You
Our History
Our Customer Promises
Financial Statement
Stay Up-to-Date
News & Updates
Press Releases
Blog
Newsletter
Business Newsletter
Podcast
Community-minded
In Your Community
Community Calendar
Bank on Kindness
Branch & ATM Locations
Connecting With You
Social Media
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Instagram
ATM & Branch Locations
Careers
Customer Service
Site Search
Privacy Policy
10/30/20
View our Privacy Notice
Children's Privacy Policy Statement
Cookies/Online Services Privacy Statement
California Residents Privacy Statement
Our Commitment to You
Your trust is the cornerstone of our relationship. We understand that you have entrusted us with your private financial information and we do everything we can to maintain that trust. That is why we work diligently to safeguard your privacy and the information you provide us; whether in person, over the phone, or via the Internet.
Children's Privacy Policy Statement
Protecting children on the Internet is very important to us. We do not knowingly collect, use or maintain any information through our websites about children who are under the age of 13. The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects children under the age of 13 from the online collection of personal information.
Cookies/Online Services Privacy Statement
We may collect information about you and about your device when you visit our websites or use our online services. We may collect this information when you open an account, log-in and use online services, schedule an appointment, or contact us from our websites or through online services. We use this information to verify and authenticate you (for some services), protect against fraud and other security risks, communicate with you, and as otherwise permitted by law. In general, we and our third-party providers and advertisers use cookies and other technologies to optimize the functionality of our websites, to help us understand how our websites are used and to provide users with interest-based content or advertising based upon their browsing activities and interests.
We use commercially reasonable procedures and various technical, administrative and physical safeguards to help protect the confidentiality of your personal information. However, no data transmitted over the Internet or stored or maintained by us or our third-party service providers can be 100% secure given the reality of communication via technology systems. Therefore, although we believe the measures implemented by us are commercially reasonable and reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved, we do not promise or guarantee that your personal information or private communications sent to us over those systems will always remain private or secure. Personal identifying information, for example your account number or Taxpayer Identification Number, should only be shared in a secure manner. We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security features.
By using our websites and/or the online services, and providing us with personal information, you agree to the practices described above and in the Privacy Policy and to the updates to such terms and such policy posted here from time to time.
Notice to California Residents
North Shore Bank does not do business in California and is therefore not subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). However, the CCPA provides consumers with specific rights regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of their Personal Information. We will continue to closely monitor the developments under the CCPA and if, at any time, we believe we may be subject to the CCPA, we will updated our privacy policy accordingly. We will not share your personal information except as permitted by law. To ensure you stay informed of all changes, you should check this page and our privacy policies periodically.
Still have questions?
Contact us with additional questions: Email
|
877-672-2265