http://www.socma.org/privacy-policy/
SOCMA Website Privacy Policy
Home > SOCMA Website Privacy Policy
The Society of Chemical Manufacturers and Affiliates (“SOCMA”) respects the privacy of all individuals who visit our Web site. The following policy is intended to explain how SOCMA uses personal and other information obtained by or provided to SOCMA from Web site users and visitors. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, name, street, postal and e-mail addresses, billing information, click-through activity, and any other personal information provided.
As a general matter, each time a visitor or user enters the SOCMA Web site, SOCMA’s Web site hosting company’s server collects basic technical information, including the visitor’s domain name, e.g., aol.com; referral data, e.g., the last URL a user visited prior to entering SOCMA.com; and browser and platform type, e.g., Netscape browser or a Macintosh platform. SOCMA also tracks and aggregates visitor activity in an analysis of general traffic flow. This information may be aggregated into group data, which then may be shared on an aggregated basis with third parties but, unless otherwise provided for in this policy, SOCMA will not disclose individual identity or personal identifiable data without permission.
SOCMA collects the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with SOCMA via e-mail. SOCMA also tracks and retains in the aggregate this information, as well as information concerning Web site visitor traffic and any information provided by visitors in response to Web site surveys, Web site online registration forms, etc.
The information SOCMA collects is used to improve the content of the SOCMA Web site and SOCMA’s other member services. SOCMA may also use collected visitor information to notify members and other visitors about updates to the SOCMA Web site. Such information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with other third parties, but no personal details are traceable or associated with specific individuals.
SOCMA also collects member firm and individual e-mail addresses during the membership update process. These e-mail addresses are used to send internal and external electronic communications, and legislative and business alerts.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from SOCMA in the future or wish to correct or change any information, please contact SOCMA below via e-mail, telephone or mail. Please be sure to provide SOCMA in this communication with your exact e-mail and/or postal address.
CookiesSOCMA utilizes cookies on its Web site so that members and other visitors may permanently store their customer information on their own computer in the contact information fields of the customer profile page. These cookies will help ease the ordering process by eliminating the need for customers to fill in their contact information each time they order a product from SOCMA. Only the customer name, mailing address, and e-mail, phone, and fax contact information will be stored on the customer’s desktop. Customer billing information (credit card number, type of credit card, expiration date) will not be stored.  Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers accordingly; however, doing so may cause certain portions of SOCMA’s Web site not to function properly.
SOCMA Mailing Lists and Personal InformationSOCMA does not rent its mailing lists to third parties. SOCMA does not partner with or have special relationships with ad server companies. SOCMA will not otherwise use or disclose personal information without the visitor’s consent except (i.) as described in this privacy policy; (ii.) as required by law, subpoena, court order, or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority; (iii.) to third party’s that need to know Personal Information in order to process it on SOCMA’s behalf or to provide services to SOCMA; (iv.) when SOCMA believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of SOCMA, third parties, or the general public; or (v.) if SOCMA merges or is acquired, goes out of business or enters bankruptcy and Personal Information is transferred or acquired by a third party.
Change in Terms of Privacy PolicySOCMA reserves the right to alter its privacy policies at any time without prior notice. Any changes made to this policy will be posted on this page of SOCMA’s Web site. Please refer to the Web site periodically to familiarize yourself with any policy changes.  It is the User’s responsibility to periodically review these policies.  Your continued use of SOCMA’s Web site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
SecurityUpon reasonable written request, SOCMA will provide site visitors with a copy of all information SOCMA has collected specific to the requesting party. SOCMA uses industry-standard encryption technologies to transfer and receive certain data from the SOCMA Web site. When SOCMA transfers and receives certain personalized information, SOCMA redirects visitors to a secure server connection beforehand, and notifies the user of this repositioning through data displayed on the web pages(s) in question. The actual determination of which information is deemed personalized rests with SOCMA.
Web Site LinksSOCMA’s Web site contains links to other sites on the World Wide Web. SOCMA does not control and is not responsible for the privacy, user practices, or content of such other Websites.
JurisdictionAny dispute or claim arising out of the use of the SOCMA.com Web site shall be resolved according to the laws of the District of Columbia without reference to conflict of law principles. By agreeing to these terms and conditions and using the SOCMA.com Web site, the user consents to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over user by the courts of the District of Columbia. Any legal action in connection with this agreement shall be brought or maintained only in the courts of the District of Columbia.
Contact Us:Society of Chemical Manufacturers and Affiliates (SOCMA)Attn: Website Administrator1400 Crystal Drive, Suite 630Arlington, VA 22202Ph (571) 348-5100Fax (571) 348-5138Contact Form
Go back
© 2020 Society of Chemical Manufacturers & Affiliates. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use