https://www.gam.com/en/legal/cookies
This site uses cookies
To give you the best possible experience, the GAM website uses cookies. You can read full information of our cookie use here. Your privacy is important to us and we encourage you to read our privacy policy here.
OK
Cookies Policy
Consent
By using this website (https://www.gam.com/) (the "website") you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookies Policy.
You will have seen a pop up to this effect on your first visit to the website; it will not usually appear on subsequent visits but you may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions below.
Disabling cookies
If you do not agree to the use of these cookies, please disable them by following the instructions set out for your browser here. Please note that some services will not function correctly if cookies are disabled.
Where a third-party organisation has set a cookie, an automated disabling tool in respect of this cookie(s) is provided. GAM lists the names of these organisations, the category of cookies set, together with a link to the automated disabling tool. In all other cases, GAM list the names of the cookies and their source, as at the date of this Cookies Policy.
This means you can easily identify them or disable them through your browser controls.
Some browsers make it possible for you to signal that you do not want your internet browsing activity to be tracked. Please be aware that disabling tracking may interfere with some services provided on the website.
After your initial visit to the website, GAM may change its cookies at any time. This Cookies Policy is regularly updated to disclose who is placing cookies, for what purpose and provide you with the means to disable them, so it is important to check it from time to time.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information, which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating web domain on your subsequent visits to that domain. Most web pages contain elements from multiple web domains so when you visit a website, your browser may receive cookies from several sources.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. Cookies allow you to navigate between pages efficiently, remember preferences and generally improve the user experience. They can also be used to tailor advertising to your interests by tracking your browsing across websites.
Session cookies are deleted automatically when you close your browser, while persistent cookies remain on your device after the browser is closed (for example to remember your user preferences when you return to the site).
What types of cookies does GAM use?
GAM describes the categories of cookies it uses, including its affiliates and contractors below.
Essential cookies
These cookies are needed to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for (such as navigating between pages) cannot be provided.
This Website currently uses the following essential cookies:
Cookie Name
Source
Purpose
ASP.NET_SessionId
GAM
This session cookie implements a Microsoft technology which is essential for the operation of our websites. It assigns an identification number to each visitor so they can navigate the site correctly.
.ASPXAUTH
GAM
Forms authentication cookie - this is required for logon functionality on the website.
__RequestVerification
Token
GAM
This cookie is used for security purposes.
_cfduid
Highcharts/Cloud Flare
This cookie is used to provide data driven charts on the website, please click here for more information.
Performance cookies
GAM makes use of analytic cookies to analyse how visitors use our website and to monitor website performance. This allows GAM to provide a high quality experience by customising our offering and quickly identifying and fixing any issues that arise. For example, GAM may use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. GAM may also use these cookies to highlight articles or services that maybe of interest to you based on your usage of the website. The information collected by these cookies is not associated with any other personal information held by GAM or third-parties.
The website currently uses the following analytic cookies:
rel="noopener noreferrer"
rel="noopener noreferrer"
Cookie Name
Source
Purpose
Further Information
_ga
_gid
_gat
_gac_<property-id>
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the website. GAM uses the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for Google’s privacy policy in respect of Google Analytics.
You may opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting here.
SC_ANALYTICS_
GLOBAL_COOKIE
GAM
GAM uses Google Analytics to gather useful data such as the number of visitors to the site and which sections and types of content are most popular and most useful to our visitors.
_ga
AddThis
AddThis is a social bookmarking service that is integrated into the website with the use of a web widget.
Click here for Oracle's privacy policy in respect of AddThis.
_gid
loc
mus
na_id
ouid
ssc
ssh
sshs
uid
uvc
Functional cookies
GAM make use of cookies to provide you with certain functionality. For example, to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in), or to recognise the platform from which you access the site, and to provide a personalised experience. These cookies are not used to track your browsing on other sites.
This website uses the following functional cookies:
Cookie Name
Source
Purpose
website#lang
GAM
This cookie is used for remembering your language choice.
Shared_User_Details_Cookie
GAM
This cookie ensures that you have access to the relevant information on the site based on your geographical region and professional status across all of our websites.
CookieNotification_Cookie
Token
GAM
Remembers whether cookie banner message should be displayed.
Use of IP addresses and web logs
GAM may also use your IP address and browser type to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website and to improve the service we offer to you. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer on the Internet. Your IP address might also be used to gather broad demographic information.
GAM may perform IP lookups to determine which domain you are coming from (e.g. google.com) to more accurately gauge our users’ demographics.
Cookies policy does not cover third party websites
Please note that this cookies policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of third party websites which may be linked to this website.
Changes to the Cookies Policy
We may update this cookies policy and we would encourage you to review the policy from time to time to stay informed of how GAM are using cookies.
This cookies policy was last updated on 24 January 2019.
Legal
Complaints Handling Policy Luxembourg
Complaints Handling Policy UK
Cookies Policy
Email disclosures
Email disclosures EU
Email disclosures Italy
Fraudulent Online Activity - Be Vigilant
GAM Investments' Privacy Policies
GAM UK Entities Section 172 Statement
Information Security Policy
Luxembourg Policies
GAM and MiFID II
Modern Slavery Statement
Pillar 3 Disclosures
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (Australia)
Privacy Policy (Hong Kong)
Privacy Policy (Israel)
Privacy Policy (US)
Recruitment Privacy Notice
Referee for Financial Disputes
Terms of Use
UK Tax Strategy
GAM (UK) Limited Pension and life assurance scheme documents
x
Login to gam.com
Email Address *
Password *
Remember Me
RefreshEnter letters shown in image
Login
Register
Forgotten your password
* Mandatory fields
x
Choose Language
Language
English
German
Spanish
French
Italian
Cancel
OK
x
Before we search
You could get more results if you let us know where you are and what type of investor you are - self-certify. Until you do this we cannot show you any fund information.
Self-certify
No thanks
x
Watchlist
Please login or register to add to your watchlist.
Login
Register
x
You are now leaving the GAM Investments' website.
We are not responsible for the content or availability of linked sites.
Please click OK to continue or CANCEL to return.
OK
Cancel
x
Rest of the World
x
Fund Watchlist
Your watchlist has been updated.
My Funds
x
My Content
Your watchlist has been updated.
My Content