http://www.fmdirect.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy/
Get in touch
You can also follow us ...
FMDirect Limited Derwent House 26 Breakfield Ullswater Business Park CR5 2HS United Kingdom
Tel: 0845 299 0231
Fax: 0709 238 6032
Email: web.enquiries@fmdirect.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Policies:
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
Privacy Policy fmdirect.com, fmdirect.co.uk and fmdirect.net are owned and operated by FMDirect Limited. Information we collect from site users will be stored by us on computers in the UK and may be used in the following ways:
Contact details
We will use your contact details (your name, job title, telephone and fax number and your e-mail and postal addresses) to provide any services requested by you and to inform you about important changes to our site and its functionality. These details will also be used by us to provide you with information about other services and products we offer and will not be disclosed to third party businesses without your permission.
Voluntary Information
We may ask for further information about you as part of online surveys or if you enter any competition or other promotional feature. This information will be used to enable us to improve our website or online service.
'Cookies'
Cookies are small pieces of information stored by us on your computer which enable us to identify your computer when you access our services or websites. We may use cookies to provide you with a convenient means of access, without needing your password. Also to protect the integrity of registered user names and passwords and to limit access to 'paid for' services. We will not disclose information obtained by the use of cookies to third parties.
Statistical information
Aggregate statistical information provided by us to our advertisers or others regarding sales or website usage will not include personally identifying information.
To alter your details
If your personal information changes you can alter the details we hold by sending an e-mail to helpdesk@fmdirect.co.uk