https://www.adsc.com/legal-notice
Close
Products
All-in-One EHR & PM
Electronic Health Records
Practice Management
Revenue Cycle Management
Patient Experience
Telemedicine
Specialties
Behavioral Health & Addiction
Billing Companies
Laboratories
Radiology
See All 30+ Specialties
Learning Center
Company
About Us
Our History
Partners
Consultants
Security
Newsroom
Events
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
1-800-899-4237
Legal Notice
ADSC Info
Legal Notice
Trademarks
Request a Demo
Welcome to the Website of Advanced Data Systems Corporation (hereinafter “ADSC”). ADSC provides its services subject to the following Terms and Conditions. By accessing this Website, you acknowledge your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
The information contained on the adsc.com website (the "Website") is for general information purposes only. Advanced Data Systems assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the contents on the Website. We provide 'legal information' to the best of our understanding and do not provide any legal services or advice. We recommend that you always seek professional legal advice In no event shall Advanced Data Systems be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tort, arising out of or in connection with your use of the Website or the contents of the Website.
Advanced Data Systems reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modification to the contents on the Website at any time without prior notice.
All information (the “Information”) posted on our Website is subject to change without notice. Our Website may contain references to ADSC products and services that have not been announced in your region, and ADSC retains the right to announce or make available such services and products at its sole discretion. Except as expressly stated herein, you are authorized to view, copy, and print the content of ADSC's Website subject to the following conditions: (i) it is used for informational, non-commercial purposes only, (ii) any copy or portion must include the ADSC copyright notice, (iii) no modifications are made, and (iv) ADSC reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time.
Disclaimer. Information and Services available through ADSC and its Website are furnished “As Is” and “As Available” without any warranty whatsoever. Although ADSC has attempted to provide accurate Information on the Website, ADSC assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the Information. All other warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose, are specifically excluded and disclaimed. ADSC does not warrant that the services will meet user’s requirements, and / or that the operation of the services will be uninterrupted or error free.
Some Medics system capabilities such as EDI, Expressbill, “apps” described, and other optional modules are purchasable as needed. Forward sounding statements such as increasing revenue and productivity, collecting more money, seeing more patients, etc. are based on typically expected results. Our systems’ nearly 99% success rate on first attempt clearinghouse claims is generally accurate to within .04% since monthly fluctuations can occur based on data provided by Change Healthcare™. Medics capabilities described may not be available for all specialties. Contact ADS for details.
MedicsRIS and MedicsLab combine features and modules specific to each specialty with MedicsPremier. MedicsRCM is through Advanced Data Systems RCM.Percentage increases in clients’ revenue through MedicsRCM may change from time to time based on any number of factors.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will ADSC be liable to the user or any other person for any lost profits, lost savings, lost data, or other special, consequential, or incidental damages arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions or any information, product, or service furnished or to be furnished under these Terms and Conditions or the use thereof, even if ADSC has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.
Intellectual Property. All Intellectual Property, including patents, copyrights, logos, trademarks, and trade secrets are owned by ADSC or third parties by law. These rights apply to the Information, computer code of the web site, graphical design, etc. All contents of this Website are protected by copyright and trademark rights, except as specifically permitted herein. The contents of this Website may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in whole or in part, for any purpose other than individual viewing of this Website, without the express prior written consent of ADSC.
Privacy. ADSC is committed to preserving your privacy. This Privacy Statement explains our policy regarding Privacy of User information.
The main purpose of the information is solely to provide you (hereinafter the “User”) with our services. ADSC does not publish, sell, or trade your personal information, and none of this information will be provided to third parties, unless otherwise specified. ADSC uses the personal information provided by the User in order to provide the User with our information and / or services. We may also use that information to notify the User about our new products, services, updates, and other ADSC information we think the User may find interesting. We are very conscious of the User’s right to privacy regarding the information the User supplies to ADSC. At ADSC, our policy is to use the information to better service the User.
ADS may use cookies to keep track of User’s session while logged in. This enhances the User experience and prevents the User from having to log in repeatedly while using the site. For more information about cookies, see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie.
Please note that as with most Internet applications, there is vulnerability to various security issues including but not limited to various eavesdropping, electronic trespassing, sniffing, spamming, nuking, hacking, spoofing, “imposturing,” breaking passwords, harassment, fraud, forgery, and system contamination including but not limited to viruses, worms, and Trojan horses causing unauthorized, damaging harmful access and/or retrieval of information and data on the User’s computer or the User’s information and data on ADSC servers and other forms of activities that may even be considered unlawful, and hence should be considered unsecured. Information and data may also not reach their destination or reach an erroneous address or recipient.
Our site contains links to other sites. ADSC does not share any information provided by our Users with these sites. However, ADSC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites. Users are advised to check the privacy policy of each third party Website into which they enter. Any link to a third party Website does not constitute an endorsement or a recommendation of such third party.
Miscellaneous. This Legal Notice shall be governed by the laws of New Jersey. If any term or provision of these Terms and Conditions is for any reason held to be invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other term or provision, and these Terms and Conditions shall be interpreted as if such term or provision had never been contained in these Terms and Conditions.
ADSC reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions at its sole discretion without notice. Violation of these Terms and Conditions gives ADSC the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity for such violation.
Some videos and images on this website are “stock”/for public use and do not depict actual ADS employees, software, offices, etc.
Information on this website, in our blogs, e-books, whitepapers, newsletters and marketing material that pertains to governmental programs or initiatives such as MACRA, MIPS, PQRS, etc. is presented according to our best understanding of those programs or initiatives. You are encouraged to visit sites such as www.cms.gov for clarifications or any updated information.
All contents copyright © 2018, Advanced Data Systems Corporation.