https://www.advancedclinical.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. When you provide information to us via our Web site, we protect it according to this policy. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to let us know.
WHO IS A TYPICAL USER OF THE ADVANCED CLINICAL WEB SITE?
Advanced Clinical operates primarily as a provider of business-to-consumer services. Unlike many companies and Web sites, we do not focus on consumer users or the collection of consumer data. To the extent we collect information online, our purpose is to better serve our business clients and their employees.
What Information Do We Collect Online?
Unless otherwise stated in another, more specific policy on the Web pages you are viewing, we collect the following types of information when you browse www.advancedclinical.com/ or any other Advanced Clinical Web site:
Information you provide directly, such as your name or ordering information when you register or make an online order, or any chat room postings or e-mail messages you send us;
The Web pages your Internet browser visits;
Aggregate data, such as the number of hits per week, per Web page.
How Do We Use This Information?
Advanced Clinical does not rent or sell customer lists to other companies. Instead, we use information collected via the Web site in the following ways:
For information you provide directly, such as ordering information or e-mail messages, we use the information to respond to your orders and requests.
For information about Web pages visited, page hits per week, and the like, we use this information internally to improve the design of our Web pages.
For some registration and use data, we may direct you to particular Web pages, customize the Web pages you see, or otherwise increase the relevance of the information you access through the Web site.
Advanced Clinical may use third-party storage or service-provider companies to perform some functions including the processing of data.
Advanced Clinical may disclose information to protect our rights or property, to enforce our terms of use and legal notices, as required or permitted by law, or at the request of government regulators or other law enforcement officials and the courts (including the issuance of a valid subpoena). We shall have no duty to notify you of such compliance with the law.
E-MAIL LISTS
Advanced Clinical maintains e-mail lists to keep interested parties informed about our company, events, products, support, and more. We do not sell the addresses on our list, but we may make information available to specific business partners, sponsors, or service providers.
Users may voluntarily request to join our mailing lists by signing up or opting in through a form on our website.
TO UNSUBSCRIBE FROM OUR COMMUNICATIONS
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us an email at marketing@advancedclinical.com. Unsubscribing from marketing communications will not prevent you from receiving transactional emails related to your account.
NOTIFICATION OF DATA PROCESSING IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
When you choose to submit information through the Web site, Advanced Clinical and its affiliates may transfer, process and store the information in countries in which Advanced Clinical and its affiliates maintain offices, including the United States. The United States does not regulate data protection in the same manner as other countries, including the Member States of the European Union. Accordingly, the data that you submit to Advanced Clinical may be transferred to, processed, or stored in countries where the data protection laws are different than those of your country of residence.
INFORMATION STORAGE AND UPDATES
You can update your contact information by contacting us at any time. We may keep all information in an off-line form, for archival purposes or as otherwise required by law.
WEB SITE REVISIONS
We constantly update the features of our Web site to better serve you and all our customers, so this policy may also be revised from time to time. Advanced Clinical may modify this policy without advance notice and any modifications are effective when they are posted here. By using our Web site, you indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of the policy posted at the time of your use. If you have any questions, please contact us at your convenience.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE
1. About this Privacy Notice
Advanced Clinical has issued this California Consumer Privacy Notice (“CCPA Notice”) pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). This CCPA Notice, effective January 1, 2020, applies to California consumers only, and supplements the terms of Advanced Clinical’s privacy policy.
2. Personal Information Collected and Sources of Information
Advanced Clinical collects the following categories of personal information indicated below:
Personal Information Category
Description
Collected
A. Identifiers
Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
X
B. Customer records information
Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit or debit card number other financial information, medical information, health insurance information
X
C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age
X
D. Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
E. Biometric information
Hair color, eye color, fingerprints, height, retina scans, facial recognition, voice, other biometric data
F. Internet or other electronic network activity information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet website, application or advertisement
X
G. Geolocation data
Device location
X
H. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Images and audio, video or call recordings made in connection with our business activities
X
I. Professional or employment-related information
Job title, work history and experience, bios collected, testimonials
X
J. Education information
Information that is not “publicly available personally identifiable information” as defined in the California family Educational rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
X
K. Inferences
Inferences drawn from the personal information above to create a profile or summary about and individual’s preferences and characteristics
X
Advanced Clinical is primarily a provider of business-to-consumer services and does not focus on consumer users or the collection of consumer data.
Any consumer data collected online is used to better serve our business clients.
The personal information indicated above is collected from you based on the information that you provide to us.
When you browse www.advancedclinical.com or any other Advanced Clinical website, we collect information that you provide directly, webpages that your Internet browser visits, and aggregated data, such as the number of hits per week, per webpage.
For prospective employees of Advanced Clinical, you may provide personal information to Advanced Clinical.
We ask for certain data, including educational and employment background, contact information and preferences, information regarding debarment under subsections 306(A) or 306(B) of the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992, job qualifications, and jobs for which you would like to apply. You also may choose to provide Advanced Clinical with additional information, such as your CV, resume, or transcripts, employment references and related information, and compensation requests. In addition, Advanced Clinical may collect information from third parties, for example, in connection with initial and ongoing background, employment, social media checks and/or an employment reference.
Advanced Clinical does not request or require sensitive personal information concerning religion, health, sexual orientation, or political affiliation in connection with recruiting. If you have a disability and would like Advanced Clinical to consider any accommodation, you may provide that information during the recruiting process. We also may ask for information such as race or ethnicity for the purpose of monitoring equal opportunity; however, we do not require you to provide race or ethnicity information, and if you provide this information it will not be viewable in the hiring or selection process.
To the extent information you provide contains details of your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or beliefs, religious beliefs, membership in a trade union or political party, physical or mental health or condition, sexual orientation, commission or alleged commission of a criminal offense or related proceedings, job evaluations or educational records, you expressly authorize Advanced Clinical to handle such details as specified in this Policy and in accordance with, and as required by, applicable law.
3. Purpose of Collection
Advanced Clinical uses personal information only for the purpose for which it is provided to us, including:
Recruitment, staffing and employment purposes
Assessing qualifications and personal experience to determine if your background meets job requirements
Helping us to inform you of future job opportunities
Compliance with corporate governance and other legal and regulatory requirements
Processing of health care benefits
Providing voluntary programs and benefits for employee participation
Improvement of website functionality/experience, including customization
Conduct research, analytics, and data analysis
Records maintenance
Exercise and defend legal claims and fulfill legal obligations
General marketing of product and services
Advanced Clinical and its service providers may use your personal information in an anonymized format (in a form in which your identity cannot be determined) for other purposes not specified above, including in the development and testing of products and services.
4. Personal Information Disclosed or Shared
We disclose the below listed categories of personal information to our affiliates; our customers; our vendors, service providers, suppliers, agents and representatives; other entities offering products and services in connection with our business operations; licensors of third-party applications; and other parties where required by law or to protect our rights for our operational business purposes.
Advanced Clinical requires that its service providers and such other third parties keep your personal information confidential and that they only use the personal information in furtherance of the specific purpose for which it was disclosed.
Category A
Category B
Category C
Category F
Category G
Category I
Category J
The Advanced Clinical does not sell personal information to third parties within the scope of the application of the CCPA.
5. Consumer Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose to you (i) the categories of personal information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information; (ii) the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information about you; and (iv) the categories of personal information about you that we shared or disclosed and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or to whom we disclosed such information in the preceding twelve (12) months. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within the twelve (12) month period.
You also have the right to request that we delete personal information we collected from you subject to certain exceptions.
Once we receive a deletion request from you, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records unless an exception applies.
You also have the right to not be discriminated against in pricing and services because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA.
6. How to Make a Request
You may make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above through this link.
You may be required to submit proof of your identity for these requests to be processed as a verifiable consumer request. We may not be able to comply with your request if we are unable to confirm your identity or to connect the information you submit in your request with personal information in our possession. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf subject to proof of identity and authorization.
We will respond to your request consistent with the CCPA, which does not apply to certain information, such as information made available from government records, certain data subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and certain other laws, and where its application is preempted by, or in conflict with, federal law or the United States or California Constitution.
7. Effective Date
We will update this CCPA Notice from time to time. Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date.
Last updated: December 31, 2019