http://www.bystronic.com/en/imprint/legal.php
Legal Information
Use of InformationAll information, documents, and illustrations published on this website are of a general nature and provide information on Bystronic Group companies as well as their products and services. Use of this information (reproduction, processing, distribution, downloading, and use of any kind) is permitted provided that the copyright symbol appears on all copies, the information serves only personal purposes with no commercial gain, the information is not altered in any way, and all illustrations on the website are used only in conjunction with the accompanying text.
Copyrights and TrademarksThe entire content of this website is protected by copyright. Bystronic Laser AG reserves all rights with regard to copyrights and trademarks, regardless of whether particular information or names are protected by a ©, ®, or ™ symbol. Names and logos found on Bystronic Group websites that are registered trademarks or companies are likewise protected. The reproduction, processing, distribution, and use of any kind beyond the limits of copyright require the written permission of the respective author or creator.Insofar as content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed. Content belonging to third parties is specifically identified as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of copyright infringement, we request that you notify us accordingly. As soon as we become aware of infringements, we will remove such content immediately.
Limitation of LiabilityBystronic Laser AG, headquarters of the Bystronic Group, assumes no liability for the accuracy, completeness, and currency of the information published on its website. All statements not referring to historic facts are speculative. They entail uncertainty and risk and are beyond the control of the company. The products depicted are subject to technical changes. Although the Bystronic Group takes care to ensure that the content contained within the website is accurate at the time of publication, any liability with regard to accuracy and/or completeness of the information is excluded.Content and information can be changed at any time and without notice. Bystronic Laser AG excludes, to the extent permitted by law, any liability for losses or damages of any kind, be they direct, indirect, or consequential damages, should these result from the use of this website, particularly due to incorrect, outdated, or speculative information.
Liability for LinksOur offer contains links to external websites of third parties, over whose content we have no influence. Therefore, we also cannot assume liability for this other content. The responsibility for the content of these linked pages remains with the respective provider or operator of the pages. The linked pages were examined for potential legal violations at the time the link was created. No illegal content was discernible at the time the link was created.Permanent monitoring of the content of linked pages nevertheless cannot be reasonably expected without concrete evidence of an infringement. As soon as we become aware of infringements, we will remove such links immediately.
Applicable Law and Legal JurisdictionApplicable law is Swiss law, under exclusion of the conflict-of-law rules of Switzerland's Federal Code on Private International Law. Exclusive place of jurisdiction is Niederönz, Switzerland.Copyright © Bystronic Laser AGLast updated November 10, 2020
Privacy PolicyThe Bystronic website uses external components which can be used to collect data about your behaviour and provide social media functions. Privacy Policy Use with external componentsUse without external componentsRemember this selection for 30 days