http://www.freeston.co.uk/privacy
WelcomeAbout UsServices & EquipmentSalt, Chemical Products & DeliveryEnvironmental ServicesLegionella Risk AssessmentPlant & EquipmentPlumbingCold Water Tank CleaningTrainingWater SamplingTestimonialsAccreditationsLegionellaOnline LogbookJob VacanciesNews BlogContact UsFreeston Compliance
Privacy
1.     Credit
This
document is based on an SEQ Legal privacy policy template available at
www.website-law.co.uk. Commercial legal templates, including template web
advertising and marketing conracts, are supplied by SEQ Legal to customers
around the globe.
2.     What information do we collect?
We may
collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a)
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this
website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and
version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and
website navigation);
(b) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us
(including your name, postal address, email address and telephone number);
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our
website services, email notifications and/or newsletters (including your email
address);
(d) any other information that you choose to send to us
3.     Cookies
A cookie
consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by
the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the
browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to
identify and track the web browser.
We may
use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the
website. We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you
navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website
to recognise you when you visit;
Session
cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until
they reach a specified expiry date.
We use
Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates
statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which
are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our
website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will
store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.]
Most
browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to
reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can
refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options",
"Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the
sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact
upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
4.     Using your personal information
Personal
information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes
specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may
use your personal information to:
(a)
administer the website;
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;
(d) send you general commercial communications;
(e) send you email notifications;
(f) send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to
our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we
think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology (you
can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(g) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the
website; and
5.     Disclosures
We may
disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents,
suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as
set out in this privacy policy.
In
addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a) to
the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including
providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and
reducing credit risk);
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which
we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other
competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our
reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order
disclosure of that personal information.
Except as
provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third
parties.
6.     International data transfers
Information
that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of
the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information
in accordance with this privacy policy.
You
expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
7.     Security of your personal information
We will
take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss,
misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will
store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and
firewall- protected) servers. A
Of course,
data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot
guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
You are
responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will
not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).
8.     Your rights
You may
instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you.
Provision of such information will be subject to:
(a) the
payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00); and
(b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we
will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or
bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
We may
withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may
instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by
email at any time. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in
advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we
will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal
information for marketing purposes.
To contact us regarding your personal information you can
email us at info@freeston.co.uk or write to us at Freeston Water Treatment, Unit 1 Lulworth
Business Centre, Nutwood Way, Calmore Ind Est, Totton, Southampton, SO40 3WW.
.
9.     Policy amendments
We may
update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our
website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with
any changes.
We may
also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
10. Third party websites
The
website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the
privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
11. Updating information
Please
let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be
corrected or updated.
12. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our
treatment of your personal information, please email us at info@freeston.co.uk or
write to us at Freeston Water Treatment, Unit 1 Lulworth Business Centre,
Nutwood Way, Calmore Ind Est, Totton, Southampton, SO40 3WW.
Comments
Unit 1 Lulworth Business Centre, Nutwood Way, Calmore Industrial Estate, Totton, Southampton, SO40 3WW Tel:023 80 669713 Email: info@freeston.co.uk | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites