https://www.neotame.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The NutraSweet Co.’s Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This Online Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we protect your privacy when you visit this Web site and the other The NutraSweet Co. Web sites that display this Privacy Policy (our “Site(s)”). This Privacy Policy describes what types of information we gather and track when you use our Sites, how this information is used and with whom it is shared. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
This site is operated by The NutraSweet Co. established in the USA to which the content of the site is directed.”  If you are accessing a page from another country, the respect of personal data collected through the site is referred to in this Privacy Policy.
Scope of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers the “Personal Information” we collect through our Sites.
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. Examples of Personal Information include your name, contact details, information you provide when you create an account or a personal profile on one of our Sites, and information about the pages you have viewed and the path you have taken through our Sites.
Your Consent and other legal basis for using your Personal Information
Please take a few minutes to review this Privacy Policy. By accessing or using this Site, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT AND DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
WHERE YOU HAVE THE RIGHT UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SUCH AS IN THE EEA, YOU MAY ALSO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AT ANY TIME BY CONTACTING US. PLEASE NOTE THAT IN THE EVENT THAT YOU WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT, WE MAY STILL BE REQUIRED OR PERMITTED BY LAW TO COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE SOME OR ALL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We also collect, use and disclose your Personal Information where it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or where it is necessary for our legitimate interests of operating, protecting and improving our business.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
As we add new features and functionality to our Sites, we may need to update or revise this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to do so, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version on our Sites. These changes will be effective as of the date we post the revised version on our Sites. They will apply only to the Personal Information we collect after we have posted the revised version. Your use of one of our Sites following any such change constitutes your consent to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. For this reason, it is important to review this Privacy Policy regularly.
If we modify this Privacy Policy, we will provide a notice at the top of this Privacy Policy for at least 30 days after the new effective date, so that you can see at a glance whether our Privacy Policy has changed since your last visit. You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked “Privacy Policy” at the bottom of each page of our Sites.
Privacy Notices
This Privacy Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by “Privacy Notices” posted on our Sites. Generally, Privacy Notices provide details about the Personal Information we collect on particular pages or particular areas of a Site, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information.
What Personal Information Do We Collect Through Our Sites?
Information You Provide. We collect the Personal Information you knowingly provide (using your mouse and keyboard) when you use our Sites. The information we collect depends on how you use our Sites. For example, if you sign up to receive email communications from us, we collect your email address and any related information you provide. If you communicate with us using the “Contact Us” feature, we collect the information you provide when you complete the “Contact Us” form.
Generally, our sites distinguish between information we need to provide you with a particular product, service or to fulfill your request (“mandatory fields”), and information that although useful is optional with respect to that particular product, service or your request. Please be aware that if you do not provide us with mandatory fields we will not be able to provide you with the product or service or to fulfill your request.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your Web browser. This information typically includes your IP address, the identity of your Internet Service Provider, the name and version of your operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. An “IP address” is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. It is used to identify your computer’s “location” in cyberspace, so that the information you request can be delivered to you. If you use a dial-up connection or a connection that assigns dynamic IP addresses, your computer will be assigned a new IP Address each time you connect to the Internet. If, however, your computer is permanently connected to the Internet using a static IP address, the IP address assigned to your computer will generally be the same each time you use your computer. Although it does not identify you by name, we treat your IP address as your Personal Information.
You should be aware that when you respond to an electronic communication you receive from us, for example, by opening an email, downloading images or clicking on a link in an electronic newsletter, your browser tells us that you (or someone using your email address) has done so. We use this information to improve our marketing efforts. In addition, we review our server logs – which contain visitors’ IP addresses – for security and fraud prevention purposes. If criminal activity is suspected, we may share our server logs and the Personal Information we have collected through this Site with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. A cookie is a small file sent by a Web site and stored on a user’s computer which enables the Web site to remember information about you and your preferences.  We use “cookies” and other Web technologies in a number of ways. For example, we may use these technologies
to collect information about the ways visitors use our Sites – which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page;
to support the features and functionality of our Sites – for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits to our Sites;
to personalize your experience when you use our Sites; and
to measure the success of our web or email advertising.
The cookies we use can be classified into two categories:
“Session cookies” which are allocated to your computer for the duration of your visit of our Sites and which will be automatically removed from your computer when you close your browser.
“Persistent cookies” which expire after a reasonable period of time or until the user deletes the cookie.
Some of these uses may involve the use of “third party cookies”; that is, cookies that are set by software used by third parties, such as to carry out statistical analysis of page use, page interactions and paths through the site, or for the purposes of serving internet advertisements using an online advertising supplier.  Third party cookies may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites following your visit to our Sites.
Generally, the information collected using these Web technologies does not identify you by name. If, however, you have created a user identity, for example, by signing up to use a password-protected area on one of our Sites, we may link the information we collect using Web technologies to other information that identifies you personally.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You may also delete our cookies as soon as you leave a Site. For more information on how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help’ section or see http://www.allaboutcookies.org or http://www.aboutcookies.org. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit our Sites, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you will not be able to use all of the features and functionality of our Sites.
Except as otherwise disclosed in this policy, we do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that indicate your preference for not having information collected over time and across different web sites following your visit to one of our Sites. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Policy. Visit www.allaboutdnt.org to learn more.
How Does The NutraSweet Co. Use Your Personal Information?
Generally we use the Personal Information we collect through our Sites
to provide the products, information and services you request;
for security or fraud prevention purposes;
to provide you with effective customer service;
to provide you with a personalized experience when you use our Sites;
to display personalized advertising when you visit our Sites;
to contact you with special offers and other information we believe will be of interest to you;
to contact you with information and notices related to your use of our Sites;
to invite you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us;
to better understand your needs and interests;
to improve the content, functionality and usability of our Sites;
to improve our products and services;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; and
for any other purpose identified in an applicable Privacy Notice or other agreement between The NutraSweet Co. and you.
To Whom Do We Disclose Personal Information?
We may share the Personal Information we collect through our Sites as described below:
Our Service Providers. We share Personal Information with companies and organizations, including subsidiaries and other business entities controlled by The NutraSweet Co. that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide Web site support services to us.
Compliance with Laws and Protection of Our Rights and the Rights of Others. We may disclose Personal Information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose Personal Information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce or apply our online terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
As Described in a Privacy Notice. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any Privacy Notice posted on the Web page where you provide that information. By providing your Personal Information on that Web page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your Personal Information as described in that Privacy Notice.
As Described in a Click-Through Agreement. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as described in any click-through agreement to which you have agreed.
Your Choices
In some circumstances, we give you choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information. If so, we may ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your Personal Information. If you have created an account or a personal profile on one of our Sites, you may be able to update some or all of your privacy choices by changing the settings on your account settings or profile page at any time.
How Can You Access, Update or Correct Your Personal Information?
If you have created an account or a personal profile on one of our Sites, you may be able to access and update some or all of your Personal Information on your account settings or profile page. In most cases, however, you will need our help. If you wish to access, update or correct your Personal Information, please contact us. We will respond to you within a reasonable time and within the time limits established by applicable law. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will provide access and correct or delete any inaccurate information you discover. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if the law permits or requires us to do so or if we are unable to verify your identify.
Your Rights
In some circumstances, you have a right to request the erasure of your Personal Information or for a restriction on its use, to object to its use, to receive it in a portable format or to have it transmitted to another organization. You may also request that we no longer send you direct marketing communications. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details below.
Where you have the right under applicable law, such as in the EEA, you may complain to a Data Protection Authority if you think we have processed your Personal Information in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights.
How Long Do We Retain Your Information?
We may keep your Personal Information for as long as is necessary for our business purposes, and in particular to protect ourselves in the event of a legal claim. After this period, your Personal Information will deleted or, in some instances, anonymized. If you subsequently withdraw your consent and we have no other lawful basis to continue processing your Personal Information, we will delete your Personal Information.
Security
Although we take commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. For this reason, we urge users to take every precaution to protect their Personal Information while using the Internet.
Password Protection. Certain areas of our Sites are password protected. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your passwords. We have the right to assume that anyone accessing one of our Sites using a password assigned to you has the right to do so. You will be solely responsible for the activities of anyone accessing our Sites using a password assigned to you, even if the individual is not, in fact authorized by you. If you have reason to believe that your password has been compromised or used without authorization, you must promptly change it using the functionality provided on the Site.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
This Site may also contain links to Web sites operated by other companies, including websites operated by our third-party service providers, and unrelated third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected on any of these other Web sites. When you access third-party Web sites through a link on one of our Sites, please take a few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.
Children’s Privacy
Our Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not use our Sites to knowingly solicit Personal Information from or market to children under the age of 13, or the relevant minimum age under applicable local legal requirements, except as permitted under applicable law.
International transfers
The NutraSweet Co. is a global organization doing business in many countries and we may transfer your Personal Information across national borders for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Our headquarters are in Cambridge Massachusetts in the United States of America. Our Web servers and databases are located in the United States and the information on these servers and databases may be accessed by our staff (or staff of our service providers) located in other countries where they have a “need to know”. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some, including the United States, provide less legal protection for your Personal Information than others. Please know, however, that no matter where your Personal Information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through our Sites, it will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any privacy notices or click-through agreements that apply to you.
With respect to Personal Information from the European Economic Area (EEA), we have implemented a legal mechanism known as ‘Binding Corporate Rules’ to provide appropriate safeguards to protect Personal Information from the EEA. Alternatively, where necessary, it is our practice to implement other means of providing appropriate safeguards for Personal Information transferred from the EEA.
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN OR TO THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD.
WHERE YOU HAVE THE RIGHT UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SUCH AS IN THE EEA, YOU MAY WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AT ANY TIME BY CONTACTING US. PLEASE NOTE THAT IN THE EVENT THAT YOU WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT, WE MAY STILL BE REQUIRED OR PERMITTED BY LAW TO COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE SOME OR ALL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you are an EEA resident and you want to exercise your rights or withdraw your consent:
Address for The NutraSweet Co.:
The NutraSweet Co.
1762 Lovers Lane
Augusta, GA 30901
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok