http://www.kobaltmusic.com/legal/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Services
Music Publishing
Music Recordings
Neighbouring Rights
Technology
Synch
Roster
Company
About
Careers
Contact
Press Resources
Login
Services
Music Publishing
Music Recordings
Neighbouring Rights
Technology
Synch
Roster
Company
About
Careers
Contact
Press Resources
Login
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (the “privacy policy”) applies to your use of our website at kobaltmusic.com (the “website”). Please read this privacy policy carefully and in conjunction with our terms of use and ensure that you understand them before you start to use the website.
By accessing and using the website, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the content of this privacy policy. We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time.
This website is owned and operated by, or on behalf of, Kobalt Music Group Limited (“we” or “us”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 04018752 and our registered office is at The River Building, 1 Cousin Lane, London EC4R 3TE. Our VAT registration number is GB774150334.
For the purposes of data protection legislation, we are the data controller responsible for the collection and use of your personal information as set out in this privacy policy.
Information we collect from you
We collect the following information about you:
information that you provide by filling in our application form on the website. This includes basic contact information such as your title/role, name, email address, password and additional information that you may specify such as personal marketing preferences;
details of your visits to the website and the resources that you access;
technical information from your computer or mobile device;
information you supply if you report a problem with the website to us; and
records of any correspondence if you contact us.
How we use your information
We may use any information about you:
to enable you to have full access to the website;
to contact you when you have requested us to do so, including where required to respond to any reported problems concerning the website;
to produce anonymous reports, statistics and analysis of the types of users who access the website;
to create your Kobalt account and identify you when you sign-in to your account in accordance with your agreement with us;
for marketing purposes (see Marketing section below). This is based on your communication preferences;
for re-targeting advertising;
to contact you for your opinions on the website;
to notify you about important changes to the website, including changes or updates to our privacy policy; and
to administer and, for our legitimate interests, to improve the website.
Marketing
You can tell us whether you would like us to contact you with email updates or information regarding our services, at the point such information is collected on the website or, where you do not wish us to continue to use your information in this way, by following the unsubscribe instructions on any communications sent to you. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us (using the contact details set out on the final page of this privacy policy).
Children
This Site is not directed toward children (as defined by local law) nor does Kobalt knowingly collect information from children (as defined by local law).
Security and data retention
We take reasonable steps, including physical, technical and organisational measures, to protect your personal information from unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. Unfortunately, transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information submitted to us and any transmission is at your own risk.
Your personal information will be retained by Kobalt for a period of time as necessary and relevant to our legitimate operations, our terms of agreement (if any) with you and in accordance with applicable legal obligations. This may include retention necessary to meet our tax reporting requirements as well as time required to enforce the relevant terms of agreement or to identify, issue or resolve legal proceedings.
We may retain a record of you stated objection to the processing of your data, including in respect of an objection to receiving marketing communications, for the sole legitimate purpose of ensuring that we can continue to respect your wishes and not contact you further, during the term of your objection.
Your choices and rights
You have options and choices over how we use your personal information. You may have the right under applicable laws to ask for details of the personal information we hold about you, or to amend, limit or delete your personal information. You may also have the right to object to further processing under certain circumstances.
We also respect the rights you may have under applicable laws to receive that information in a commonly used electronic format (or ask for this information to be provided in that format to a third party where feasible).
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you, wish to change your preferences at any time or have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us:
By email at: privacy@kobaltmusic.com
By writing to us, for the attention of our Data Protection Officer at: Kobalt Music Group, 1 Cousin Lane, London EC4R 3TE.
Please note that we may require you to verify your identity before allowing you to access your personal information.
Users from the European Economic Area
We may transfer your personal information to one or more countries outside the UK and the European Economic Area (EEA), where we (or other companies within the Kobalt Group) or our service providers maintain operations. You understand that if your personal information is disclosed to third parties outside the EEA those parties may be based in territories that may not have equivalent data protection laws and may not be subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission (EC). We will attempt to ensure that your data is held safely in such circumstances.
The servers used to process your personal information collected from this website are in the UK, however we collect data from wherever users are situated. The information that we collect may therefore be transferred to the UK from any other country in which you may be located.
Where we transfer personal information we will seek to take account of any applicable statutory obligations relevant to personal information transfers. In the case of transfers out of the EEA, we will, in the absence of an EC adequacy decision relevant to the destination country, seek to rely on appropriate safeguards such as a valid Privacy Shield certified US recipient or enter into appropriate EC approved standard contractual clauses (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm).
If you are unhappy with a response you receive from us, you can refer the matter to your data protection supervisory authority: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
Users resident in California
Under California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents have certain rights regarding the collection, use, disclosure and sale of their “personal information”.
Specifically California residents have the right to request:
Disclosure of personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell about you;
Deletion of your personal information that we maintain;
To opt out of the sale of your personal information.
We engage in industry-standard advertising business practices that may be considered a sale.  Kobalt has “sold” personal information in the last 12 months by allowing advertising networks we partner with to place cookies or other tracking technologies through this website.  We do not knowingly sell personal information related to children under 16 years of age.
To opt out of the sale of your personal information, make a request or, for more information, contact privacy@kobaltmusic.com or write to us, for the attention of our Data Protection Officer at: Kobalt Music Group, 1 Cousin Lane, London EC4R 3TE
In most cases, Kobalt will verify your request by confirming that you control the email address associated with your personal information.  If necessary, we reserve the right to take additional steps or require additional information to verify your request.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights.
Users resident in Australia
If you would like a copy of the privacy policy for the Australian subsidiaries please contact the Australian Kobalt office via privacy.policy.au@kobaltmusic.com
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information which are issued to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website and which store and sometimes track information about your use of the website. When you visit our website, our web server sends a cookie to your device which allows us to recognise your device.
You can find out more about how we use cookies and other similar tracking technologies, including information on how you can manage your cookie preferences, in our Cookie Policy.
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms of Service
Modern Slavery Act
© Copyright 2020 Kobalt Music Group, Ltd.