https://www.sunmeadow.com/privacy-policy/
GA Foods | Specialty Meals ProviderNourishment.
Delivered.
HomeAbout UsWhat Makes Us DifferentWhat We doNutrition ServicesFood PreparationDelivery ServicesCustomer CareFAQsOur Team | ONE TeamJob Opportunities at GA FoodsGA Cares Employee Assistance ProgramOur HistoryOur Vision and MissionTestimonialsFAQsMarkets ServedHealthcare NutritionHome-Delivered Meals for Chronic ConditionsPost-DischargeHospital Post-Discharge MealsNutrition for Older Adults and Recovering PatientsHome-Delivered MealsCongregate MealsSimpleCook™ Kitchen InnovationOther MarketsChild Nutrition in FloridaAfter School Programs in FloridaPublic and Charter Schools in FloridaHead Start Programs in FloridaDisaster Relief | Emergency ResponseMilitaryFAQsProductsPost-Discharge NutritionNutrition for Older Adults and Recovering PatientsTotal Meal Systems™ | Variety Packs7-Day Total Meal Systems™5-Day Total Meal Systems™2-Day Total Meal Systems™Kosher Frozen MealsIndividual Frozen MealsBeefBreakfastMeatlessPorkPoultrySeafoodShelf Stable Pantry Meals7-Day Pantry Meals5-Day Pantry Meals2-Day Pantry MealsShelf Stable Kosher MealsPuréed MealsOther MarketsChild NutritionMilitary Meals and KitsThaw and Serve Sandwich KitsCustom Meal KitsBulk Sandwiches & Fruit CupsDisaster Relief | Emergency Response KitsEmergency Shelf Stable Meals7-Day Emergency Meal Packs5-Day Emergency Meal Packs2-Day Emergency Meal PacksIndividual Emergency Meal OptionsKosher Emergency MealsProduct CatalogResourcesProduct CatalogNutrition Analysis InfoArticles and Information (Blog)Case Manager Continuing Education (CEUs)TestimonialsVisiting GA FoodsFrequently Asked Questions (FAQs)CareersContact UsYou are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyGA Foods, Inc., its Affiliates and business partners (“GA Foods”) takes your privacy seriously. Earning and maintaining your trust is important to us. We want you to understand what information we gather from you, how this information is used and protected, and what choices you have about how your information is used. This Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, together constitute a legally binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and GA Foods, establishing the terms and conditions for your use of the website at www.GA Foods, all other sites owned or operated by GA Foods, all subdomains and related apps (collectively, the “Site”), as well as the content, APIs, data feeds and other services offered by GA Foods (together with the Site, the “Service”). Some services offered through the Service are subject to additional terms and conditions that you should read before making use of those services. Your use of those services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into the Agreement by this reference.By using the Service in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content, information, or other materials or services to the Site, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not wish to be bound by the Agreement, you may discontinue using the Site and the Service. Throughout this document, the words “GA Foods,” “us,” “we,” and “our,” refers to GA Foods, Inc., our affiliates and business partners. Likewise, the words “you” and “your” refer to you, the person using the Service in any manner.Please know that any product ratings, reviews or other information (including personal and health-related information) you reveal in publicly available areas of the Site, including a message board, online meetings, posting, chat room/event, or similar electronic public venues, is not protected by this Agreement. Such postings will be seen by Site registered users and/or guests and third parties not related to GA Foods. What you write could be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. Also, if you access a third party website from a link on the Site, any information you reveal on that site is not subject to this Agreement.You should consult the privacy policy of each website you visit.Information Collected by or on Our Behalf1.1. In General.GA Foods collects two kinds of information: (1) personally identifiable information (“personal information”) voluntarily provided by visitors through optional registration or other methods and (2) non-personally identifiable information routinely gathered as visitors navigate through the Site.1.2. Personal Information.You are free to visit and use the Site without providing any personal information. However, portions of the Service require registration and submission of personal information. In order to register or otherwise take advantage of these portions of the Service, you will have to provide personal information. The personal information we might request from you may include your name, address, email address, phone number and other related information to help us design and personalize your experience. In addition, if you are making a purchase, we will request your billing and credit card information. Providing us with your personal information is strictly voluntary. In some cases, we must share your personal information in order to fulfill your request. For example, we may use third party credit card processing companies and shipping fulfillment companies to fulfill your order. Additionally, we may, from time to time, work with third parties to offer products, services or contests. If you do not wish for us to share your personal information in this manner, please do not place orders on the Site or participate in contests or sweepstakes.1.2.1. Registration & Account Profile.In order to obtain access to certain products, services, and content available on the Site, you must complete our Registration Form and Account Profile pages. We use the personal information you provide through registration (i) to recommend and customize meal plans, (ii) to bill you and conduct other billing and account activity and (iii) to respond to any questions that you submit. From time to time we might need to update you about your account, contact you regarding a billing question, notify you about changes to our services, or otherwise send you Service-related announcements. You will not be able to unsubscribe from these transactional emails. You will be permitted to unsubscribe from all other emails that are not transactional in nature. In those circumstances, we will use your personal information to contact you. By registering for our services, you consent to GA Foods contacting you about your account. Based upon the personal information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email. If you do you not wish for GA Foods to contact you regarding your account, please do not register on the Site. You are free to unsubscribe to any other emails that you receive from us.1.2.2. Emails & NewslettersYou may register to receive email subscriptions and/or newsletters from GA Foods by visiting your Subscription Profile and opting in to receive the subscriptions or newsletters of your choosing. To receive emails and newsletters from GA Foods you must provide your email address.1.2.3. Surveys or ContestsFrom time-to-time we may provide you with the opportunity to participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions or surveys on or through the Site. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these contests, sweepstakes, or surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name, email, and/or shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip/postal code). Sometimes we may offer these contests or sweepstakes together with another party, or we may use a third party service provider to help us conduct the promotion. In order to administer the promotion and/or provide the winner(s) with a prize, we may need to share your personal information with a third party who is helping us conduct the promotion or co-sponsoring the promotion with us. We will notify you within the Official Rules of promotions if another party is co-sponsoring the promotion with us. If we are using a third-party service provider, the third party service provider will be prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose.1.2.4. Editorial/Interview RequestsA member of the GA Foods editorial team may contact registered users via email, telephone or postal mail for potential interviews and feature stories. Testimonials and Success Stories are effective tools in communicating the impact of personalized meal plans and other programs available from GA Foods. Participation in editorial or interview requests is strictly voluntary and you are free to refuse to participate. If you do choose to participate, however, you should be aware that we may use your name, likeness, statements, quotes, and other personal information.1.3. Non-personally Identifiable InformationYou may use the Site without registering or submitting any personal information. In that case, the only information we will collect from you is general, aggregated, demographic, or other non-personal information. We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and log files to track non-personal information about visitors to the Site in the aggregate. We may also share non-personal information with third parties such as advertisers and partners. This non-personal, aggregate data is used to analyze trends, to track user movement around the Site, and to gather demographic information about how registered users, subscribers and visitors use the Site. In some cases, when you click on a link or an advertisement in an email or newsletter you might receive from us, your browser may be momentarily directed to the site of a third party which, acting on our behalf, notes or “counts” your response to the email or newsletter before re-directing your browser to its proper destination. This re-direction process will not be apparent to you. This third party will not record your personal information.1.3.1. CookiesA cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on the Site to determine the number of unique visitors, to personalize your online experience, to identify returning visitors and to provide you with advertisements and messages of interest to you. We do not store any personal information in any cookies on your computer. However, we do link the non-personal information we store in cookies to your personal information. Also, companies offering products or services through the Site may use their own cookies. This Agreement covers our use and placement of cookies only, and does not cover the use or placement of cookies by any third party. We may also use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit the Site. This company may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.1.3.2. Web BeaconsOur third-party advertising partners employ software technology to help us validate sales on the Site by tracking the online movements of Site users. We do not use this technology to collect any personal information from or about you or to track your activities across websites generally.1.3.3. Log FilesAs is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. This information does not identify individual users. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the Site and to identify and solve hardware and software problems as they arise. We may link this data to your personal information for the purpose of determining your interests and to offer you goods or services that may be of interest to you.1.4. Tracking and Merging Information from Other Sources.If you register on the Site and provide us with personal information, we may link non-personal, aggregated tracking data with your online personal information through the use of cookies, log files and other non-personal information collection. We may also supplement the personal information we collect from you with non-personal or personal information from other, third-party sources. We will merge this third-party information with personal information you have provided to us. The composite information about you will be treated in accordance with this Agreement. We do this to assist us in evaluating and improving the Service; to determine your preferences so that we can tailor the Service to your needs; to provide you with targeted marketing offers that we think may be of interest to you; and to study nutritional, weight loss, behavioral and fitness questions in general. Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on Behalf of GA FoodsSponsors, partners or advertisers on the Site or in emails, special promotions or newsletters we send you may also use their own cookies or web beacons when you click on their advertisement or link to their website or service, or even if the advertisement simply appears on a page or in an email that you are viewing. We do not control how third parties use cookies or web beacons, or how they manage the non-personal information they gather through them. Please review the privacy policy of the other sites you visit or link to from the Site to understand how these other sites use cookies and how they use the information they collect through the use of cookies or web beacons on their own sites. ChildrenWe are committed to protecting the privacy of children. This Site is not designed for, nor is it intended to attract, children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information directly from any person under the age of 13, and if we do inadvertently collect information from a person under the age of 13, we delete it as soon as we discover it. Public ForumsThis Agreement does not protect you when you use GA Foods public forums. As a service to our users, GA Foods may offer chat rooms and bulletin boards where users can share meal preferences, diet, and nutrition information and support one another or post questions for experts to answer. In addition, we may offer online discussions on a variety of topics moderated by experts. You should be aware that any information shared in a chat room, bulletin board, or online discussion is public information and may be seen, disclosed to, or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. Emails to GA FoodsThis Agreement does not protect you when you send business information, ideas, concepts or inventions to GA Foods by email to the contacts listed on the “Contact Us” link on the Site. If you want to keep business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, please do not submit them to us.DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION Except as set forth in this Agreement or as specifically agreed to by you, GA Foods will not disclose any personal information it gathers from you on the Site without your prior permission. Except as set forth herein, you will have the opportunity to opt-in to opportunities to share your personal information with third parties, and you can withdraw your consent at any time. In some circumstances, we must disclose your personal information to third parties who help us administer the Services. These third parties are required to keep your information confidential and do not use your information for any purpose other than the purpose under which your information was collected. We also disclose your information to our Affiliates (defined below). We may also release personal information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, court order, or legal process; or (2) in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others, or to protect the rights and/or property of GA Foods. Additionally, if all or a substantial portion of our business is sold, liquidated, merged or transferred to a third party, we may transfer all personal and non-personal information to the party purchasing or merging with us. Disclosure to GA Foods AffiliatesWe may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Affiliates. For purposes of this Agreement, “Affiliates” means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with GA Foods, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Affiliates will be treated by those Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Disclosure to Third Parties GenerallyOccasionally we may invite you to be contacted by third parties whose goods or services may be of interest to you. We will only share your personal information with these third parties if you grant us permission to do so. If you opt-in to such sharing, we may also share your personal information with licensors of certain nutrition, and/or health-related programs offered on or through the Site. We may provide third parties with non-personal information about you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted, including where such information is combined with similar information of other users of the Site. For example, we provide our advertisers and other third parties with aggregate, non-personal information about Site users, including the number of unique users who visit the Site, the demographic breakdown of the registered users of the Site or the activities that visitors to the Site engage in while visiting. Disclosure to Outside ContractorsWe may employ independent contractors, vendors and suppliers (collectively, “Outside Contractors”) to provide specific services and products related to the Site, including but not limited to maintaining an email suppression list as required by state and/or federal law; hosting and maintaining our forums; providing credit card processing, secure credit card storage and shipping fulfillment; fraud screening; testing and implementation of special customer services; and developing applications for the Site and email services. These Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to information collected on the Site, including your personal information, in the course of providing products or services to us. Access to your personal information by these Outside Contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for the Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us. All Outside Contractors are required to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. Disclosure to Linked SitesIn addition to the third party websites that you may access as described above, for your convenience, there are links to websites operated by companies other than GA Foods (“Third Party Sites”) that are not contractors who provide content or services through the Site. These links may be found in advertisements, referenced within content, or placed beside the names or logos of sponsors. GA Foods does not disclose your personal information to these Third Party Sites without obtaining your consent. In addition, GA Foods does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of Third Party Sites. If you choose to link to one of these Third-party Sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on the Third Party Site to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your personal information. Other DisclosuresWe reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, liquidation, merger, or other transfer of all or a substantial portion of the assets of GA Foods or any of our major business units. We will endeavor, in good faith, to gain the third party’s agreement and adherence to the terms of this Agreement. In addition, we will notify users of any such transfer through notice on the Site and through email.HOW GA FOODS HANDLES SECURITYThe security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. While no method of transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure, GA Foods will strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information.YOUR PRIVACY CHOICESExcept as otherwise described in this Agreement, we will only use personal information for the purposes described above or as otherwise disclosed at the time we request such information from you. You may also change your preference and opt out of receiving voluntary, non-transactional communications by changing that option in your profile or by following the directions provided in association with the communication.UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CONTACTING GA FOODSYou may always contact us to (i) update or correct your personal information, (ii) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us or third parties or (iii) delete the personal information maintained about you on our systems. Such updates, corrections, changes, and deletions will not have an effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Agreement prior to such update, correction, change, or deletion. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove from our servers each and every record of the information you have provided to us. The need to back-up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your personal information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. Nevertheless, we promise that upon receiving your request, all personal information stored in the databases we actively use for research and daily business activities, and other readily searchable media, will be disabled.HIPAA NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICESGA Foods’ core values include trust, integrity, and commitment. We pledge that we are committed to the highest levels of data security. Our customers can trust that our team will work with the highest integrity to ensure your Protected Health Information (PHI) is protected.We define PHI as any identifiable information or specific health information related to the provision of healthcare.We are required by federal and state law to protect your PHI data.All PHI data that GA Foods handles is encrypted in transit, encrypted at rest, and access to that data individualized and logged.As a matter of policy, GA Foods does not share or disclose member PHI with any third party outside of speaking with the owner or affiliated responsible party of said member PHI data.All GA Foods’ employees with access to PHI are trained on our privacy and data protection policies and procedures.GA Foods employs defense-in-depth strategies for security and privacy of our customers’ PHI data with adherence to the HITRUST Common Security Framework.CONTACT US WITH PRIVACY-RELATED QUESTIONSIf you have any questions about this Agreement or concerns about a potential breach or vulnerability, please contact us in any of the following ways:email (provide your first and last name and email address; we will not open your email if it contains attachments); orPostal mail to GA Foods, Inc., 12200 32nd N St. Petersburg, FL 33716, Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator (provide your first and last name, and email address).This policy is effective as of July 1st, 2019TestimonialsCase Manager Praise
I just wanted you to know that Rosa is very courteous , efficient, and hard working.  She is an exceptional...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-27T11:58:38-04:00I just wanted you to know that Rosa is very courteous , efficient, and hard working.  She is an exceptional employee. Thank you, AA - Case Manager, Hope HealthCare Services https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/case-manager-praise/Absolutely Delighted Member
"Good morning. I just wanted to share a member’s absolute joy in receiving their first shipment of meals from GA...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2020-04-16T13:19:43-04:00"Good morning. I just wanted to share a member’s absolute joy in receiving their first shipment of meals from GA Foods last week. When I contacted said member to confirm services, she was absolutely delighted with her meals and had to describe each one that she had tried in great detail. Thank you so much for your assistance in bringing the service to our members during the COVID 19 crisis. It has made a significant difference." ~ RW, LTSS Service Coordinator, Amerigroup. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/absolutely-delighted-member/Food is Great after Hospital!
Your food is great! After just being in the hospital this made a difference of having a meal and not....GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2017-05-03T09:13:13-04:00Your food is great! After just being in the hospital this made a difference of having a meal and not.  ~ RD, Gateway Medicare Assured client, Pennsylvania https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/food-great-hospital/Seniors First Partnership
Just a quick note to say THANKS SO MUCH for arranging the fabulous open house and reception last night! Everyone...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2017-03-30T11:00:59-04:00Just a quick note to say THANKS SO MUCH for arranging the fabulous open house and reception last night! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed learning more about the new finishing kitchen and were very impressed with the state of the art equipment, custom electrical panels, freezer capacity etc. We sincerely appreciate our long standing relationship/partnership with GA Foods to address the nutritional needs of our clients. Thanks for all you do! ~ ML, Seniors First Inc. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/seniors-first-partnership/Basic Training MRE Memories
I went through basic training at Fort Jackson, South Carolina. We always had the SunMeadow MRE, and I loved them.  I...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2016-04-22T13:47:18-04:00I went through basic training at Fort Jackson, South Carolina. We always had the SunMeadow MRE, and I loved them.  I wanted to know what was in them because I can't remember to save my life and I really wanted them.  ~CE, Ft. Indiantown Gap, PA https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/basic-training-mre-memories/Home Delivered Meals Delight
[ I am] so pleased with your service from my delivery driver Wanda.  “Wanda is a wonderful delivery person. She is...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2016-03-23T12:30:54-04:00[ I am] so pleased with your service from my delivery driver Wanda.  “Wanda is a wonderful delivery person. She is very personable, helpful, asks how I am, and helps me unload.”  “Loves GA Foods Meals.”  - CW, Murrells Inlet,  SC https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/home-delivered-meals-delight/Delightful Service and Delicious Food
Thank you and your team for delightful service and delicious food. We appreciate you. -- Nutrition Coordinator, Palm Beach County,...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2015-11-04T16:16:37-05:00Thank you and your team for delightful service and delicious food. We appreciate you. -- Nutrition Coordinator, Palm Beach County, Division of Senior Services https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/delightful-service-and-delicious-food/Compliments to the Cook!
I just wanted to send a message that our clients have been noticing a change in their meals lately!  Actually,...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2015-10-23T12:19:28-04:00I just wanted to send a message that our clients have been noticing a change in their meals lately!  Actually, people have been commenting about how good the food is for a couple of months now.  The last time we had greens, the clients loved them!  Normally, we have to throw away some of the greens at the end of serving; now people are eating every drop . . . seconds, thirds . . . until they are all gone!  My staff is telling me every day that the people are enjoying the food so much more lately.  They definitely noticed a big difference the past couple of months! Please share our “Compliments to the Cook”! p.s.  We also want to thank your entire staff for the great job that they do every day.  GA, Center Hill, has always been a pleasure to work with! Thanks! Janice Hale Senior Programs Supervisor Citrus County Support Services https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/compliments-toga-foods-center-hill-cook/Special Events for Seniors
Thank you, thank you, thank you! I cannot say this enough. The food, as usual, was the bomb!!. Without your...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2015-04-27T10:38:55-04:00Thank you, thank you, thank you! I cannot say this enough. The food, as usual, was the bomb!!. Without your support these special  events we host for Senior Adults in Augusta  would not happen!  Thanks, Brian, to your staff and GA Foods, for continuing to provide excellent foodservice to Augusta’s senior population. Since the inception of our Senior’s Evening Special Events, your organization has been there to assist us with providing a delicious and nutritional meal to our guests.  You make us look good! Thank you for your continuous support.  ~JD https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/special-events-for-seniors/Florida Senior Shares Love
Hi.  I’m 77 years old and I am from Port St. Lucie, FL 34984, and I am also with Council...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2015-01-05T15:08:04-05:00Hi.  I’m 77 years old and I am from Port St. Lucie, FL 34984, and I am also with Council of the Aging.  I’m writing to you to say thank you for so much.  The pantry meals are great.  I don’t know you all, but I’m happy for what you do for people like me.  May God bless all of you.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Years.  P.S. Let there be peace on earth one day.  P.S. Love you all. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/florida-senior-shares-love/Sunshine Health Home Delivered Meal Customer
[I] have been a very happy customer of GAFoods for over four years through my LTC [long term care] Plan with...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-12-29T13:03:21-05:00[I] have been a very happy customer of GAFoods for over four years through my LTC [long term care] Plan with Sunshine Health. My new case manager with United Health Care will contact you to continue to deliver frozen meals to my home, only now through UHC. Am interested in facts in your ebook download. Thank you. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/sunshine-health-hdm-customer/Perfect Score in Customer Evaluation
SunMeadow scored perfectly at the PCA food evaluation today.   All of the components of each meal evaluated looked, tasted, and...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-10-01T15:11:16-04:00SunMeadow scored perfectly at the PCA food evaluation today.   All of the components of each meal evaluated looked, tasted, and measured perfectly.  The customer randomly selected the following meals from stock - Crispy Breaded Chicken with Diced Sweet Potatoes and Vegetable Medley, Chicken Stew with Pineapple Coconut Dessert, Haddock Nugget with Carrots and Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Western Omelet with Potatoes O'Brien and Strawberry Applesauce from our Classic Cuisine, All American, and Rise & Shine menus. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/perfect-score-customer-evaluation/Managed Care Member Thankful
“May God forever bless you!”  A managed care member, BR,  called to let us know she was eating her omelette and...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-27T12:02:36-04:00“May God forever bless you!”  A managed care member, BR,  called to let us know she was eating her omelette and her potatoes and absolutely loves them! She also said she loves her driver (Rafael Sanabria)!  She is very thankful for GA Foods' service! https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/managed-care-member-thankful/Home Bound Client
Your driver Michael took his time to get me to a warmer part of my house. He then called his...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T13:56:03-04:00Your driver Michael took his time to get me to a warmer part of my house. He then called his office and they contacted my case manager who was able to send help to get my heater fixed. Thank you. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/home-bound-client/Driver Helps When Needed
I just received a call from a client in Kentucky, RH.  She called to tell us what a wonderful driver Mike is...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-27T11:55:11-04:00I just received a call from a client in Kentucky, RH.  She called to tell us what a wonderful driver Mike is and that she just cares about him so much.  She has been with GA Foods for 3 years. In the past, when her husband had fallen, Mike helped him off the ground on multiple occasions.  On one visit, her husband had become lodged between the wall and his wheel chair.  Mike happened be scheduled to make a delivery and eagerly helped.  Two days later her husband had passed away. RH feels Mike goes above and beyond what would be expected and needs to be appreciated for being so kind.  She said she wishes Mike could sit down and have a cup coffee with her.  He is just the sweetest person. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/driver-helps-when-needed/HDM Drivers Build Relationships
An HDM client from New Jersey called to say how grateful she is to have a driver as GREAT as...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-27T11:41:12-04:00An HDM client from New Jersey called to say how grateful she is to have a driver as GREAT as Jack delivering her food. She was feeling ill after a doctor appt and Jack was there at a crucial time to help her get to the sofa without falling. She could not say enough about how good food was compared to [a competitor] and that she doesn’t want us to take Jack off of her route. ~ MC, Eatonton, NJ https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/hdm-drivers-build-relationships/Diabetic Coma Prevented
GA Foods' deliveryman Buck Brown was delivering to a member of ours who is usually waiting for him at the...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-27T11:36:02-04:00GA Foods' deliveryman Buck Brown was delivering to a member of ours who is usually waiting for him at the door.  Buck has a good rapport with him and since the member wasn't there, and that was unusual, Buck thought something might be wrong.  He tried the door handle and peeked his head in the house and saw the member sitting in a chair.  Buck called out his name a few times with no response but a low gurgling noise.  Buck called 911 and stayed with the member until the EMS arrived.  Having an extra set of eyes and ears for home delivered meal clients can save lives. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/diabetic-coma-prevented-by-home-delivered-meal-delivery/Nutrition Operations Manager
The carrot salad with the cold sandwich meals was a big, big hit!!!  Clients are asking for more of it.GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:37:30-04:00The carrot salad with the cold sandwich meals was a big, big hit!!!  Clients are asking for more of it. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/nutrition-operations-manager/Private 2nd Class – Basic Training
This letter is in reference to your shelf stable breakfast meal. I am a US Army soldier undergoing Basic Combat...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:35:18-04:00This letter is in reference to your shelf stable breakfast meal. I am a US Army soldier undergoing Basic Combat Training at Fort Sill, Oklahoma.  I graduate this upcoming weekend, the 20th of June. (Hooah!) One of my favorite daily occurrences is chow, and honestly, I love your breakfast meals.  They are convenient and nutritious and I think they taste great.  As a consumer, I am curious if the shelf meal is available for commercial resale.  These meals would eliminate the need for a lunchbox in my household.  Overall, I felt the desire to share my appreciation for your product.   Thank you for providing this product! https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/private-2nd-class-basic-training/VOA Nutrition Program Director
We are very grateful to SunMeadow/GA Foods.  In particular, it has been wonderful to work with you and your outstanding...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:30:13-04:00We are very grateful to SunMeadow/GA Foods.  In particular, it has been wonderful to work with you and your outstanding delivery driver, Jared.  Without your help, we would have had great difficulty in getting nutritious meals to anyone.  Jared has been a true blessing for all of us in his efforts to do more than merely deliver meals; he took the time to truly help people. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/voa-nutrition-program-director/Home Delivery Customer
You're a blessing.  As is your food service and, especially Marcus, the driver.  Your food is tasty and packaged well....GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:22:57-04:00You're a blessing.  As is your food service and, especially Marcus, the driver.  Your food is tasty and packaged well.  Marcus is conscientious and excels in communication.  Thanks! https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/home-delivery-customer/Serviceman in Iraq
I’m a US Soldier serving in Iraq, and I’d just like to say thanks for your efforts in supplying us...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:09:40-04:00I’m a US Soldier serving in Iraq, and I’d just like to say thanks for your efforts in supplying us with bundled meals. It’s a big morale booster getting away from the whole routine of eating MRE’s 3 times a day. We all appreciate your services! – PFC Skler Batdo https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/serviceman-iraq/Hurricane Katrina Victim
I live 8 miles from New Orleans and was deeply affected by Hurricane Katrina. Your meals really saved us. We...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:09:01-04:00I live 8 miles from New Orleans and was deeply affected by Hurricane Katrina. Your meals really saved us. We had no grocery stores opened until over a month after Katrina, and couldn’t get to out of town groceries. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/hurricane-katrina-victim/Hurricane Wilma Victim
My family and I received food boxes after Hurricane Wilma; we were so relieved to have some food. We had...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:07:43-04:00My family and I received food boxes after Hurricane Wilma; we were so relieved to have some food. We had been walking to the market daily, just to get necessities. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/hurricane-wilma-victim/Hurricane Katrina Survivor
I am sending you this letter as a thank you for your wonderful meal kits; they were real life savers...GA Foods | Specialty Meals Provider 2014-08-22T14:06:56-04:00I am sending you this letter as a thank you for your wonderful meal kits; they were real life savers for New Orleans residents. https://www.sunmeadow.com/testimonials/hurricane-katrina-survivor/0GA Foods | Specialty Meals ProviderReturn to top of page Privacy Policy |
Copyright © 2020