https://www.informa.com.au/insight/new-tool-helps-spot-worksite-blind-spots-and-prevent-machinery-accidents/
This website uses cookies, including third party ones, to allow for analysis of how people use our website in order to improve your experience and our services. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of such cookies. Click here for more information on our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.
Continue
Informa Australia is part of the Informa Connect Division of Informa PLC
Informa PLC
About us
Investor relations
Talent
This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067.
informa
Informa
Conferences
Training
Exhibitions
Insights
About
Sponsors
Contact Us
Go
Technology | Transport & Logistics New tool helps spot worksite blind-spots and prevent machinery accidents
23 Sep 2020, by Amy Sarcevic
Back to all Insights
Share this article
After three of his brothers were seriously injured by construction site vehicles at work, Dr. Nathan Kirchner decided it was time for the industry to change.
Together with Dr. Kieran MacKenzie he founded tech start-up Presien – a Laing O’Rourke spinout, aimed at preventing vehicular accidents in heavy industries.
Kirchner’s personal experience was not the only motivation for forming the company. More than 182 Australians were fatally injured at work last year – a disproportionate number from industries, such as construction, mining and logistics. This is despite these sectors being heavily mandated in terms of safety protocol and equipment.
While traditional safety tech in vehicles, like rear-view cameras, can cut crashes by up to 78 percent, this figure is believed to be far lower in worksite vehicles, for one simple reason: the vehicle operator can’t give their full attention to the camera footage.
“People seem to forget that a person operating a vehicle in a worksite isn’t just driving it, they are simultaneously performing a job, like digging a hole or removing scraps,” said Dr. MacKenzie.
“It is all very well having state of the art camera systems in place, providing a 360 degree view of your site. But camera footage is only effective insofar as the person is looking at it.”
Even momentary inattention can be lethal when operating heavy machinery. A study by the USA National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) found that around 80 percent of workplace crashes and 65 percent of near-crashes involved driver inattention, within three seconds before the incident.
Recognising the inadequacy of cameras in preventing these incidents, MacKenzie and Kirchner’s Presien tool can be programmed to detect objects of choice in a worksite and – using artificial intelligence – provide an alert to the operator when the object is in near range.
The ‘choice’ element is one of the key sell-points, they say, with superfluous alerts (to non-hazardous objects) likely to desensitise operators to the warnings, rendering them ineffective over time.
“You can program the AI tool to only recognise people if you wish, rather than objects, like piles of debris. That way, when your alert goes off, you know you have to pay attention to it, rather than dismissing it as a false alarm. It’s a complex design, but this complexity is hidden from the user, with a simple interface,” said MacKenzie.
An additional sell-point is the tool’s standalone capabilities.
“The tool doesn’t need internet connectivity to recognise objects and generate alerts,” said MacKenzie.
“This is really important for two keys reasons. Firstly, it means that the system can be used without reliable internet, which is common in heavy industry operations. Secondly, it stops latency issues, with the round-trip from the device to server processing too tardy for it to be effective as a hazard alert.”
The tool does, however, have inbuilt 3/4G capabilities to collate data for monitoring and investigation purposes.
“The goal is not only to stop accidents, but also to automate reporting. The object detection data, including video, can be automatically sent to the cloud, allowing users to better understand how risky their set-up is. Additionally, this data can be used for investigations in the event of any near-misses or accidents,” said MacKenzie.
The first version of Presien’s AI tool has already made a large footprint in heavy industries throughout Australia. And, more recently, the firm has secured $4million of venture capital funding from Main Sequence Ventures to further develop the technology.
Dr. Kieran MacKenzie – who has a PhD in Engineering and a decades’ experience in construction innovation – will share details of his workplace safety learnings at the RISSB’s Rail Safety Conference – held as a virtual event on 27-28 October 2020.
Learn more and register.
Blog insights you may like
Using technology to create a thriving Build-to-Rent community
With its attractive risk profile, quick, large and steady returns, build-to-rent is fast gaining popularity in...
Read more
Getting ready for FRMCS – the next chapter in rail
The rail sector is moving towards an exciting future, marked by advances in automation, IoT, and predictive analytics.
However,...
Read more
A mission approach to lifting innovation performance – Adrian Turner
When former CSIRO's Data61 CEO, Adrian Turner, found himself hosing down bushfires during last year’s ‘Black...
Read more
Automatic Success with Automatic Inspections. Keep Moving to Succeed
Automated inspection of rolling stock dramatically improves maintenance workflows.
The move to automated...
Read more
Informed Decisions with Digitized Rolling Stock Condition Data
Know what is ahead. Increase the value of rail data and act on data insights with condition monitoring solutions...
Read more
Is the Hierarchy of Controls always valid in the age of software systems?
According to the Hierarchy of Controls – a framework that has long been used for minimising workplace hazards...
Read more
Is your business a critical infrastructure asset?
Last month, the New Zealand Stock Exchange came to a standstill as cyber-attackers carried out a series of distributed...
Read more
Unlocking VTS data for optimal port operations
With $1.2 billion worth of trade moving through Australian ports every day, it is not surprising that the role...
Read more
Industry 4.0 and implications for the maritime workforce
When plans to build the world’s first fully autonomous container vessel, the MV Yara Birkeand, were first unveiled,...
Read more
Get all the latest on Informa news and events
Subscribe
Informa Connect Australia is the nation's leading event organiser. Our events comprise of large scale exhibitions, industry conferences and highly specialised corporate training.
Find out more
Subscribe to Insights
We respect your privacy & will not share your details with any third-party.
Join Our NewsletterInforma Insights
Stay up-to-date with all the latest
updates, upcoming events & more.
COVID-19 Informa Connect Update + Policy