https://www.jerseymikes.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Order
Menu
Find Locations
Careers
MyMike's™
Offers, Rewards, & More!
Benefits
Exclusive Offers & Promotions
Earn Free Subs with Shore Points®
Birthday Rewards
Personalized Ordering Experience
Ready?
Log In
OR
Create New Account
MyMike's™
Careers
Gift Cards
Merchandise
Franchising
About Us
Privacy Policy
Last Modified 10/01/2020
Safeguarding your privacy and the security of your personal information is important to us. Please take a few minutes to read the following policy so that you understand how we treat your personal information. Jersey Mike's has adopted this Privacy Policy in order to inform you of its policies with respect to information collected from our Online Services and mobile applications ("Online Services"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the handling of your personal data collected by Jersey Mike's Franchise Systems, Inc. or its affiliates/owner-operators by means other than the Online Services. If you have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@jerseymikes.com.
What Information Do We Gather?
We gather both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.
Personally Identifiable Information is any information that concerns you individually and would permit someone to contact you, for example, your name, address, telephone/fax number, email address or any information you submit to jerseymikes.com that identifies you individually.
The Online Services will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it. Therefore, if you do not want us to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, please do not submit it to us.
You can use, visit, and browse the Jersey Mike’s Online Services without revealing personally identifiable information about yourself. You may also choose to disclose personally identifiable information about yourself, which may be maintained as described below. The Online Services may collect personally identifiable information about you by methods such as the following:
Registration Forms
If you are offered the opportunity to enter a promotion, to become a registered user of jerseymikes.com, or to opt in to receive Jersey Mike’s information through another site, you must apply by filling out the registration form on the site. This form requires certain personally identifiable information that may include, without limitation, your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, areas of interest, product usage, and/or a unique individual password known only to you.
Transactions and Activity
If you become a registered user or if you conduct transactions through the Online Services, we will collect information about the transactions you engage in while on the Online Services and your other activity on the site. This information may include, without limitation, areas of the Online Services that you visit, transaction type, content that you view, download or submit, transaction amount, payment, and billing information as well as the nature, quantity and price of the goods or services you exchange and the individuals or entities with whom you communicate or transact business. If you consent, we may keep your payment information (or an associated identifier provided by our payment processor) for your use in future purchases.
Email and other voluntary communications
You may also choose to communicate with us through email, via Online Services, by telephone, in writing, or through other means. We collect the information in these communications, and such information may be personally identifiable.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Like most websites that you visit and apps that you use, when you visit the Jersey Mike’s Online Services certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged, which may include information about the type of browser you use, the server name and IP address through which you access the internet, the date and time you access the site, the pages you access while at the Jersey Mike’s Online Services, and the internet address of the Online Services, if any, from which you linked directly to the Jersey Mike’s site. This information is not personally identifiable.
Disclosure of Information
Jersey Mike’s does not provide personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties for their use in marketing directly to you. If you engage in any transaction with us (such as ordering online), we will only disclose this information to affiliates or our owner/operators with your consent. Jersey Mike’s may use unaffiliated companies to help it maintain and operate its Online Services or for other reasons related to the operation of its business, and those companies may have access to your personally identifiable information but only for the administrative purposes of monitoring and maintaining our Online Services. Finally, Jersey Mike’s may disclose personally identifiable information about you in connection with legal requirements, such as in response to an authorized subpoena, court order, warrant, or as otherwise permitted by law.
At this time, we do not track your personally identifiable information over time and across third-party websites, and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track signals. We also do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual user’s online activities over time and across different websites when using our website.
At this time, we do not track your personally identifiable information over time and across third-party Online Services, and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track signals. We also do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual user’s online activities over time and across different Online Services when using our Online Services.
When using our apps, any third-party with whom the app shares user data — such as analytics tools, advertising networks and third-party SDKs, as well as any parent, subsidiary or other related entities that will have access to user data — will provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy and required by the App Store Review Guidelines.
Cookies
The Jersey Mike’s Online Services server, or the servers of companies that are used to operate this site, may place a "cookie" on your computer in order to allow you to use the Online Services and to personalize your experience. A "cookie" is a small piece of data that can be sent by a web server to your computer, which then may be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow us to recognize your computer while you are on our Online Services and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you. Cookies are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories and preserving information between sessions. The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of the Online Services. Most web browser applications (such as Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome and Firefox) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of this Online Services. You can also express your preferences with respect to cookies by going to the National Advertising Initiative’s tool to Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising.
What Do We Do With the Personal Information We Collect?
Jersey Mike’s may use the personally identifiable information collected through its Online Services primarily for such purposes as:
helping to establish and verify the identity of people using the Online Services;
opening, maintaining, administering and servicing accounts or memberships of those using the Online Services;
processing, servicing or enforcing transactions and sending related communications;
providing services and support to persons using the Online Services;
improving the Online Services, including tailoring it to the preferences of persons using this Online Services, including you;
providing persons using the Online Services with product or service updates, promotional notices and offers, and other information about Jersey Mike’s;
responding to your questions, inquiries, comments and instructions;
responding to your inquiries if you would like to receive or provide information to allow us to evaluate your application to become a Jersey Mike’s franchisee;
maintaining the security and integrity of its systems.
Jersey Mike’s uses the non-personally identifiable information collected automatically by its servers primarily to help it administer and improve its Online Services. We may also use aggregated anonymous information to provide information about its Online Services to potential business partners and other unaffiliated entities.
How Do We Protect the Personal Information We Collect?
Jersey Mike’s maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help guard personally identifiable information. If transactions are offered on the site, transaction information is transmitted to and from Jersey Mike’s in encrypted form using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connections to help protect such information from interception. Jersey Mike’s restricts authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information to provide products or services to you and those persons you have authorized to have access to such information. Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception. We require user names and passwords to access sensitive data. Unless you authorize unencrypted transmission, we will use industry standard encryption methods to protect your data transmission.
How Do You Opt Out?
In order to provide service to you, we may send you communications related to your transactions, security or the administration of its Online Services. From time to time, Jersey Mike’s and its affiliates may also wish to send you other messages or updates about our Online Services, Jersey Mike’s, our affiliates, or their promotions and other activities. If you do not wish to receive non-transaction/security related communications from Jersey Mike’s and its affiliates, please use our contact form to let us know.
If you do not wish to receive email marketing messages, please use our contact form to let us know. In addition, every email correspondence Jersey Mike’s sends contains instructions on how to stop additional marketing emails.
How Do You Correct and Update Your Personal Information?
You can change or correct your account information at any time, or request deletion of your account. We retain your personal information unless otherwise directed.
You can update your Email Club settings from the link at the bottom of any of the marketing emails we send you, from your account profile page, or send your corrections using our contact form.
What is Our Privacy Policy If You Are Under 13 Years of Age?
The Online Services is directed toward and designed for use by persons aged 13 or older. Jersey Mike’s will not approve applications of, or establish or maintain registrations for any child whom Jersey Mike’s knows to be under the age of 13. Jersey Mike’s does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If Jersey Mike’s nevertheless discovers that it has received personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom Jersey Mike’s otherwise has reason to believe is, under the age of 13, Jersey Mike’s will delete such information from its systems. Additionally, a child's parent or legal guardian may request that the child's information be deleted from our files by requesting this via our contact form.
What Happens When We Update Our Privacy Policy?
Jersey Mike’s reserves the right to modify or supplement this policy at any time. If we make any material changes to our Policy, we will post a notice about the change at a prominent location on our web site. If you are a member of our Email Club, we will email you a notice of such changes.
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
If you are a resident of California, you may have the right under applicable law to make certain requests about the personal information we maintain about you, and who we disclose it to.
Personal Information we collect includes personal identifiers, select information from customer records, purchasing history, and Internet activity.
We may use your personal information for business purposes.
These include:
performing services, security, debugging/repair, auditing, internal research, and quality and safety maintenance and verification.
We also may use your personal information for our own commercial purposes.
Your rights include:
(1) Request disclosure of use or sharing: You have the right under applicable law to request a copy of the following regarding your personal information:
(a) The categories of personal information we collected about you; (b) The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (c) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; (d) The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; and (e) The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
(2) Request deletion of personal information:
You have the right under applicable law to request that we delete your personal information (subject to certain exceptions).
(3) Right to object to sales:
To the extent we sell or share your personal information with third parties (excluding service providers, facilitating transactions, legal purposes and other such circumstances), you have the right under applicable law to direct us not to do so.
Currently, we do not sell or share personal information in a way that would give you a right to opt out.
You can exercise one of these rights by emailing us at privacy@jerseymikes.com, or by calling us at 1-877-321-4044, and asking to speak with a representative about CCPA.
Further, in connection with Shore Points® we may offer you a financial incentive for your personal information.
Each such program will be offered on an opt-in basis.
You can opt out at any time.
Interactive Advertising Notice
We may allow third-party companies, including ad networks, to serve advertisements, provide other advertising services and/or collect certain information when you visit our website.
Third-party companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visit to this web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
We may use non-cookie technologies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity including your activities on this website. These technologies may be used directly on this website. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these non-cookie technologies, and those browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on such techniques.
To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising by those third parties that are members of self-regulatory programs such as the Network Advertising Initiative, please visit the NAI’s website www.networkadvertising.org which will allow you to opt out of Interest-Based Advertising by one, or all, NAI members.
This app may allow third-party companies, such as ad networks, to serve advertisements, provide services, and/or collect certain information when you visit our mobile app.
Third-party companies may use information such as mobile advertising identifiers, app usage, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked, and/or precise location data through this mobile app in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that are likely to be of greater interest to you.
To learn more about Cross-App Advertising, please visit www.networkadvertising.org. You can find instructions on how to use consumer choice mechanisms provided by major mobile operating systems here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
What If You Have Questions?
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us using our contact form.