http://www.aeroel.it/en/en/component/content/article/61-inglese/legal/308-privacy-sito.html
YouTube
You are here: Home
COOKIES NOTICE:
To provide the best possible service, we use cookies, also third party, on this site. Continuing the navigation you consent to use them
Learn more
I understand
HomeCompany ProfileProductsIndustry SectorsTechnologyQuality SystemNews & EventsGalleries & DownloadContacts
Personal data privacy policy for the website www.aeroel.it
Dear user,Aeroel srl (hereinafter "Aeroel") shall respect and protect your privacy.We remind you that this Privacy Policy is regulated by Italian law, and in particular by the Personal Data Protection Code (Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003) and by the European Regulation 2016/679 GDPR, entering into force on 25th May 2018. Together the Code and the Regulation guarantee that the personal data be processed in accordance with fundamental rights and liberties, as well as in respect of the dignity of the interested party, particularly as concerns confidentiality, personal identity and the right to protection of personal data.
We hereby provide the following Privacy policy concerning the processing of personal data of users who interact with the Aeroel website (hereinafter the "Users") starting from the website www.aeroel.it (hereinafter the "Website").
This privacy policy relates solely to the treatment of personal data processed by Aeroel during and in connection with browsing on Website. Specific privacy policies will be reported or displayed in the pages of the Website designed for the provision of special services upon request.
The Data controller
The Data controller of the personal data concerning Users of the Website is AEROEL S.R.L. a socio unico - Società soggetta a direzione e coordinamento di Marposs S.p.A. a socio unicoCapitale Sociale i.v. € 49.400 - Codice Fiscale, P.IVA e Numero Registro Imprese di Udine IT00518830302REA UD 0141686 - N° Iscrizione Registro A.E.E. IT08020000000891 Via Pier Paolo Pasolini, 35/3 33040 Pradamano (UD) - ITALYPhone +39 0432671301 - Fax +39 0432671543 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. - http://www.aeroel.it
Purpose of data processing
User data is collected and used to allow to browse the Website, enhance the browsing experience and reply to any requests and messages from Users.
Type of data processed
Browsing data: computer systems and software procedures used to operate this Website acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit when using internet communication protocols. This information is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties, but due to its very nature it could allow to identify Users through processing and associations with data held by third parties. This data category includes IP addresses or computer domain names employed by Users who connect to the Website, URI notation addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier) of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in reply, the numerical code indicating the status of the reply given by the server (e.g. successful, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the operating system and the computer environment of the User. This data is used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the Website, to check it is working correctly and improve the browsing experience of Users. Said data is cancelled immediately after processing. The data may be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer offences to the detriment of the Website.Data provided voluntarily by Users: the optional, explicit and voluntary forwarding of data in web forms or via e-mail to the addresses indicated in this Website entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender's address, required to answer his/her requests, along with any other personal data entered in the message.
Optional provision of data
With the exception of what has been specified for browsing data, the User is free to provide personal data to request the forwarding of informative material or other communications. Failure to provide them may mean it is not possible to obtain the requested service.How the data is processedProcessing is carried out through automated tools (e.g. using procedures and electronic media) and/or manually (e.g. on paper) for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data was collected and, in any case, in compliance with applicable regulations in force. Specific security measures are followed to prevent loss of data, illegal or incorrect use and unauthorised access.
Storage Period
Personal data linked to the purchase will be stored for at least 10 years to comply with tax and civil law. Moreover, the data linked to the purchase may be stored for a longer period of time considering the interest demonstrated by the clients to be updated on the products and events of AEROEL srl.
Cookies and Javascript codes
The Website may use web tracking systems, such as cookies or Javascript codes. These are computer records containing information sent from a web server to the user's computer for future identification of that computer in the event of future visits to the same website. These tools make it easier to analyse web traffic, allow the Website to work properly and enable web applications to send information to individual users.With reference to Users of the Website that intend to just browse it without filling out forms or sending personal data voluntarily – and without prejudice to what is later stated with reference to specific software – cookies are not used to transmit personal information, nor are any kind of so-called persistent cookies, i.e. user tracking systems.Session cookies used on this Website to avoid using other techniques potentially prejudicial to the privacy of users' browsing and do not allow the acquisition of personal identification data. The user can, at any time, delete cookies from his/her system in different ways based on the browser used or set the browser so as not to accept cookies and disable Javascripts. However, in this case there is no guarantee concerning the correct operation of all the tools that the website puts at your disposal.This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", i.e. text files that are stored on your computer to help the Website analyse how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie on the use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on Google's servers in the United States. Google will use this information in order to trace and examine your use of the Website, compile reports on Website activities for Aeroel and provide other services relating to Website activities and internet use. Google may also transfer this information to third parties, when required to do so by law or in cases where such third parties process the above-mentioned information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse to use cookies by selecting the appropriate setting on your browser, but this may prevent you from using all the features of this Website. By using this Website, the User agrees to the processing of his/her data by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To view Google's Privacy policy regarding the Google Analytics service, please visit https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en. To learn about Google's privacy policy, please visit the website https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
User rights recognized by the privacy law
The personal data provided will be used to send the requested technical and commercial information relating to products and services of Aeroel srl. The data may be transmitted by us to companies part of Aeroel in your home country and/or in other countries to allow the firms involved and/or their business and assistance networks to carry out the necessary activities in relation to the information and/or services requested.
Diritti riconosciuti dalla legge privacy all’utente
A user always has the right to obtain from Aeroel srl. confirmation of whether or not personal data concerning him/her exists, even if it is not yet recorded, and to have it communicated to him/her in an intelligible form. A user also has the right to obtain information about the source of personal data; the purposes and methods of processing it, the logic applied in the event of processing that is performed with the aid of electronic instruments; the identification details of the controller and data processors; and indication of the persons or categories of persons whose personal data may be communicated, or who could end up being known by, for example, data processors or agents as data supervisors or data processors. A user also has the right to request an update, correction or, when s/he has an interest in doing so, an inclusion of personal data, deletion, conversion to an anonymous form or the blocking of personal data, that has been processed in violation of the law, including data which it is not necessary to keep in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently processed; a statement that the above operations were disclosed, including in terms of their content, to those parties to whom the data was communicated, except in the case in which such performance proves impossible or entails the use of methods that are clearly disproportionate to the right protected. The user can also ask for the portability of his/her data.A user nevertheless has the right to object, in part or in full, for legitimate reasons, the processing of personal data concerning him/her, even if it is pertinent to the scope of the collection, the processing of personal data concerning him/her for the purposes of sending advertising or direct marketing materials, or to conduct market research or commercial communications and he has the right to ask restriction of processing concerning itself. The right to object may also be exercised specifically with regard to one or more methods of sending marketing communications. The user also has the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority as well as the right to withdraw the consent previously given.
Links to other websites
This privacy policy applies solely to the Website. The Website contains links to third-party websites that are not controlled in any way by Aeroel. The Website also contains links to content on third-party websites (e.g. video files) that is not controlled in any way by Aeroel. Therefore, Aeroel shall not be responsible for the processing of personal data by such third parties.
Useful contacts
Aeroel srl via Pier Paolo Pasolini 35/3 33040 – Pradamano (UD) – ItaliaTel. +39 0432 671301Fax: +39 0432 671543E-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
HIGHLIGHTS
Wire 2020
OUR HEAD OFFICE
AEROEL S.r.l.Via Pier Paolo Pasolini, 35/333040 Pradamano (UD) - ITALY
Tel. +39 0432 671301Fax +39 0432 671543This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
CONTACTS
Sales Departmenttel: +39 0432 671301 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Service Departmenttel: +39 0432 671305 Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
CERTIFICATIONS
AEROEL S.R.L. a socio unico - Società soggetta a direzione e coordinamento di Marposs S.p.A. a socio unicoCAP.SOC.INT.VERS. € 49.400 - C.F.-P.IVA e NR REGISTRO IMPRESE di UDINE IT00518830302 - R.E.A. UD 0141686 - N° ISCRIZIONE REGISTRO A.E.E. IT08020000000891Codice Destinatario (SdI) AU7YEU4
Home
Privacy
Cookies
Warranty Terms
General Selling Conditions
copyright @ Aeroel S.r.l. 2017
Progetto cofinanziato con il Fondo Europeo di Sviluppo Regionale del Programma Operativo Regionale del Friuli Venezia Giulia Obiettivo "Competitività Regionale e Occupazione" programmazione 2007/2013