http://www.golfingcareers.com/footerpages/privacy.asp
Privacy Statement
GolfingCareers.com is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We want to provide a safe, secure user environment. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information submitted to us remains private, and is used only for the purposes as set forth herein.
Information About GolfingCareers.com Visitors
GolfingCareers.com does collect information about all of our users; such as what area users visit most frequently and what services the users access the most. This data is only used to benefit you the user. From this data we can determine what is most beneficial to the user and how we can better the users experience. We may share this data with our partners, but only so they too can understand our users.
Information about You, the GolfingCareers.com Visitor
In some instances, such as when you enter a resume, enter a contest or respond to a survey, we may ask for information including but not limited to the following: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number. We may use this information to alert you of new products and services or upcoming events.
General Information Disclosure
We do not disclose information about our visitors to GolfingCareers.com, or any personal information, such as name, address, email address, telephone number, etc. to any outside parties, except when we believe the law requires it.
Resumes on GolfingCareers.com
As GolfingCareers.com is a career site, you, the visitor, have the option of posting your resume in our database. Resumes stay active for 180 days from the last update.
After 180 days, the resume becomes inactive and is no data is accessible.
There are two ways of doing this:
If you post your resume to the searchable database, then all recruiters who pay for access to our resume database product will have access to your resume. GolfingCareers.com uses its best efforts to grant access to this database to only paying recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters, and human resource professional. However, we are not responsible if some other third party, such as someone posing as the aforementioned and paying for the service, evades security measures and gains access to the database, and subsequently, your resume. You may request that your resume be removed from our database at anytime. However, recruiters who have paid for access to the database may have retained your resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes in these instances.
If you post your resume to the searchable database, but desire your contact information to be unavailable, GolfingCareers provides that alternative to you as well.
Updating Account Information
GolfingCareers.com allow you to
change or correct your personal information at any time. To do so,
simply log into you're GolfingCareers account, and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with GolfingCareers.com, we use a feature on your internet browser called a "cookie". Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies for remembering user names and passwords and preferences, tracking click streams, and for load balancing. Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalized site experience. You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our site.
Feedback
GolfingCareers.com has an area on the site where you can submit feedback. Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes property of GolfingCareers.com. We may use this feedback, such as success storied, for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the site.
Children
We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parents' consent prior to giving personal information. If you are concerned about your child's use of GolfingCareers.com, we encourage you to use Web filtering technology to supervise your child's access to the site. We also encourage you to participate in your child's experience with GolfingCareers.com. With a little guidance, the site can prove very useful in finding a part time or summer job for your child, as well as providing them with excellent career counseling information.
Privacy Commitment Changes
If we decide to change our privacy commitment for GolfingCareers.com, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about GolfingCareers.com's privacy commitment please feel free to email us at sales@GolfingCareers.com..
About Us |
Privacy Statement |
Terms of Use |
Contact Us |
Site Map |
Browse Jobs |
Employer FAQs |
JobSeeker FAQs |
Feedback
© 2020 Golfing Careers. All rights reserved.