http://www.neilpryde.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
HomeWindsurf
Sails
2021
2020
2019
BoomsMastsExtensionsBasesProduct Info
Sail Shaping
Sail Features
Mast Bend Curve
Foils
Glide Wind HPGlide Surf HPFlight FRSpare PartsProduct Info
Foil Usage Guide
Compatibility Chart
Foiling Guide
Waterwear
Mens
Wetsuits
Neo Tops & Jackets
Rashguards
Base Layers
Harnesses
Womens
Wetsuits
Neo Tops & Jackets
Rashguards
Base Layers
Youth
Cortex
Rise
Rashguards
Product Info
Product Care
Size Charts
Accessories
HarnessesImpact VestsFlotation VestsGlovesBootiesHoods & BeaniesHelmetsKitesurfing AccessoriesSurf/SUP AccessoriesWindsurfing AccessoriesBags
One Design
RS:X
About
User Guide
Warranty
Products
RS:One
About
User Guide
Warranty
Products
AboutAthletes
International Rider TeamNational Rider TeamVideo
FAQ
Account
Cart
Your cart is empty
We care a great deal about our customers' privacy and the trust that you put in us when sharing your personal information.
This Privacy Policy outlines our practices on data collection so that you are confident your personal information is secure and free from abuse and misuse. By visiting neilpryde.com (the “Website”), you accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Who is the Data Controller of your personal data?
Neil Pryde Limited (“NEILPRYDE”)
Address: 20/F YKK Building - Phase 2, No. 2 San Lik Street, Tuen Mun, Hong Kong
Telephone: (852) 2456 6566
Fax: (852) 2456 3471
Email: privacy@neilpryde.com
For what purposes do we process your personal data?
We use the information that you provide us for responding your requests, communicating with you and improving your website experience. You provide such information when you search, buy, participate in a contest or questionnaire, and communicate with customer service or sign-up for a newsletter. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with information such as your name, address and phone number, credit card information or people to whom purchases have been shipped (including addresses and phone numbers).
We also use the information that you provide to us, as the case may be, to handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us, as well as to improve our store and platform, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website.
Data storage and recovery devices (cookies)[1]
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use cookies and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses the Website. We would like to make you aware that tools do exist to allow you to browse websites anonymously, however, this will mean that we will be unable to provide you with a more customized experience.
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version; operating system and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create marketing campaigns; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time); cookie number; products you viewed or searched for. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
You can configure your browser to accept or refuse all the cookies or to receive a notice in your computer informing of the reception of each cookie and to decide in that moment its introduction. The procedures for blocking and deleting cookies may be different from one Internet browser to another, so that we ask you to check carefully the instructions provided by your Internet browser, such as the following:
Configuration of Internet Explorer cookies
Configuration of Firefox cookies
Configuration of Google Chrome cookies
Configuration of Safari cookies
These browsers are subject to upgrades or modifications so NEILPRYDE cannot guarantee that they are totally adapted to your browser version.
Do we share the information that we receive through our website?
We absolutely hate receiving spam e-mail and would never want to inflict this on anyone, especially our customers. As a result we will never sell your personal information to any third parties.
We do, however, have certain Third Party Service Providers who perform important business functions on our behalf. These include: processing credit card transactions, fulfilling orders and delivering packages. They have access to personal data needed to carry out their functions, but they may not use it for other purposes. We require that all our Third Party Service Providers process personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as well as the rest of requirements foreseen by Law.
With your consent, other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How secure is your information?
We protect the security of your transaction information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any passwords you have with us and we recommend that you do not submit sensitive financial information on shared or public computers.
What is your policy concerning children using the Website?
We do not sell products to minor. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 years old, you may use our online store functions only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Additionally, we will never knowingly collect information from children under of the age of 13. If it comes to our attention that a customer under the age of 13 years old has provided Personal Information to us, we will remove all such information from our files. However, we may still maintain a record of that person's name and address in a do not register file in order to avoid a subsequent registration.
How do I remove myself from your mailing lists?
At the bottom of every e-mail that we send out is an unsubscribe link. You can opt out by clicking this link or logging onto our website and sending us an e-mail using the form on the Contact Us page. However, we may still maintain a copy of your personal information in an inactive customer file for our own internal reference.
Conditions of use, notices, and revisions
It will be necessary to fill in the fields marked as "mandatory" in the Website; otherwise, it could imply an incomplete attention of the request.  If you choose to visit our Website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy. If you have any concern about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our Privacy Policy unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
What rights do you have when you provide us your personal data?
You can exercise your right of access to personal data, as well as request the rectification of inaccurate data or, where appropriate, request its erasure when the data is no longer necessary for the purposes that were collected. You also may request the restriction, data portability and opposition of your data, in certain circumstances and for reasons related to your particular situation.
Likewise, you have the right to revoke your consent at any time without it retroactively affecting the processing of personal data made up to that moment. You may exercise the rights above referred, under the terms and conditions provided in the law in force, by email to privacy@neilpryde.com.
In the event that users do not obtain a satisfactory answer and want to file a claim or obtain more information about any of these rights, users can file a claim before the Supervisory Authority.
* * * *