http://www.landmarkhealth.com/privacy-policy
Our Team
Philosophy
History
Services
Facilities
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Disclosure of Privacy Principles to Customers:
Thank you for visiting the Landmark Company Web Site and reviewing our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is clear:We will collect no personal information about you when you
visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
We recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and
use our best efforts to comply with laws and regulations designed to
maintain that privacy.We encourage you to take the time to read this privacy policy.This policy covers only the Landmark web site: www.landmarkhealth.com.Information Collected and Stored Automatically:In general, when you visit our web sites and access
information you remain anonymous. If you do nothing during your visit
but browse through the web site, read pages or download information, we
only will gather and store general information (not personal) about your
visit automatically. We use this information to help us make our site
more useful to visitors - to learn about the number of visitors to our
site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or
record information about individuals and their visits. This information
does not identify you personally.We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you
use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if
you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an
IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer
whenever
you are surfing the Web) from which you access our web site.The type of browser and operating system used to access our siteThe date and time you access our siteThe pages you visitIf you linked to the Landmark Health Solutions web site from another web site, the address of that web siteOur web site does not use cookies. A cookie is a small piece
of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on
your computer's hard drive.If You Send Us Personal Information:If you choose to provide us with personal information, as
in an e-mail address or by filling out a form with your personal
information and submitting it to us through our web site, we use that
information to respond to your message and to help us get you the
information you have requested. We do not collect personal information
for any purpose other than to respond to you. We do not create
individual profiles with the information you provide or to give it to
any private organizations. We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy, that
means that we do not sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address
or other personal information to a third-party.Links to Other Sites:Our web site may have links to many other sites, at our
discretion. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the
privacy policy of the new site. We assume no responsibility for any link
on our web site.Limiting Employee Access to Information:Information that we have about you is available to our
employees on a need to know basis so they can do their jobs. Our
employees are prohibited from giving information about you to anyone in a
manner that would violate any applicable law or our privacy policy.
Employees are trained to understand the importance of confidentiality
and will not discuss or disclose any information about you unless
specifically required to transact business with you.Children:None of the Web sites covered by this policy knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13.
If we discover
that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with any
personally identifiable information, we will immediately delete that
information from our systems.Landmark Health Solutions encourages parents to go online
with their children. Parents should understand the sites their kids are
visiting and which sites are appropriate. There are parental control
tools available, such as address filtering software, that prevent
children from accessing
inappropriate sites. Children should never give out personal
information on the Internet, such as name, address, phone number, or
name of school, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Look
for a privacy policy on a web site and find out how information
collected from children is treated. Parents should teach their children
to look for sites that display a privacy policy.Questions?Landmark Health Solutions welcomes comments and questions
on this policy. We are dedicated to protecting your personal
information, and will make every reasonable effort to keep that
information secure. Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the
Internet, we may occasionally update this policy. All revisions will be
posted to this site.Questions regarding this policy should be directed to
Landmark Health Solutions by telephone at: 978-372-4004 or by writing to
us at: 57 Wingate Street, Haverhill, MA 01832.Disclosure of Privacy Principles to Customers:Customers may obtain a copy of this policy by:Printing a copy of this policy from our web siteRequesting a copy by telephone at 978-372-4004Writing to us at: 57 Wingate Street, Haverhill, MA 01832