http://www.managementfutures.co.uk/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About Us
Management Futures Consulting Ltd is dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments please email us using the form on the Contact page.
Our Contact details:
Management Futures Consulting Ltd, 409 Metal Box Factory, 30 Great Guildford Street, London SE1 0HS
Phone: +44(0)207 928 4841
Email: info@managementfutures.co.uk
VAT Registration Number 134 8753 94
Registered in England No. 6036084
Management Futures Consulting Ltd
Registered Office: Brinkley, Middle Road, Tiptoe, Lymington SO41 6FX
Making A Purchase
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on 'Checkout' and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.
We accept credit card payment. If you are shopping from outside the United Kingdom, place your order and your credit card company will convert the transaction to your own currency.
We accept Visa and Mastercard. We do not charge for any item until it is ready to ship. Back ordered items are not charged until they are shipped. You may send your credit card information via phone or normal post.
When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Shipping And Handling
Shipping and handling charges vary, depending on both the product purchased and the quantity ordered, with discounts available on some products for bulk purchases. Please contact us for more information.
Delivery Schedule
We normally dispatch goods on the same day of order. We cannot guarantee precise delivery times, but for UK orders, goods dispatched via Royal Mail 1st class generally take 24-48 hours, while those dispatched via Parcel Force will take roughly 48 hours. International delivery times cannot be guaranteed and will depend on location, but we always endeavour to use the most appropriate method of delivery.
Back Orders
If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait.
Tax Charges
Books are VAT-free but CDs and Courses are not.
For orders made from the UK or the European Union, where delivery is by means other than Royal Mail or its overseas equivalent, 20% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free. Where delivery is made by any agent other than Royal Mail or its overseas equivalent, VAT will be added to the delivery charge.
Credit Card Security
When the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site. See also under our Privacy Policy page.
Guarantee
We guarantee your satisfaction. All of our products come with a 30 day no quibble guarantee.
Reaching Us
If you need to reach us, please email info@managementfutures.co.uk or by using the contact form on the Contact page. You can also call on 0207 928 4841 (International +44 207 928 4841) or write to us at:
409 Metal Box Factory, 30 Great Guildford Street, London SE1 0HS
Privacy Policy
Management Futures Consulting Ltd does not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed.
Home
What We Do
Our People
Our Clients
Books
Insight
Contact
My Basket (0)
We use cookies to give you the best possible online experience. If you continue, we'll assume you are happy for your web browser to receive all cookies from our website. See our privacy policy for more information.