https://www.ukofficialservices.co.uk/m_terms.aspx
Welcome to UK Official Services!
Home
Track Your Order
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Terms of Service
This page contains our terms of service and statutory information concerning
your rights.
1. Who we are
We act as agents, whether you require a replacement certificate, translation, legalisation or consular services. We are not affiliated with the Identity and Passport office, or any other government body.
2. Searches & Refunds
UK Official Services searches are based on the information provided by you and we
cannot be responsible for any false or inaccurate information supplied, this may results in receipt
of the wrong certificate and that UK Official Records will not be liable.
Record searches from 2006 onwards are undetaken on microfiche and can exceed the timescales provided.
If we are unable to identify the Birth, Marriage or Death certificate based on the
information provided, a refund would be provided minus the administration fee.
When undertaking searches for Decree Absolutes, it is assumed that the Decree
Absolute exists. In the event that no match has been found within the search years
required, no refund will be given. We will do our upmost to assist you in determining
the details provided.
3. Cancellation
In respect of the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013, I have attached the exception to the services provided:
Exemption:
There are some circumstances where the Consumer Contracts Regulations won’t give you a right to cancel.
- This includes personalised items.
4. Our process
All certificates supplied are original or certified copies created by the official registers
and departments specified and will be acceptable to all agencies.
When requesting services from our site you agree to comply with the on-line ordering
procedure as prompted on our site. By accessing the content of our (the website) you
agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out herein and you accept our
privacy policy. If you object to any of the terms and conditions set out in this
agreement you should not purchase any of the products or services on the Website.
We do not amend or alter the information given to us by you so please ensure that you
complete the forms accurately.
5. If we make a mistake
In the unlikely event that we make a mistake, we will send you a corrected certificate
as soon as you notify us of our mistake, you must do that within 7 days.
6. What we will do with your information
We will use the information that you supply to us, to obtain a replacement certificate
for yourself.
Once your certificate has been created and dispatched.
7. What we will not do with your information
UK Official Records Ltd is a registered company under the UK Data Protection Act
(1998).
This means that we will always protect the information in our care, and never use
your personal information for marketing purposes without asking you.
Data Protection registration: Z9905268.
8. Despatch
Please note that we will only process your certificate once your payment has been
processed, we attempt to process all orders within the specified time frame.
Record searches from 2006 onwards are undetaken on microfiche and can exceed the timescales provided.
Our normal despatch is via 1st or 2nd class post by Royal Mail we cannot be held
responsible for any non receipt or damaged certificates. We highly recommend you
place your order via Recorded Delivery for peace of mind.
Despatch times quoted are given in good faith and whilst in around 99% of the
ordered products are adhered to they do not form part of our contract the given time is
based on working days and is deemed to commence on the next working day
following receipt of order.
9. Privacy
We respect your privacy by the enforcement of a strict company privacy policy. We
will never contact you via unsolicited email. In accordance with the Privacy &
Electronic Communications Act passed into law 11 Dec 03 - We do not send random
marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam). We conform with the
requirements of the Data Protection Act, 1998. We have no affiliation to the Passport
Office, Registry Office or UK Border Agency. Use of the term 'DVLA' is only for the
purposes of describing the certificates uses.
10. Complaints & Correspondence
Complaints can be made in writing to the address shown below or via email to:
info@UKOfficialRecords.co.uk
UK Official Records, 4200 Waterside Centre,
Birmingham, B37 7YN
Company registration number:	08223055
VAT registration number:	GB 150 511 260
Data Protection registration:	Z9905268
Your Statutory rights are not affected by any of these terms and conditions. We
reserve the right not to accept or fulfill your orders at any time without giving a
reason.
11. Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where
services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts
of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include
small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally. Please
view our Cookie Policy
12. Security
We have a detailed security policy in place to ensure that your data is safe. All
transactions are conducted on our secure server and all your data is kept on fully
secure internal servers with full 128bit encryption.
13. Days
A normal day is a working day between Monday and Friday before 3:00pm, except
Bank Holidays.
14. Prices
Prices are subject to change without notice and are inclusive of VAT.
15. Force Majeure
We shall not be liable to you for any breach of the terms and
conditions or any failure to provide or delay in providing our services through our site
resulting from any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including
breakdown of systems or network access, or loss/damaged and delay of postal
deliveries by Royal Mail.
We are not obliged to accept any request or to continue to perform any service. We
reserve the right to reject any request or to discontinue the performance of our service
without liability.
Variation We reserve the right at any time without notice to revise the content of our
website (including the services offered by us) and the terms and conditions. The
current version of our terms and conditions will be posted on our site and by
continuing to use our site you will signify that you agree to be bound by those terms
and conditions as amended from time to time.
16. Governing law and jurisdiction
The Contract (including any non-contractual matters) is governed by the law of England and Wales.
Disputes can be submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales or, where the Customer lives in Scotland or Northern Ireland, in the courts of respectively Scotland or Northern Ireland.
Additional Services
Birth Certificates
England & Wales Birth Certificate
Scotland Birth Certificate
Northern Ireland Birth Certificate
Republic of Ireland Birth Certificate
British Overseas Citizens Birth Certificate
Marriage Certificates
England & Wales Marriage Certificate
Scotland Marriage Certificate
Northern Ireland Marriage Certificate
Republic of Ireland Marriage Certificate
British Overseas Citizens Marriage Certificate
Death Certificates
England & Wales Death Certificate
Scotland Death Certificate
Northern Ireland Death Certificate
Republic of Ireland Death Certificate
British Overseas Citizens Death Certificate
Adoption Certificates
England & Wales Adoption Certificate
Scotland Adoption Certificate
Northern Ireland Adoption Certificate
Republic of Ireland Adoption Certificate
Decree Absolute
England & Wales Decree Absolute
Scotland Decree Absolute
Northern Ireland Decree Absolute
Apostille
England & Wales Apostille
Scotland Apostille
Northern Ireland Apostille
Republic of Ireland Apostille
Birth Certificate Apostille
Marriage Certificate Apostille
Death Certificate Apostille
Will/Probate Apostille
Decree Absolute Apostille
Apostille for Students
Apostille for Work
Apostille for Court Documents
Embassy Legalisation
© 2013-2020 UK Official Services is a Trading Name of UK Official Records Ltd, a Company Registered in England and Wales number 08223055
terms & conditions |
privacy & cookie policy |
sitemap