http://www.iowabankers.com/aspx/iba/privacypolicy.aspx
_default.asp
Bank Directory
_default.asp
About
Education/Training
Government Relations
Compliance
Products & Services
Membership
Human Resources
Contact Us
History Board of Directors Committee Directory Staff Directory Industry Links IBA Regional System
Event Calendar ABA Training Courses Bank Director Resources Conferences Convention Insurance & Continuing Education Additional Resources Peer Group Coordination Schools On-Demand Webinars Image Use Policy
Legislative Action Center BUILD I-LEAD Issues and Advocacy Legislator Look-Up Voter Education
COVID-19 Regulatory FAQs Compliance Products & Services Compliance Publications Bankers Compliance Resources Compliance FAQs Compliance Clips On-Demand Training Compliance Briefs
HR Products & Services Government Relations Products & Services Marketing & Communications Resources Associate Members Members-Only Tools Endorsed Vendors Built by You, Backed by Iowa Banks
Bank Membership Associate Membership Volunteer Opportunities
HR Products & Services Internship Program Career Center ABA Careers in Banking HR Resources Fitness Discounts
Driving Directions Office Location Staff Directory
Iowa Bankers Insurance & Services, Inc. Iowa Bankers Mortgage Corporation
privacy
Privacy Policy
Iowa Bankers Association
8800 NW 62nd Avenue
Johnston, IA 50131
Toll-Free: 800-532-1423
Local: 515-286-4300
Fax: 515-280-4140
Privacy
Privacy Policy:Privacy
The Iowa Bankers Association recognizes and respects our responsibility to protect our members' private information. The success of an organization, like ours, depends heavily on the level of trust and confidence it enjoys with its members. In continuing our commitment to provide quality service to our members, Iowa Bankers Association has adopted the following privacy statement for officers, directors and employees. This privacy statement applies to individuals, and Iowa Bankers Association reserves the right to amend it at any time.
Our Internet Web Site
Visitors to the Iowa Bankers Association web site remain anonymous. We do not collect personal identifying information about site users, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Standard software is used to collect and store ONLY the following non-identifying information about our visitors: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account, or iastate.edu if you are connecting Iowa State University's domain); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. If you submit an online application, it will be transmitted over a secure connection using encryption, and will alert you to this fact. This is the case where confidential information, such as your account number or social security number is requested. Visitors may elect to provide us with personal information via e-mail or our feedback form. This information is used internally, as appropriate, to handle the sender's request and manage the Iowa Bankers Association web site. It is not disseminated or sold to other organizations. Visitors should, however, keep in mind e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If you do not agree with the use of this information, or are not comfortable with the level of privacy, please use the clear button in on-line forms, or cancel an e-mail before it is sent. Visitors should call us directly at 1-800-532-1423 if requests or statements include sensitive or private information, such as your account numbers, credit card numbers or social security number.
Collection, Use and Retention of Customer Information
We collect, use and retain information about our customers only where we reasonably believe it would be useful in administering our business, and providing products, services, and other opportunities to our customers. We collect and retain information only for specific business purposes - and will tell you why we are collecting and retaining it upon your request by mail. We use information to protect and administer our customers' records, accounts, and funds; to comply with certain laws and regulations; to help design or improve our products and services; and to understand your financial needs and provide you quality products and outstanding service. If you send us e-mail, we may retain the content of the e-mail and your e-mail address in order to respond to questions or concerns that you may have expressed.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
We have implemented procedures to help assure that our members' financial information is accurate, current, and complete in accordance with commercial standards. While some procedures are required by federal or state law, we also have procedures for responding to requests to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner, and to update information and remove old information. Members should notify us immediately at Iowa Bankers Association, 8800 NW 62nd Avenue, Johnston, IA 50131-6200 if they receive information regarding their relationship with us that they believe to be inaccurate.
Limited Employee Access to Information
We have procedures and security levels that limit employee access to personally identifiable information to those with a business reason to know such information. The importance of confidentiality and customer privacy is addressed in the employee handbook. Appropriate disciplinary measures are taken to enforce employee privacy responsibilities.
Restrictions on the Disclosures of Account Information
We do not reveal specific information about our customers' accounts or other personally identifiable data unless (1) our customer has requested or authorized it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction initiated by our customers; (3) the information is provided to a reputable credit bureau or similar information reporting agency; or (4) disclosure is lawfully permitted or required.
Maintaining Customer Privacy in Business Relationships with Outside Third Parties
At times it is necessary to provide personally identifiable information about our customers to a third party, such as a vendor or service company we hire to provide support or services for one or more of our products. These vendors and service companies agree to safeguard our confidential customer information and must abide by applicable law. We may also share customer information with affiliates of Iowa Bankers Association in order for our customers to receive information about products and services we believe to be of interest to them. You have right to limit this sharing and use of information by contacting us and making a request in writing. In addition, at your request, we will put your name on a "Do Not Call" list, excluding you from telephone solicitations by Iowa Bankers Association or any of our affiliates. To do this, contact us at Iowa Bankers Association, 8800 NW 62nd Avenue, PO Box 6200, Johnston, IA 50131-6200, and make a request in writing.
Image Use Policy
Registration in Iowa Bankers Association (IBA) events and activities constitutes an agreement by the attendee to the IBA’s use and distribution, both current and future, of the attendee’s image or voice in photographs, videotapes, electronic reproductions and audiotapes of such events and activities. Attendees waive any right to inspect or approve the finished materials and agree that all such pictures, video or audio recordings, and any reproduction thereof, shall remain the property of the IBA to use at its discretion. Consent is binding, perpetual and may not be revoked.
If you believe Iowa Bankers Association has misused information obtained through this web site, or if you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact Anthony Parrish at 1-800-532-1423 or by email at aparrish@iowabankers.com to resolve any disputes.
Login
User Name:
Password:
Request a login.
Forgot your password?
Login Help
Quicklinks
Legislative Action Center
Member Publications
Media Center
Bank Directory
Event Calendar
Career Center
Disclosure
Iowa Bankers Insurance & Services (IBIS) offers Iowa banks a full line of insurance products.
learn more
Iowa Bankers Mortgage Corp. (IBMC) offers the products & experience Iowa banks need in the secondary mortgage market.
learn more
Home
About
Education/Training
Government Relations
Compliance
Products & Services
Membership
Human Resources
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Copyright 2020, Iowa Bankers Association