http://www.skinnywater.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Privacy policy
(Version 1.0.1, updated 10-29-2018)
Skinny Health & Wellness, LLC (“Skinny,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) has developed this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy and we encourage you to read it carefully. The Privacy Policy is intended to describe for you, as an individual who is a visitor, user or customer of a website or web presence owned or operated by Skinny (the “Service”), the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. By using the Service, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Information Do We Collect About You?
We collect any information you enter on the Service. The information that we collect may vary depending on the nature of your visit and how you use the Service.
When you place an order with us, personally identifiable information is collected such as name, email address and phone number. We will also collect your shipping and billing address and the names and shipping addresses of other people you wish to ship to from our order page. Sensitive information such as passwords and credit card details receive special handling as described below. If we are fortunate to have you as a customer, we will also save your purchase history so that we may better serve you in the future.
We also may use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on the Service.
We may use several well established web technologies to collect information automatically:
COOKIES. This is probably the most common web tool used to record information. Cookies can keep track of whether or not you have visited our site before as each visit records a session identifier. Also, cookies are useful for keeping track of the items you have in your cart as you continue shopping. They do not identify you personally. Cookies are simply small text files placed on your computer hard drive when you surf the web. The use of cookies on our site is intended to help us help you and enhance your experience. In the "Help" sections of most web browsers you will find instructions for managing or disabling the collecting of cookies. Note however, that you may not be able to take full advantage of the Service’s features if cookies are disabled in your browser.
WEB BEACONS. Web beacons are often used in conjunction with cookies to, among other things, gather information about a visitor's presence on a web site. Web beacons are usually monitored by a third party working with the site owner. Collected information is reported back to that third party rather than it being placed in text files on the visitor's hard drive. Web beacons may also be used in emails to let us know if we are effectively reaching our current and potential customers. While cookies will always be employed on our site, the use of web beacons will be less predictable as they are generally employed to gather analytics data as the need arises.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES. There are many third party services available to help a company like ours better understand the effectiveness of its presence on the web. For example, our web site uses Google Analytics to collect site visit statistics for us. We also have the following services as advertising aids at our disposal which we will employ as needed: Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Demographics and Interest Reporting, Google AdWords, Google PPC, Google DoubleClick, Bing Ads, Rocket Fuel, Adsmonster, and Facebook Retargeting Ads. There are also services that follow visitors to our site as they move beyond our site. Of these services we have to following at our disposal and will employ as needed: ChartBeat, Webtrends, Adobe Analytics, IBM Digital Analytics, GoSquared, Woopra.
We and our third-party vendors use first-party cookies or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies or other third-party identifiers together.
How Do We Use The Information We Collect From You?
Generally, we use your information for such purposes as operating the Service, providing the products and services offered through the Service and communicating with you, sending promotional offers, performing analysis about your use of and interest in the offerings and content on the Service, managing our day-to-day business, and performing functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. Address information will be used to process and ship orders or returns. Information gathered automatically will be used to analyze behaviors as visitors navigate our site and interact with it. It will be used to provide geographic and demographic data to enhance our marketing efforts and improve the web experience for our visitors and members.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
We may share your personal information with our affiliated providers and with authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include processing credit card payments (if applicable), providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business analysis, conducting surveys, supporting the Service’s functionality and other features that may be offered through the Service.
Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information. Those policies will govern use, handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may also disclose your information in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. We may also disclose your information when we believe it is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, report or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of you, Skinny, our employees, or the public; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements or policies. Likewise, we may disclose or transfer your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
We may share aggregated and non-personal information we collect under any of the previously mentioned circumstances. We may share aggregated information with third parties, for the purpose of conducting general operational and business analysis and to develop and improve the Service. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to the Service and the most popular features or services accessed.
Does This Privacy Policy Govern Third-Party Service?
There may be places on the Service where you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under this Privacy Policy. In addition, you may be logged into a third party website, such as a social media site, while browsing the Service. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit by clicking on the “privacy” link typically located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting.
What Are Your Choices About Collection And Use Of Your Information?
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of the Service because such information may be required in order to validate your identity, utilize services on the Service or to contact us for information.
When you contact us through the Service, you will be set up to receive email messages unless you indicate that you do not wish to receive emails. At any time you can choose to no longer receive such emails by following the instructions found in the emails.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure.
When you place an order on our web site we employ Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to safeguard your information as it is transmitted to our servers. Credit card information is stored in databases operated solely by our credit card processor. We want you to feel confident using the Service; however, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer or other internet access device.
Sending email directly to an email address found on the Service is not secure. Unsecured information transferred over the Internet is similar to a postcard being sent through the mail. It is recommended that you do not send credit card or other sensitive information to Skinny or anyone else using unsecured means. Should you choose to supply confidential information in this manner, you do so at your own risk.
Although we take steps to secure your information, we do not guarantee the security of your information, and you should not expect that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.consumer.ftc.gov for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
No Collection of Information from Children
The Service and Products are intended for use by adults only. Skinny does not solicit or knowingly collect any information from visitors under 18 years of age. Please do not use the Service if you are not yet 18.
Visiting Our Service from Outside the United States
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on or via the Service from residents of the United States. If you are visiting the Service from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using the Service, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy.
No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us in your account, profile or registration (unless we do not have such an email address), and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Service. We recommend that you check the Service from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact us using the online form at SkinnyHW.com.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection