https://www.alphabetsigns.com/privacy-policy.html
Menu
Login
Letter Boards
Bulletin Boards
Indoor Office Bulletin Boards Outdoor Bulletin Boards Wood Frame Bulletin Boards Sliding Glass Bulletin Boards Menu Display
Directory Letter Boards
Indoor Directory Letter Board Outdoor Directory Letter Boards Wood Framed Letter Board Open Face Letter Board Letter Board Replacement Panels
Sign Letters
Building Letters Changeable Letters Plastic Letters Metal Letters Vinyl Letters
Marquee Signs
Economy Marquee Signs Portable Marquee Signs Metal Letters Marquee Signs Outdoor Message Centers
Sidewalk Signs
Magic Master Signs A-Frame Signs Signicade Signs Windmaster Signs Kits & Parts
Parking Signs
Custom Parking Signs Handicap Parking Signs No Parking Signs Parking Lot Signs Parking Control Signs No Truck Parking Signs
Traffic Signs
Regulatory Traffic Signs Warning Traffic Signs School Traffic Signs Road Construction Signs Guide Traffic Signs Reflective House Number Signs
Stencils
Handicap Parking Stencils Number Stencils Letter Stencils Interlocking Stencils Parking Lot Templates Arrow Stencils Custom Stencils
Sign Frames & Stands
Sign Frame Stands Poster Sign Frames Banner Stands Hanging Sign Frames Easels
Custom Signs
Banners Flags Yard Signs
Home My Account Create Account Order Status Track Orders
Phone Support 800-582-6366
Login
Home My Account Create Account Order Status Track Orders
View Cart
Skip to main content
Letter Boards
Indoor Office Bulletin Boards Outdoor Bulletin Boards Open Face Letter Board Indoor Directory Letter Board Outdoor Directory Letter Boards Letter Board Replacement Panels
Sign Letters
Building Letters Changeable Letters Acrylic Letters Metal Letters Bronze Memorial Plaques Pronto Marquee Letters Portable Sign Letters Letter Board Letters
Marquee Signs
Economy Marquee Signs Portable Marquee Signs Metal Letters Marquee Signs Outdoor Message Centers
Sidewalk Signs
Magic Master Signs A-Frame Signs Signicade Signs Windmaster Signs Letter Kits & Parts
Parking Signs
Custom Parking Signs Handicap Parking Signs No Parking Signs Parking Lot Signs Parking Control Signs No Truck Parking Signs
Traffic Signs
Regulatory Traffic Signs Warning Traffic Signs Road Construction Signs 911 House Number Signs Safety Signs
Vinyl Letters
Vinyl Boat Letters US DOT Numbers Truck Door Decals Store Hours Vinyl Decal Reflective Mailbox Numbers
Stencils
Handicap Parking Stencils Number Stencils Letter Stencils Parking Lot Templates Arrow Stencils Custom Stencils
Custom Signs
Banners Custom Decals Custom Poster & Signs Yard Signs
Sign Frames
Sign Frame Stands Rigid Graphic Stands Poster Sign Frames Banner Stands Snap Frames
Main content follows
Privacy Policy
Alphabet Signs is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement describes how Alphabet Signs collects and uses your information on the Web site: www.alphabetsigns.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding Alphabet Signs use of your information and the steps you can take to access this information and to request that we correct or update it. Collection and Use of Personal Information:
Contact Information such as name, email address, shipping address, phone number Billing Information such as credit card number, expiration date, billing address Unique Identifiers such as user name, ID number, account number, password Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences
We collect this information when:
Purchase products Request a catalog Contact us with questions or concerns
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order Send you an order confirmation Administer your account Send you a catalog Send you a newsletter
Information Obtained from Third Parties: We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law (e.g., to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or legal process served on our Web site) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, and/or respond to a government request. In the event Alphabet Signs goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Payment Service Providers: If you choose to use Amazon Payments to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your billing information, such as a credit card number directly to Amazon Payments. We will not have access to this information. Amazon Payments' privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the Amazon Payments website. If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your billing information, such as a credit card number, directly to PayPal. We will not have access to this information. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal website. Choice/Opt-out: You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each newsletter or marketing email, or you can reply to the email to unsubscribe, or you can contact us at info@alphabetsigns.com. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. You must enable cookies to shop at www.alphabetsigns.com/. We use cookies on our site to
Keep track of what you have in your shopping cart Analyze which pages our site visitors visit
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of www.alphabetsigns.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information: To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at info@alphabetsigns.com. Security: The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at info@alphabetsigns.com. We provide two means for you to make a purchase on our site. You can either use our shopping cart, Amazon or Paypal. If you use our shopping cart, information collected on our order form is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you choose to use Amazon Payments or Paypal to finalize and pay for your order, its privacy statement and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information. Notification of Privacy Statement Changes: We may update this policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed. If we make any material changes to this policy that affect your personal information, we will notify you here, by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us by info@alphabetsigns.com. Contact Information: You can contact us by writing or email us at the address below:
Alphabet Signs Inc 91 Newport Rd, Suite 102 Gap, PA 17527 info@alphabetsigns.com
Print This Page