http://www.availity.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Availity Privacy Policy
Availity Privacy Policy
Effective: April 15, 2019
This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how Availity, L.L.C. (“Availity,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses, and shares your information and your rights with respect thereto.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the information gathered from or about you through your use of availity.com (our “Site”) and does not apply to information we collect through other methods or sources pursuant to separate agreements, including information collected from your registration for or use of products and services that may be available through our Site.
By using our Site, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Please carefully review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use before you use our Site, as your use of our Site is subject to these information collection and use practices.
Type of Information Collected
We collect your Personal Information as you use or register for services on our Site.
“Personal Information” means any information that can be linked to you or used to identify you including:
your name;
your e-mail address;
your home or work address;
your telephone number;
your place of work;
your job title; and
your device fingerprint identification (including IP address).
How We Collect Personal Information
Voluntary Disclosure
You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information when you contact us through one of the methods available on our Contact Us
page.
Use of Cookies
We may use Cookies to collect certain information related to your use of our Site, which may include Personal Information. “Cookies” are small data files that we send to your computer when you visit our Site that help us customize your visit to our Site based on your preferences. Cookies enable our Site to recognize you or your computer when you return to our Site.
We may utilize third parties to send and manage Cookies.
You may be able to manage your Cookie preferences through your browser to disable some or all Cookies or to notify you when a you receive a Cookie.
Disabling Cookies will not interfere with your ability to use our Site.
Data Analytics Tools
In addition to Cookies, Availity uses various third-party analytics tools, including but not limited to, Google Analytics, to track Cookies and/or gather information about you and your use of our Site.
Availity uses information summarized from such analytics tools to aid in making decisions to improve our ability to offer you services and our Site’s visitors’ experiences, including decisions on the selection and presentation of content, images, navigation cues and interactive media.
If, at any time, you wish to opt out of Availity’s collection of your information through its use of Google Analytics, you may visit this link to opt out.
To request more information about our use of other third-party analytics tools, please Contact Us.
How We Use and Disclose Your Personal Information
Availity does not sell, rent, or license your Personal Information.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, will not disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties without your consent.
We may use and disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes unless prohibited by law:
to operate, improve, correct, and maintain our Site;
to perform the functions and provide the goods and services you request;
to facilitate and improve your experience on our Site;
to contact you about our Site and new features and enhancements;
to market our new products, services, or events;
for billing, account management, and other administrative matters;
to investigate and help prevent security issues, fraud, and abuse;
for identity verification, validation, or authentication;
to share it with and transfer our rights in it to any successor entity to Availity, which entity would have the right to use and disclose the information as Availity did prior to such transfer;
if we believe that any law or regulation requires us to do so;
to respond to a subpoena or governmental request;
as we deem advisable to protect our safety, rights, privacy or property, or that of others;
to enforce or respond to a possible violation of any law or regulation, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use; and
as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy or applicable law.
Aggregated Data
We may aggregate and anonymize your Personal Information with other information that we have collected from other users so that you may no longer be able to be reasonably identified (“Aggregated Data”).
By using our Site, you agree that we may use and disclose Aggregated Data for any purpose.
Access, Updates, Corrections, Deletion
You may access, update, correct, and request deletion of Personal Information that is under our control by contacting us.
Links to Other Sites and Services
From time to time, this Site may contain links to other sites. These other sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy and we caution you to review and make sure you are comfortable with any such site’s privacy policy before using the site or providing any information to its operators.
You assume all risk associated with your use of any linked websites and we are not liable therefor.
User Locations
Our Site is intended to be used only by users located within the continental United States, Guam, Alaska and Hawaii.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we do not direct or target children under the age of 13 for the collection of information.
By using our Site, you represent and warrant to us that you are over the legal age.
Updates to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is reviewed annually, or more frequently as the need may arise.
We may update or change this Privacy Policy at any time as we deem necessary to reflect changes in our business practices, laws, regulations, or the industry. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on our Site alerting you of a change and directing you to review the updated Privacy Policy.
If, at any time, you disagree with the Privacy Policy, you should discontinue your use of our Site.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our Site and its operations, please Contact Us through the Site or email PrivacyOffice@availity.com.
Search our website
Search
© Copyright 2020 Availity, LLC. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
×
×
play video
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn More
I Agree