http://www.aeg-inc.com/privacy-policy-2/
Timesheet314-842-9110info@aeg-inc.com
Privacy Policy
Introduction
As of 4/7/2017
Application Engineering Group, Inc.(AEG) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data. This statement summarizes the policies of AEG regarding the collection, use, and transfer of your personal data, and the security measures AEG employs to protect such data.
The Information We Collect
AEG will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. AEG is the sole owner of information collected via email or through our website. AEG is a Consulting/Contracting company and collects a variety of personal data necessary to provide these services. By choosing to submit your personal information, you indicate your willingness to disclose this information to AEG.
How We Use and Disclose Personally-Identifying Information
Information obtained is used only for the intended purposes stated at the time that the information is collected. It is AEG's policy not to sell or share your personal information for related or unrelated purposes to non-sponsoring third parties, unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. AEG may be required on your behalf and with your permission to disclose personal information to our clients for the purpose of identifying you as a candidate for a contract or permanent position. You will be notified when this occurs. AEG is not responsible for the privacy policies of our clients, and we urge you to review their policies on their respective sites. If at any time we decide to use personal data in a manner different from that stated as the time it was collected, we will notify you and give you a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. No notification and choice will be sought if AEG is compelled or required by applicable law, statute, regulation, ordinance, or court order to disclose personal data.
How We Use and Disclose Non-Personally Identifying Information
Your personal information may also be used anonymously and in the aggregate in order to put together industry, marketing and performance statistics. Used in this matter, your personal information becomes non-identifying. AEG also monitors IP addresses for security purposes, trend analysis, site administration, user movement tracking, and broad demographic information gathering for aggregate use. The IP address of the computer you use to access our web site (the 'internet street address' of your computer) is not linked to any personal information you provide.
Information Security and Integrity
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain accuracy of data and ensure proper use of information, AEG has put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial security procedures to safeguard all information collected online. We will use our best efforts to ensure that data is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use. We also will use our best efforts to protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Newsletter, Site/Service Updates, Surveys, and Contests
AEG may offer newsletters to registered and unregistered users of our site via email. If you wish to unsubscribe from a newsletter, please follow the directions at the bottom of the newsletter and you will be taken off the recipient list.
From time-to-time the site requests information from you via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is your choice and is completely voluntary as to whether to disclose information. Information requested may include contact information and demographic information. Contact information will be used to notify and award winners. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring, improving, or enhancing the use and satisfaction of the site and or an associated Program.
Links
Please be aware that our website may contain links to third-party websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by AEG. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, nor is AEG responsible for, any content, privacy practices, or conduct of such websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website including those that collect personally identifiable information.
Changes To The Privacy Policy
AEG reserves the right to modify or amend the Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. If this Privacy Policy is amended for any reason, we will post those changes here. Please check back to this Privacy Policy and your e-mail account from time to time to stay informed.
Nothing contained in this Privacy Policy is intended to create a contract or agreement between AEG and any user visiting our site or providing identifying information in any form. If you have any questions about your personal information, please email AEG at info@aeg-inc.com.
Helpful InformationResume Tips
Interview Tips
Interview Preparation
Counter Offers