http://www.tetleyusa.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Tetley US
Skip to main content
Australia
Bangladesh
Canada
Estonia
France
Finland
Global
Hungary
India
Jamaica
Latvia
Lithuania
Malta
Meet a Farmer
Middle East
Poland
Portugal
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
USA
USA
User account menu
Contact Us
Buy Now
Our Teas
Our Full Range
Ayurvedic Balance
Black Hot Tea
Green Teas
Caffeine Free & Decaf
Super Teas
Black Iced Tea
Herbal Tea
Specialty Tea
Variety Packs
Accessories
Learn & Explore
Tea Basics
Tea & Health
Tea Recipes
Perfect Brew
About Tetley
The Tetley Story
Sustainability
Search
Breadcrumb
Home
Privacy policy
FREE 1-3 Day Delivery Over $39
Privacy Policy
TETLEY USA INC. – Website Privacy PolicyEffective December 3, 2019
Thank you visiting our website (the “Site”) and reviewing this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”).  Tetley USA Inc. (“Tetley,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth the types of information that may be collected by Tetley on this Site, how Tetley may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, the choices you have regarding our use of the information, and your ability to control our disclosure of it.  This Privacy Policy applies to this Site only. It does not apply to other websites owned by Tetley or to which this Site may link. Please review this Privacy Policy before submitting any personal information to Tetley through this Site. By accessing, using or browsing this Site or its services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use our Site.
Information We Collect
We may collect two types of information from you:  (i) information that you voluntarily and knowingly supply to us (e.g., through a registration process, sign-ups, or other interaction with the Site); and (ii) information that is derived through automated tracking mechanisms.
Voluntary Information
Tetley will not collect any personal information about you, e.g., your name, address, demographics, telephone or mobile number, date of birth, social security number, credit card or debit card information or email address, unless you voluntarily provide this information to us.  Some of this information that you may provide will identify you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. This Privacy Policy refers to such information as “personal information” or “personally identifiable information.” This personal information is collected from you in a variety of ways including your responding to correspondence, registering for a service, entering a contest or sweepstake, taking advantage of a promotion, completing a survey, purchasing goods, requesting information or providing feedback about our Site or our services.
Information Collected Using Cookies and Other Web Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, Tetley may automatically collect certain technical information, such as the type of Internet browser or computer system you are using or your IP address (a number assigned to your computer when you browse the Internet), the date and time of your access to the Site, and your browsing actions and patterns.  The information we collect using these technical tools is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties.  It helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests;
Speed up your searches; and
Recognize repeat visitors to the Site for analytical purposes.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services.  You may be able to “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology by managing them on your own equipment, browser or mobile device.  However, if you decide not to accept such tracking technology from us or from our third party vendor’s or partner’s cookies, your ability to use some features on our website may be impaired.
How We Use Your Information
If we collect information from you we may use the information to improve our Site, our services, and your experience with our Site, as well as our products and services.  For example we might use information collected from you for any of the following purposes:
to communicate with you about our products and services and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies that may be of interest to you;
to register you for, or notify you that you are a winner of, a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion;
to respond to your queries and requests;
to assist you with managing your account and passwords;
to process product orders submitted by you, communicate with you about the orders, and  process payments and refunds;
to undertake, with your consent, any other promotional activities such as providing information about special events;
to build our contact database;
for internal market analysis, such as identification of trends and measuring the amount of traffic to our Site;
to provide you with effective customer service and/or technical support;
to improve the design of our Site; or
deliver target advertising and coupons.
Sharing Information
The Site is maintained outside United States of America.  If you are located in the United States of America please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred outside the United States.  By using the Site, participating in any of our services, and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. Tetley may from time to time share your personal information with its affiliates and trusted third parties who assist us in providing services to users of this Site, including, but not limited to
(i) the development or improvement of our products, services or Site; (ii) the administration of a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion; (iii) advertisers and marketers; (iv) suppliers and distributors of our products; (v) order and credit card processing; (vi) email distribution services; and (vii) website management.
Additionally, to comply with legal requirements, cooperate with law enforcement, prevent fraud and other crimes, and protect the legal rights of Tetley and others, there are circumstances in which we may share the personal information we collect on this Site without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or regulatory requirement; to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other legal process; to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a contract; or to protect the legal rights, property or safety of Tetley, our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, independent contractors, licensors, suppliers, partners, successors, agents, and other users or the public in general or to protect your vital interests.  We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful without providing notice to you.
If we merge or are combined with any other organization, or if we transfer assets or operations to another organization or company, we may disclose the information we collect from you, including personally identifiable information, to third parties in connection with such sale, merger, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or transfer of all or some of our business, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which information held by Tetley about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
If we collect personally identifiable information from you, you will receive notice when this information might be provided to any third party for any reason other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you will have an opportunity to request that we not share such information.
Opt-out Policy
If you wish for us to remove your personal information from our active records, please go to the “Click here to unsubscribe” link on www.TetleyUSA.com.  Please be aware that we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.  You should also be aware that we are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this policy, such as a business partners.  In addition, your ability to opt-out from receiving marketing and promotional material does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of the Site or changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions of Use statement or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of the Site.
Security
The security of your personal information is very important to us.  To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have industry standard measures in place to safeguard and secure information and data we collect through the Site.  However, it is important that you understand that due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, no website or database is completely secure or “hacker proof” and we cannot guarantee that the information you submit through the Site or the information stored on the Site or our servers, will be completely free from unauthorized access by third parties.
External Links
Tetley, from time to time, may provide links to a variety of providers that may offer content, services and e-commerce.  Tetley may or may not have a formal relationship with such linked sites. Such third party sites should have their own privacy policies, which we recommend you review prior to interacting with such site.  This Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information collected through this Site and you agree that Tetley has no liability with respect to such third party sites, their information collection, or privacy practices.
Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act – Parental Control (“COPPA”)
This Site is not intended to attract or be used by children under the age of thirteen (13).  Tetley recognizes the sensitivity of personal information and does not knowingly solicit personal information from or market to anyone under thirteen (13) years of age.  If you are under thirteen (13) years of age you may not use this Site and should not provide any information about yourself through this Site. Tetley is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection and use of information from children, including COPPA and other applicable laws or regulations.  Tetley encourages all parents and guardians to instruct their children in the safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet. Please be aware that there are parental control tools available online that can be used to prevent children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.  If you believe that we received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by postal mail addressed to Tetley Inc., Consumer Services Department, 5901 West Side Avenue, 4th Floor, North Bergen, New Jersey 07047-6451 or by email at consumercare@customerfollowup.info and we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our database.
Revisions
This Privacy Policy may be updated, modified, revised or changed from time to time at the discretion of Tetley and without prior written notice by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on this Site.  If, at some point in the future, there is a change to our Privacy Policy, unless we obtain your express consent, such changes will only apply to information collected after we have posted the revised Privacy Policy.  We recommend that you periodically review the Privacy Policy for changes. Your continued use of the Site following any such change, including the submission of any personal information, constitutes your voluntary agreement that all personal information collected from or about you from this Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us; Opting-Out
Please contact us at consumercare@customerfollowup.info or write to us at Tetley USA Inc., Consumer Services Department, Tetley USA Inc.
Consumer Services Department
5901 West Side Avenue, 4th Floor
North Bergen, New Jersey 07047-6451
to report any violations of the Privacy Policy.  We will endeavor to respond to you within 24 to 48 hours in most cases.  At your request and where the law requires us to do so, we will make good faith efforts to confirm what personal information we hold about you, update your information, remove your information, fulfill specific opt out requests, and/or correct any inaccuracies in such personal information if you contact us at consumercare@customerfollowup.info to submit such requests.  We may decline to process a request that is unreasonable, jeopardizes the rights or privacy of others, is impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required. o you within 24 to 48 hours in most cases.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy is governed under the laws of New Jersey without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Special Notice to California Consumers
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates for direct marketing, but we do not sell it to or share it with unaffiliated third parties. You may request a list of our affiliates by contacting us at ccpa@tataconsumer.com. You may make one request per calendar year.  In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.
For CCPA compliant policies, please click here
#Tetley
Get 10% off on your first order!
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Email Address
Sign Up
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
CCPA
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Website and Technology Accessibility Statement
Copyright
Cookie Policy
Customer Support
Contact Us
FAQs
Follow us on
Corporate Site
Copyright© 2019 Tetley - All rights reserved.
By using this site, you agree to the Terms and Conditions and
Privacy Policy. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time through your web browsers tools.
Your browser does not support JavaScript!