http://www.variohm.com/privacy-policy
Home         Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with our use of cookies. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete our cookies once you have visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings; the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
Cookies on the site
Session cookies – We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you when logging into our Client Area. You can learn more about session cookies and what they are used for at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
Google Analytics – we use this to understand how the Variohm Internet site is being used in order to improve the user experience. Your user data is all anonymous. You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Google AdWords: Using Google AdWords code we are able to see which pages helped lead to contact form submissions. This allows us to make better use of our paid search budget.
Facebook Advertising: We use Facebook advertising conversion tracking and re-targeting pixels, which allows us to collect or receive information from your website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target advertising.
DoubleClick: We use remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages, allowing us to provide targeted advertising in the future.
Visual Website Optimiser: Our website optimiser uses cookies to remember the website for which you searched. This helps it generate the required results.
Home
About Us
Products
Product Selector
Industries
Suppliers
Distributors
News & Media
Contact Us
Variohm Holdings Group
Heason
Positek
Herga
Ixthus
×