http://www.fsource.org/resources/security/online-privacy-policy
We're Here to Help (315) 735-8571
Online Privacy Policy
First Source Federal Credit Union recognizes that a key concern of our Members is the use of their information once it has been collected and the original transaction completed. Our Credit Union's Privacy Notice is located here.
We do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children under 13 without parental consent.
Our Credit Union uses the information only to the extent necessary to carry out our daily business activities and to provide services and other opportunities of interest to our Members.
We are committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs, which necessitates that we share information about you to complete your transactions and to provide you with certain financial opportunities. In order to do so, we have entered into agreements with other companies that provide either services or additional financial products to us for you to consider.
Under these arrangements, we may disclose all of the information we collect, as described below, to companies that perform marketing and other services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have a joint marketing agreement. To protect our Members' privacy, we will only work with companies that follow strict confidentiality requirements and limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell to other third parties the information we provide to them.
We highly value the privacy of your financial and personal information. If you have any questions, please contact us at (315) 735-8571 or 1-800-735-8571.
Information We Collect
We collect the following nonpublic information about you from a variety of sources and may disclose all the information we collect to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements.
From Membership and loan applications and other forms, we obtain information such as your name, address, social security number and income.
From information obtained in transactions between the Credit Union and other companies as a result of providing you products and services. This includes transaction information from share drafts (checks), debit cards, credit cards, automated teller machine (ATM) cards, and electronic transfers (for example, automated clearinghouse (ACH) transactions).
From consumer reporting agencies, we obtain information such as your credit worthiness and credit history.
From verifications of information you provide on applications and other forms, we obtain information from current or past employers, other financial institutions and other sources listed on the application.
How Collected Information is Used
We may disclose all the nonpublic information we collect to:
Companies that perform marketing services on our behalf and/or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint agreements.
Financial service providers such as mortgage brokers, security brokers/dealers, and insurance agents.
We may also disclose information about you under other circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct the operations of our Credit Union, follow your instructions as you provide authorizations, or protect the security of our financial records.
If you terminate your Membership with First Source FCU, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted or required by law.
How We Protect Your Information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who a have a specific business purpose in using your data. Our employees are trained in the importance of maintaining confidentiality and Member privacy. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and leading industry practices to safeguard your nonpublic personal information.
Information Collected
At First Source FCU, we believe that protecting the safety and privacy of our website visitors is one of our fundamental responsibilities. The following information will help you to understand how we protect the information gathered from fsource.org.
First Source FCU collects information such as user name, email address, Internet Service Provider address, access time and date, clickstreams, and failed login attempts. First Source FCU collects this information for internal reporting of website statistics and product monitoring to improve our services. Information obtained from our website is kept secure, and access to that information is limited within the Credit Union to personnel who need to know the information to provide products or services to our Members and to properly operate the Credit Union. Information about Members and former Members is never disclosed to third parties except as permitted or required by law.
First Source FCU collects data about your activities that does not personally or directly identify you when you visit our website, the website of entities for which we serve advertisements (our “Advertisers”), or the websites and online services where we display advertisements (“Publishers”). This information may include the content you view, the date and time that you view this content, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address. We use the information we collect to serve you more relevant advertisements (referred to as “Retargeting”). We collect information about where you saw the ads we serve you and what ads you clicked on. This may include the use of "cookies". For full information on cookies and how you can manage them on your electronic device, read more here.
Looking Out for Children
We do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children under 13 without parental consent. We recognize that protecting children's identities and privacy online is important, and that the responsibility to do so rests with both the online industry and with parents. While First Source works to protect your personal information, you also have responsibility.
Internet safety for children. The Internet is a public network. Children's access to the Internet can allow them to visit inappropriate websites and be exposed to unwanted risks. COPPA, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, protects children under the age of 13 from the online collection of personal information. Learn more about COPPA on the Federal Trade Commission's website. Parents can be proactive by installing filtering software that gives them more control over their family's Internet experience.
We recommend that minors ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Website Security Measures
First Source FCU's encrypted website has security measures in place to protect against access, misuse or alteration of your information. All sensitive transactions use strong data encryption, ensuring secure communications through all mobile service providors. Robust registration process is designed to prevent unauthorized access, which includes multiple two-factor authentication mechanisms to verify user identity before performing high-risk transactions. Lock out triggers safeguard accounts when there is suspucious activity, and all authentication events are logged and reported. Security measures block unauthorized access and protect your data, no matter how you access your accounts.  Transmission of online applications is encrypted using PGP Encryption software. First Source FCU may use feedback from visitors that is received via email from our site to respond to inquiries, comments, or suggestions.
First Source FCU asks that you do not send confidential information to us via email. Email is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is sensitive, or includes personal information such as Member numbers, credit card numbers, personal identification numbers, social security number, or date of birth, you should contact us by phone or regular mail.
Our website may contain links to other websites. First Source FCU is not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage all users to read the privacy statements of all linked websites.
Term
Rate
APR*
30 year Fixed0.0 Points
3.125%
3.292%
$752.38
20 year Fixed0.0 Points
3.000%
3.097%
$948.62
15 year Fixed0.0 Points
2.625%
2.853%
$1143.81
FHA 30 year Fixed0.0 Points
3.000%
4.137%
$740.98
Speedbump Modal Called Incorrectly!
I Understand
Cancel
Simple Modal Called Incorrectly!
Close