http://www.alloyproductscorp.com/privacy.html
About
Overview
Machining Services
Video Gallery
News and Press Releases
Products
Stainless Steel Pressure Vessels
ASME/General Purpose Vessels
Pharmaceutical / Hygienic Vessels
UN Pressure Vessels
APC Components and Replacement '
Parts
Custom
Industries
Pharmaceutical & Hygienic Industries
Semiconductor Industry
Chemical Industries
Industrial & Private Markets
Commercial Markets
Quality
Careers
Contact
RFQ
Privacy Policy
Alloy Products Corp. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@alloyproductscorp.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Alloy Products Corp.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Alloy Products Corp. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Alloy Products Corp.'s website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Alloy Products Corp. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Alloy Products Corp. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Alloy Products Corp. and is effective as of August 28, 2014. This statement does not create an agreement between Alloy Products Corp. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Alloy Products Corp.
1045 Perkins Ave., P.O. Box 529
Waukesha, WI 53187-0529
Toll Free: 800.236.6603
Phone: 262.542.6603
Fax: 262.542.5421
Email: info@alloyproductscorp.com
Website: www.alloyproductscorp.com