http://www.sidwainer.com/privacy-policy/
Back to top
TRENDING IN SPECIALTY
LOGIN
Our site will be down for maintenance on Saturday 12/12 from 6am to 8am.Please plan accordingly.
Our site will be down for maintenance on Saturday 12/12 from 6am to 8am.Please plan accordingly.
Account
WHO WE ARE
OUR STORY
The Sid Factor
SPECIALTY BRANDS
Videos
FOOD SAFETY
Green Practices
Culinary Excellence
NEWS & KNOWLEDGE
Browse Products
ALL CATEGORIES:
ASIANBACON,CHARCUTERIE & PATEBAKING PRODUCTSBEVERAGEBULK PRODUCECHEESECONDIMENTS, SPREADS & SAUCESCRACKERS, BREAD & CEREALDAIRY/EGGSDRIED FRUITS & VEGETABLESFIG & CHESTNUT PRODUCTSFRESH FRUITFRESH PREPARED SALADSFRESH VEGETABLESFROZENGREENSOILS & VINEGARSOLIVESPASTAPROCESSEDROASTED, PICKLED, MARINATEDSEAFOODSEASONINGS & FLAVOR ENHANCERSSNACK MIXES, SWEETS & NUTSSPECIALTY BEANS, GRAINS & RICETRUFFLE PRODUCTS
Trending Now:
A BRIGHT FINISH
Domaine de ProvenceTarragon Vinegar
Shop Now
BETTER TOGETHER
Jansal ValleyBuzzard's Bay Session Cheddar
Shop Now
Catalogs
Market Report
Become A Customer
Our Farm Partners
Sid WainerClassic Recipes
$0.00
Login / Account
Shopping Cart
Become a Customer
Browse Products
Catalogs
Our Story
The Sid Factor
Culinary Excellence
Specialty Brands
Food Safety
Green Practices
Our Farm Partners
Videos
Sid Wainer Classic Recipes
Contact Us
800-423-8333
PRIVACY POLICY
SID WAINER & SON recognizes the importance of your privacy, and we are committed to respecting that privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personal information you share with us.
Information We Collect
SID WAINER & SON collects information from you at various points on our web site such as your name, phone number, shipping/billing address, email address, IP address, and when necessary credit card and other personal information in order to facilitate your order and/or service you. We may also collect information such as your IP address to analyze buyer trends and also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Supplying us with your personal information is entirely your own choice, however, if you choose not to provide us with the information, we will be unable to process your order online. In general, you can visit any of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
Using the Information We Collect
The information you provide is used for internal purposes such as processing your credit card, processing your order, tracking you current and previous orders, contacting you with questions regarding your order, improving our services, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of new products and specials, and providing you with other information on our company. Although unlikely, under certain instances, we may feel we need to disclose your personal information, such as when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Sid Wainer & Son brands or to others. Also, when the law requires it, we may also disclose your personal information.
Updating Your Information
You may at any time update, correct, or change your personal information you provided us by going to your My Account section on our web site, or by contacting us at
SID WAINER & SON
2301 Purchase Street
New Bedford, MA 02746
Telephone: 509.999.6408
Email: sidwainer@sidwainer.com
You may also, at any time, request to be removed from our email list, call list, special offers and services announcements, product updates, and/or newsletters. Please note that it may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request to remove or update your personal information. Also, many times promotions are in process months in advance and the mailing list is already in progress, so you may receive a few additional marketing pieces prior to complete shut off. If you opt out of receiving marketing email, we will continue to send you emails regarding order confirmation and shipment notification when you place an order with us.
Security
SID WAINER & SON takes precautions to protect the security of the personal information that you share with us. We use encryption technologies when transferring the data from you through our web site. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also, to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet café, remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit.
Notification of Policy Changes
If we decide to amend our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will post a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date the notice is posted. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that may be inconsistent. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically because by visiting our website you agree to accept any such changes. This policy was posted in May 2008.
Links
Our website may contain links to other web sites, which are operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. We encourage you to be aware that you are leaving our web site and to be sure to read the privacy practices of any such sites before disclosing any personal information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected on this web site.
STAY CONNECTED
Join our weekly newsletter for product specials, specialty highlights, market reports, and updates.
Sign Up
HELP CENTER
Contact Us
800-423-8333
Become a Customer
Set Up Online Ordering
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
TRENDING IN SPECIALTY
MARKET REPORT
Sid Wainer & Son® is recognized as a world leader in food safety.
Copyright © 2018 Sid Wainer & Son.® All Rights Reserved.