https://www.avanti-conveyors.co.uk/privacy
Privacy policy
Our Privacy Statement
We recognise the importance of protecting your personal information.
During the course of making an enquiry, we may obtain personal information about you. This information assists us in servicing your request. We know you may be concerned about what we do with this information, and offer you the following assurances:
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy
We only use your personal information to help us service your request, to improve our services to you and to provide you with product or service you have requested
We may share selected information to agencies and contractors working on behalf of us as part of normal business operations (e.g. to email you about a service issue or post you some information you have requested) or to inform you about additional products and service enhancements that may be of interest to you
If you wish to correct any inaccurate information contact us to let us know
If you prefer not to be updated by us about new products and services, please contact us to let us know
Under the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you are entitled to a copy of the personal data held by us.
How We Use Your Information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when we collect personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
Visitors to our websites
Complainants and other individuals in relation to a data protection or freedom of information complaint or enquiry
People who use our services, e.g. who subscribe to our newsletter or request a brochure from us
People who notify under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Job applicants and our current and former employees
Visitors To Our Website
When someone visits this website, we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to our site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting this website.
People Who Make A Complaint To Us
When we receive a complaint from a person we make up a file containing the details of the complaint. This normally contains the identity of the complainant and any other individuals involved in the complaint.
We will only use the personal information we collect to process the complaint and to check on the level of service we provide. We may from time to time compile and publish statistics showing information like the number of complaints we receive, but not in a form which identifies anyone. We usually have to disclose the complainant’s identity to whoever the complaint is about. This is inevitable where, for example, the accuracy of a person’s record is in dispute. If a complainant doesn’t want information identifying him or her to be disclosed, we will try to respect that.
However, it may not be possible to handle a complaint on an anonymous basis. We will keep personal information contained in complaint files in line with our retention policy. This means that information relating to a complaint will be retained for four years from closure. It will be retained in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted according to the ‘need to know’ principle.
Similarly, where enquiries are submitted to us we will only use the information supplied to us to deal with the enquiry and any subsequent issues and to check on the level of service we provide.
When we take enforcement action against someone, we may publish the identity of the defendant in our Annual Report or elsewhere. Usually we do not identify any complainants unless the details have already been made public.
People Who Use Our Services
We may offer various services to the public. For example, we send out brochures and distribute an electronic newsletter. Where we use a third party to deal with brochure requests they are only allowed to use the information to send out the brochures. We have to hold the details of the people who have requested the service in order to provide it.
However, we only use these details to provide the service the person has requested and for other closely related purposes. For example, we might use information about people who have requested a brochure to carry out a survey to find out if they are happy with the level of service they received. When people do subscribe to any of our services, they can cancel their subscription at any time and are given an easy way of doing this.
People Who 'Notify' Under The General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR)
Many businesses are required by law to ‘notify’ certain specified information to the Information Commissioner. This may contain personal information, for example where the business is a sole trader. Where we compile this information into a register, it is required by law to make it publicly available. We put technical measures in place to prevent the bulk down-load of the electronic version of the register. However, as the register is publicly available, we cannot give any guarantees as to how the information contained on the register will be used by those accessing it.
When businesses fill in their notification forms, they are asked to provide the contact details of a relevant member of staff. We will use this for our own purposes, for example where we have a query about a notification, but will not put it on the public register.
When we request information as part of the notification process, we make it clear where the provision of information is required by law and where it is voluntary.
Complaints Or Queries
We try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of our collection and use of personal information. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. Any requests for this should be sent to the address below.
Access To Information
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) you have the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Regulation. Upon receipt of a valid Subject Access Request (SAR) and confirmation of identity, within the guidelines of the ICO you will be provided with all information we hold about you.
Disclosure Of Personal Information
In many circumstances we will not disclose personal data without consent. However, when we investigate a complaint, for example, we will need to share personal information with the organisation concerned and with other relevant bodies.
Changes To This Privacy Notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 25th October 2018.
How To Contact Us
Requests for information about our privacy policy can be emailed to us or by writing to:
Avanti Conveyors Ltd, Furness Vale Business Centre, Calico Lane, Furness Vale, High Peak, SK23 7SW.
Let's arrange a meeting
Book Visit
Avanti Conveyors brochure PDF
Download