http://www.mpi-ultrasonics.com/content/mpi-privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search form
Search
MPI Ultrasonics - sonic and ultrasonic processing technology
Enter the World of Ultrasonics Macro Engineering
Main menuHome
Ultrasonic Stress Relief
*MMM* Ultrasonics
Advanced SonoReactors
Advanced Generators
Converters and Parts
Publications
You are hereHome
About us
About MPI
Download site
Miodrag Prokic
Privacy Policy
Contact us
Ultrasonic solutions
Ultrasonic stress relief
*MMM* Ultrasonics
Advanced SonoReactors
Advanced Generators
Converters and Parts
MPI Publications
User login
Username *
Password *
Request new password
Featured:
Ultrasonics World Group
MPI privacy policy
Information Collection and Use
M P Interconsulting is a company wholly owned and operated by Miodrag Prokic. The web site is hosted and maintained by Internet Lynx, an Australian company wholly owned and operated by Chris Cheers. We [M P Interconsulting and Internet Lynx] will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We collect information from users at several different points on the website.
Contact Page
We invite visitors to ask questions, particularly about potential new applications for ultrasonics, via the contact page, or by e-mail to mpi@powerultrasonics.com. We reply to such enquiries by e-mail, mail, phone or fax, as requested.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we [M P Interconsulting and Internet Lynx] are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes, or if a user no longer desires our service, we will correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can be done at the contact page or by e-mail.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
M P Interconsulting - Internet Lynx
About MPI
Download site
Miodrag Prokic
Privacy Policy
Contact us
©2001-2020 MPI Ultrasonics. All rights reserved.