http://www.agma.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Home
Last updated: May 17, 2018
The American Gear Manufacturers Association (AGMA) respects your privacy and wants to provide you with the most relevant information on the gear industry and AGMA’s products and services.
We want you to know how we use and protect the information you provide to us. The information below summarizes our policy and practices.
The Information AGMA Collects:
Mailing Lists
Information voluntarily disclosed to AGMA either online or in writing through publication order forms, meeting registration forms, survey response forms, and relevant e-mails is added to the AGMA membership database to enable the processing of the order or registration or for the appropriate response. This information is usually the name, address and item purchased, meeting attended or topic of interest.
We use that information to keep you informed about the course you’ve registered for or the product you’ve ordered; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check that our records are right and periodically monitor your satisfaction with AGMA. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other businesses.
We use a third-party provider, myEmma, to deliver our email communications. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standards to help us monitor and improve our communications. For more information see https://myemma.com/legal/privacy-statement.
Our weekly enewsletter, AGMA Industry Update, is delivered by our partner Naylor. Their privacy policy may be found here: https://www.naylor.com/privacy-statement/
You may opt out of receiving additional communications from AGMA clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email communications or by e-mailing membership@agma.org to have your name removed from our lists. Corrections or other changes may also be made by e-mailing membership@agma.org.
AGMA takes appropriate measures to ensure the privacy of member records and to protect them from loss, misuse or alteration.
Google Analytics
When someone visits AGMA’s websites we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to our website, which website pages are popular, etc. This information is only processed in a way that is anonymous. We do not make, and we do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our websites.
Cookies
Cookies are text files that contain information created by a Web server that can be stored on your hard disk for use either during a particular session or for future use. Cookies do not interact with your computer in any way. AGMA uses cookies only to facilitate automated activity, store and track passwords, and review navigation patterns. Cookies are not used to disseminate significant information about users over the Internet or to analyze any information that you have knowingly or unknowingly provided AGMA.
Credit Card Information
AGMA does not disclose any credit card account information provided by its members and customers. When members and customers choose to pay using their credit cards, AGMA submits the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouse. AGMA does not retain credit card numbers in either electronic or paper form.
How AGMA Uses Your Information
We use the information discussed above in a number of ways, such as:
·       Processing purchase transactions, meeting registrations and donations
·       Verifying your identity (such as when you log in to the member’s only sections of the website, our discussion forums, or our store)
·       Responding to your requests and communicating with you
·       Managing your preferences
·       Performing analytics concerning the quality of our services and products
·       Providing you tailored marketing messages
·       Complying with applicable legal requirements
·       For any other purpose that we will specifically disclose to you at the time you provide your information.
What AGMA Discloses to Others
We may share the information we collect from and about you within our organization and with certain vendors or partners that AGMA has a contractual relationship with. For example, we may share your information with:
·       Credit card processors to process your payment, registration or donation
·       Our other websites (such as agmafoundation.org; learning.agma.org; connect.agma.org) to bring you improved service across our range of products and services
·       Other organizations we work with to create our trade show, and other events
We hold all of our vendors to the same high level of data privacy standards that we have internally. We never sell your information to any organization, and all vendors of AGMA are required to hold your information confidential, and are not allowed to use your data for any non-AGMA purpose.
External Information
The AGMA Web site contains links to other Web sites. AGMA has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites. If we learn of inappropriate or illegal links, we will take appropriate action.
Updating Your Information & Contact Information
Keeping your account information up to date is very important. You are entitled to view, amend or delete your personal information we’ve collected at any time. Email your request to our Director, Member Services at membership@agma.org.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy periodically. When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means such as posting the revised policy on this page with a new “last updated” date. Any changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.
Comments, Questions
If you suspect that AGMA has handled your personal information in a manner that does not comply with this privacy statement, please contact us by e-mailing webmaster@agma.org, or by calling AGMA at (703) 684-0211.