http://www.qpsport.co.nz/policies/privacy-policy
Loading
Skip to content
Home
Shop
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
Shop
Protective Sports Bra
Full chest protection
Upper body protection
Fencing
Karate
All
About Us
Help me choose
Log in
Menu
0 items
$ 0.00
Check out
We're shipping! | Free shipping worldwide (Excl. EU)
Menu
Cart
0
Privacy policy
Our Contact Information is: Quality Performers Ltd 485 Devon Street East New Plymouth, 4601, NEW ZEALAND +6467574773 info@qpsport.com
QP Sport takes customer privacy seriously and values the privacy of customers and visitors to our website. We do not pass any customer details on to 3rd party providers, other than necessary payment information to our secure payment processing provider required to complete customer transactions.
We collect no information about our visitor's domain, but we do collect information about our visitor's email address when available.
For visitors on our website we collect:
The email address and personal information from the visitors who communicate with us via email. The email address and postings of those who post in our chat areas. Aggregate (General Tracking) information about pages that users visit on our site. Any information given to us by users that contact us via inquiry form, survey, etc. The information that we collect is used for:
Internal review, tracking, or contacting and is then archived for future reference. Improving the quality of our website content and user friendliness for a better user experience. Not Shared with any outside organization for commercial purposes. We may still share this information for tracking and other non-commercial purposes. Any other lawful purpose or where required by law. We may use a standard technology called a cookie for the following purposes:
Recording Session information for shopping cart or other purposes. Store visitor preferences for return visits to our website. Delivering user customized content based on user specific information, such as browser type, screen type or resolution, etc. If you are currently receiving a newsletter or emails from us and would like to stop receiving them, please notify us by email, at the above address.
We do not partner or use any 3rd party ad services or content delivering services.
With respect to security, we use industry standard encryption technologies, when transferring and receiving data from visitors on our website.
With respect to sensitive information, we will redirect the user to a secure page either on our site, or to a trusted 3rd party site before transferring or receiving sensitive data. This information may include credit card or banking information, medical information, or other sensitive information.
For questions regarding our privacy policy or website in general, please contact us by email as listed above.
Close (esc)
Loading