http://www.getinge.com/int/legal/web-policy/
You are visiting a website that is not intended for your region
The page or information you have requested is intended for an audience outside the United States. By continuing to browse you confirm that you are a non-US resident requesting access to this page or information.
Switch to the US site
COVID-19 Resource Center
Healthcare professionals can find help and guidance on how to benefit from our offerings to treat your patients, as well as other practical information and advice.
Read more
Home
Legal information
Web Policy
Web Policy
Cookie preferences center
Change cookie Settings
Disclaimer
This is a general disclaimer in relation to the Getinge website www.getinge.com. Please note that there may be additional disclaimers and notices on other Getinge company websites.
The information published on this website is provided by Getinge AB and its affiliates (“Getinge”) for information purposes only and shall not be construed as providing advice or recommendations. This website should not be relied upon as the basis for any decision or action. The contents of this website may not be comprehensive or update-to-date. All information is provided in good faith but WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, and any use of the information or materials contained on this website is at the users’ sole risk.
Nothing on this website shall be deemed to constitute an invitation to invest or otherwise deal in securities in Getinge. Actual results and developments may be materially different from any forward-looking statements expressed on this website (see below). Past performance of the price of securities must not be relied on as a guide to their future performance.
Getinge does not warrant that access to this website will be available at all times, nor that this website or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components.
By using this website you agree to the terms and conditions set out herein. Thus, you should carefully read this Web & Privacy Policy in its entirety before starting to use the website and periodically thereafter, as Getinge may make changes and updates hereof.
Forward-Looking Statements
This website may include certain forward-looking statements about future operations, performance or market conditions. Such forward-looking statements have been based on our views and expectations about future events only at the time the statements were made. There can be no assurance that such expectations will materialize. Since forward-looking statements involve assumptions and estimations that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome may differ materially from what is set out in the statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or stock exchange regulation.
Copyright and Trademarks
Except where stated, the contents of this website are the copyright, related right or other intellectual property right of Getinge. This includes the trademark “Getinge” and other logos and trademarks which might appear on this website. Getinge’s logos, trademarks, copyright protected works and related rights may not be used or reproduced without our prior written consent. All Rights Reserved.
Except for personal data pursuant to the GDPR, if you send any information or material to us through this website, please note that Getinge may use such information and material on a world-wide basis, without limitation in time (or at least for 50 years), make changes thereto, publish the same and can also transfer and otherwise dispose thereof to third parties. No compensation will be paid to you for such use. By sending us any information or materials through this website, you agree to the aforesaid use by Getinge and warrant that you have the right to send the information or materials to Getinge in accordance herewith.
Data Protection Notice
This data protection notice describes how Getinge AB (reg. no. 556408-5032), as the controller of this website, processes your personal data in connection with your usage of this website.
What personal data will we process and why?
Depending on how you use the website and how often you visit, we may process different categories of personal data about you, such as your name, telephone number, email, IP address and cookies.
We will process the personal data that you submit to us for the purpose of answering questions and comments from you and to provide you with information that you have requested. Getinge has a legitimate interest in being able to respond to your requests. Considering that the personal data is submitted by you on a voluntary basis and your personal data is processed for the purpose of attending to a request from you, Getinge considers that its legitimate interest to be able to respond outweighs your privacy interest.
In order to better understand the behavior and needs of the visitors of this website, we may also process your IP address, geographical location, language preference and information you provide to monitor the use of the website, to register traffic to and from the website and to look into and evaluate the users’ demography, geographical location, interests and behavior with regard to the Getinge website and current and future products. For the avoidance of doubt, the demography, geographical location, interests and behavior data are not linked to any specific individual person and the recording can be deactivated at any time in the browser settings.
Getinge has a legitimate interest in being able to understand the behavior and needs of the visitors of the website. Since no sensitive personal data will be processed and the processing generally is for the benefit of the visitors of the website, Getinge has concluded that its legitimate interest to understand the visitors’ behaviors and needs takes precedence over your privacy interest.
Transfers of your personal data
Your personal data will be transferred to certain Getinge companies as well as to subcontractors and service providers who provide services related to this website, e.g. IT service providers that host, develop and offer support for the website and its functions. Your personal data will only be shared with these companies in order to respond to your request and to provide the website related services.
This means that your personal data will be transferred to countries located outside the European Union/ European Economic Area where Getinge and/or its service providers conduct business. Since these countries may have a lower level of protection than that within the EU/EEA, Getinge uses standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission when transferring personal data to ensure a sufficient level of protection. The standard contractual clauses can be found via the following link: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm.
For how long will your personal data be stored?
Getinge stores your personal data as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the data has been collected, for example, to be able send requested information to you. This means that Getinge deletes your personal data e.g. when such data is no longer necessary to process a request from you. Statistics which has been anonymized may be saved thereafter.
Your rights and how to contact us
You may at any time request the rectification or erasure of your personal data. You also have the right to request a copy of your personal data from our record.
Further, you have the right to request a limitation of the use of your personal data (for example if you deem the data to be incorrect) or the termination of use of your personal data.
Getinge AB, reg. no 556408-5032, P.O. Box 8861, SE-402 72 Gothenburg, Sweden, is the controller for the processing of your personal data. Please contact the Data Protection Manager for Getinge AB at the address above or by email at data.protection@getinge.com if you have any questions about Getinge’s processing of your personal data or if you wish to exercise any of your rights described above.
If you have a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data by Getinge you are entitled to report such dissatisfaction to the Swedish Data Inspection Board (Sw. Datainspektionen), the supervisory authority for the personal data processing of Getinge.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files placed by web servers on your computer or mobile device when you access websites. “First party” cookies are set by websites that you are visiting at the time. “Third party” cookies are set by domains other than those of the websites that you visit.
“Session” cookies remain on your computer or mobile device during your visit and expire when you close your browser. “Persistent” cookies, conversely, remain on your computer/device for a period of time specified in the cookie.
What are cookies used for?
Getinge uses first party persistent cookies to set and remember your preferences for repeat visits to our site. Settings such as selected language and country, user notice interactions, or acknowledgements may be stored in cookies. We may use third party persistent cookies from Google Analytics, Hotjar, Wistia, and HubSpot, Inc, to analyze how our visitors use our website and to monitor website performance.
For information about Google’s privacy policy and use of cookies for its analytics service, you can find out more by visiting https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy.
For information about Hotjar’s use of cookies, you can find out more by visiting https://www.hotjar.com/cookies.
For information about HubSpot’s privacy policy or the use of cookies, you can find out more by visiting  http://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy.
For information about Wistia's privacy policy or the use of cookies, you can find out more by visiting https://wistia.com/privacy.
Comprehensive information on how organizations use cookies is available at: www.allaboutcookies.org
Cookies that are used on the website
The table below shows which cookies are used on Getinge’s website, the purpose of each one and the storage period.
Cookie
Purpose
Stored data
Storage period
ASP.NET_SessionId
Used to uniquely identify a browser with session data on the server.
Randomly generated ID
Session
ARRAffinity
Microsoft application request routing maintains the connected server instance for requests per client rather than choosing a new one from the pool for each request.
Randomly generated ID
Session
__RequestVerificationToken
Anti-forgery request recipes to secure the website from cross-site request forgery (CSRF, or XSRF) attacks.
Randomly generated token
Session
region
Remembers selected region preference.
Region ID
Persistent, one week
How to block and/or delete cookies
Most browsers have standard settings that accept the use of cookies. If you do not wish to accept cookies, your browser can be set to automatically deny the storage of cookies or that you should be informed each time a website requests to store cookies. If you use different devices to access the website (for example your computer, smart phone, tablet etc.), you must ensure to adjust the settings of each device.
For more information, please review your browser’s help pages. If you choose not to accept cookies, the website can still be used, but possibly with limited functionality.
Links
This website may contain links to third party websites. Such links are provided for convenience purposes only and Getinge does not endorse such sites. Use of links provided to third party websites are at the user's sole risk.
Country-Specific Information
This website contains information about products which may or may not be available in any particular country, and if available, have received approval or market clearance by a governmental regulatory body for different indications and restrictions in different countries. Each country has specific laws, regulations, and medical practices governing the communication of medical or other information about medical products on the internet. Nothing herein may be construed as a solicitation or promotion for any product which is not authorized by the laws and regulations of the state or country where the reader resides. However, our products and our website comply with the laws applicable for the country selected by the reader.
Changes/Updates
We reserve the right to change any part of this website, including this Web & Privacy Policy, at any time without notice. We assume no obligation to keep this website updated.
Applicable Laws
This Web & Privacy Policy is subject to Swedish laws.
Legal information
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Patent Marking Index
Web Policy
GDPR Compliance Statement
Data Subject Request Form
Declaration of Conformity
Subscription
Clinical insights
Product news
Press releases and regulatory news
E-mail
I agree to receive information from Getinge through an email.