http://www.fcci-group.com/en/privacy-policy.html
Find an agent in your area
City
State
AL
AR
DC
FL
GA
IL
IN
KY
LA
MD
MI
MS
MO
NC
OH
OK
PA
SC
TN
TX
VA
or
Zip code
Refine Results Within
10 Miles
15 Miles
20 Miles
25 Miles
50 Miles
100 Miles
Do you know the agency name? (optional)
Find an Agent
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting FCCI Insurance Group’s website. The insurance companies included in the FCCI Insurance Group are as follows: Brierfield Insurance Company, FCCI Advantage Insurance Company, FCCI Commercial Insurance Company, FCCI Insurance Company, Monroe Guaranty Insurance Company, and National Trust Insurance Company (collectively “FCCI”). This Website Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to www.fcci-group.com as well as to any other websites on the Internet that FCCI or its affiliates own or operate (collectively, the “Website”).
Consent
Links
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE WEBSITE
CONTENT-SPECIFIC PAGES
ONLINE FORUMS, BLOGS AND OTHER INTERACTIVE FEATURES
WEBSITE EFFICIENCY AND COOKIES
THE SECURITY OF YOUR COMMUNICATIONS
ANALYTICS
PRIVACY POLICY QUESTIONS AND ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
By using the Website, you signify your consent to be bound by the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Website. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise update this Policy from time-to-time without notice. You can locate the current version of this Policy by clicking on “Privacy Policy” on the Website.
The Website may contain links to other non-FCCI websites. FCCI is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any other websites on the Internet that are linked to or from the Website. Please note
that when you click on a link on the Website, you may be transferred to another website that may not be under FCCI’s control. FCCI encourages you to read the privacy statements on any of those linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from this Policy.
At FCCI, we value the privacy of our Website and of its visitors. So, it is important that you understand the ways in which personal information is collected on our Website. Personal information collected from you through the Website may include, for example and not by way of limitation, your name, mailing address, telephone or facsimile number, email address, occupation, or any other information that you choose to provide in response to inquiries via the Website. Know that you have control over your personal information when using our Website and that, except for Content-Specific pages outlined below, you may browse the pages on the Website anonymously and without being required to reveal any
personal information. In other words, the Website only collects personal information that you choose to provide.
Our Website may collect two types of information: non-personal information and personal information.
Non-personal information is information that does not identify a particular person. Examples of non-personal information we may collect through the Website include, without limitation, the date and time of access, the area(s) of the Website visited, browser type, operating system, host or Internet Service Provider (ISP) and identification of the site from which you may have been referred to our Website. Non-personal information that is collected is utilized for efforts to improve our Website. When personal information is supplied to FCCI through our Website, we utilize it only for purposes that are associated with the services provided on, or otherwise stated on, the Website. FCCI shares information with its affiliated companies in order to administer commercial insurance policies and to provide our policyholders with efficient service. FCCI applies this same Policy to former and current policyholders. FCCI does not disclose non-public personal information concerning our Consumers to any non-affiliated third parties, except as permitted or required by law.
Certain pages on our Website may provide content tailored for specific customers. Personal information supplied through the registration process will be kept confidential and we do not disclose that personal information to non-affiliated third parties, except where permitted or required by law. Additional privacy notices may be provided.
Users may encounter forums, blogs or other interactive features on our Website that are designed to give consumers the opportunity to share information. FCCI wants you to know that other users of our Website may be able to view any communications you make through such interactive features. As a consequence, you acknowledge through your use of such interactive features that you understand that you do not have any expectation of privacy or confidentiality regarding any content provided through such features, regardless of the type or nature of the information provided.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that may be stored by your browser or on your computer’s hard drive. FCCI may use “cookies” as a part of a larger group of electronic information mechanisms available to tailor user experiences with the Website. For example, FCCI may use Cookies to determine whether a visitor is new or has previously viewed the Website. A user will still be able to access the Website should s/he decide to not allow his/her browser to accept these mechanisms. But, user experience with the Website may not be as efficient when such settings are applied, and it is possible that the user may not be able to access all parts of the Website.
The Internet is not a secure communications medium. While FCCI does employ many safeguards to protect personal information transmitted to it over the Internet, and does periodically test the security of its systems, FCCI is unable to assume responsibility for any harm, loss or damage that you may experience from the transmission of information by or to FCCI over the Internet.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.  Google uses the data collected to track and monitor use of the Website.  This data is shared with other
Google services.  Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  You can opt-out of having your activity on the Website available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.  The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about your visits and activity.  For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or should you desire to access and correct personal information that you submitted through the Website, please send a written request to the address designated below. FCCI will make corrections, whenever possible, but we may not be able to provide information relating to claims, litigation, investigations and other matters. Kindly address questions and requests as follows:
BY MAIL:                                                                                                                                                                  FCCI Insurance Group, Attention: General Counsel, 6300 University Parkway, Sarasota FL  34240-8424
BY EMAIL:                                                                                                                                                                             ComplianceDepartment@fcci-group.com