https://www.corriganmist.com/privacy/
Skip to Content
Site Navigation
Solutions By Product
Solutions By Industry
Corrigan Benefits
Service Excellence
Quality Parts
Free Quote
Request a Catalog
Made in the United States
About Us
Downloads
Case Studies
Contact Us
Support-Login
CorriganMist.com
CorriganHumidity.com
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 9, 2019
Corrigan Corporation of America (hereafter, “CCA”) respects your privacy, and is committed to establishing and maintaining a trustworthy relationship with you. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) covers the treatment of both personal and general information CCA collects when you use CorriganMist.com and CorriganHumidity.com (collectively, the “Website”). Links on the website may lead you to other websites, to which this policy is not bound. Please refer to the privacy policies posted on those websites for applicable information.
Your use of this Website constitutes your agreement with this Policy. If you do not consent, please leave this Website. If you do not consent to sharing certain information with CCA and authorized vendors, do not provide that information.
What information does CCA collect?
We collect information that helps us communicate with you, and to better serve you. We also collect information that is relevant to the operation of our Website.
Information You Choose to Give Us
Website forms: When you fill out a contact form, quote form or any other form on the Website, your name, email address and other contact information are transmitted to CCA for follow-up contact with you.
Email marketing: If you opt in to receive news and/or other notifications in an email marketing subscription, your email address, name and any other pertinent profile information collected with your subscription are added to MailChimp’s (our email service provider’s) database, along with a record of the date and time you supplied that information.
Information We Collect Automatically
Server logs: As is the case with most any website, this Website records traffic data in its server logs. This includes your IP address, the page you requested and the date and time of your request.
Advertising: We advertise our services and receive referrals from other websites. If you clicked on an advertising link that led you to the website (e.g., from a Google search), information relevant to tracking the performance of the advertisement is recorded. The same applies to referrals, as we record the referring website with the date and time.
Metrics: We use Marchex call metrics to track advertising and other placement conversions. See www.marchex.com/privacy-policy for information about what information Marchex collects. We use HubSpot as customer relationship management (CRM) software and for lead analytics. See www.hubspot.com for details about how they handle user information. We also incorporate Google Analytics code into our pages to help identify patterns and track advertising effectiveness anonymously. To find out more about Google Analytics, visit www.google.com/analytics for information. We also use Twitter’s conversion tracking code to measure effectiveness there; see the Twitter privacy policy at twitter.com/en/privacy.
How does CCA use information gathered?
The general and personally identifiable information described above is not shared with parties outside CCA and trusted vendors, unless as described below or in compliance with lawful request by authorities.
CRM information is used in the course of doing business with you—in marketing, sales, and/or support contexts, as applicable.
Subscription information is used solely for the purpose of keeping you informed of product and company news, by your continued permission. You may opt out of your email subscription at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included in any message.
In special cases, such as case studies and press releases, we may display limited contact information of selected individuals on the Website. This is only after having sought and obtained prior consent from each participant. All participants have the right to review and to request removal of this information from the Website at any time.
CCA will not sell, trade, or give freely your personal information. Authorized personnel are granted access to contact information on a “need to access” basis. We do not wish to jeopardize our relationship with you. See our Spam Policy for information specific to our email marketing activity.
How do I request my data, or request that CCA would correct or remove my data?
You may ask for a summary of the information we have collected pertaining to your interactions with CCA. Please call or write, using the means listed in the next section of this Policy.
We gladly will accept updates or corrections you may offer regarding your contact information. This helps us serve you better. Reach out to us via your preferred channel: phone, email, postal mail, or the contact form on this Website.
As mentioned earlier in this Policy, you may click the “unsubscribe” link included in any email marketing message to stop receiving such messages from us. MailChimp retains a record of your opt-out request, with the date and time of the request. However, your contact record may be deleted from MailChimp administratively, on written request.
Please write via email or postal mail your formal request for removal of any of your contact information from our records. Note that some data may be subject to retention regulations, and may not be removable. Some data may be stored in backups for a time, according to the applicable providers’ retention practices.
How does CCA inform me of changes to this Policy?
This Policy is a “living document” and is subject to change. As the Website is updated with new features, or we modify our practices, we will review this Policy to ensure it is consistent. Revisions to the Policy will be posted to the Website with a notice of the date the revision takes effect.
If you have questions regarding this Policy, please feel free to call us at 1 (800) 462-6478 or to write us at
Corrigan Corporation of America
104 Ambrogio Drive
Gurnee, IL 60031