http://www.desertextrusion.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Modified: September 11, 2020 - Effective Date: September 11, 2020
Rotary Corporation (“Rotary”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. As part of our commitment to customer service, Rotary strives to make you feel safe and comfortable doing business with Rotary via Desert Extrusion, a division of Rotary. Here are some guidelines Rotary follows regarding our collection and use of your information – including your Personal Information – and our efforts to keep your personal information private. Rotary reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion without notice.
This Privacy Policy informs you about how we collect, use protect, and disclose your information when you visit the Desert Extrusion website at http://www.desertextrusion.com/ (the “Website”) or use any of the other services that we may make available to you (collectively, “Services”). This Privacy Policy also informs you about certain choices and rights you have associated with that data, and how you can manage the privacy of your Personal Information. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not govern the practices of third parties, including our partners, third party service providers, and/or advertisers, even when those services are branded as, or provided on behalf of, Desert Extrusion or Rotary.
Please note that Desert Extrusion does not place orders for products through the website. Any requests forwarded to sales@desertextrusion.com are made through Rotary. All transactions are governed under Rotary’s privacy policies.
Rotary’s privacy policy applies to our collection and use of individual customers’ Personal Information when you visit the Rotary website at https://www.rotarycorp.com/pages/privacy.
Information collected from you by others, such as third party websites that you access through links on the Website, are governed by those entities’ privacy policies. Please read such third party’s privacy policies carefully.
Certain third-party sites embed a plug-in, widget, or content, including through Desert Extrusion branded buttons, badges. Our plug-ins, widgets, embedded content, and pixels may collect information
Information We Collect
Rotary may collect certain information – including your Personal Information – about you in order to provide and improve our services to you.
The following information describes the categories of personal information Rotary may have collected in the preceding twelve months and the categories of sources from which that information may have been collected.
Business Information. Rotary provides business-to-business services to our commercial customers to help them meet their business needs. As such, much of the information that we collect from our customers relate to their business, including their business’ name, address, zip code, telephone number, email address, financial account information to facilitate transactions with Rotary, and other information related to their business. Additionally, Rotary may need to collect information related to an individual’s role within the company to fulfill an order or inquiry with Rotary, such as the individual’s name, title, location, telephone number, email address, other contact information, and other information.
We may also collect location-related information and information related to your purchase and product interest history.
Please note that all payment card information is passed on to our payment processor and is not stored by Rotary.
“Personal Information” means data about a particular individual or household that identifies, relates to, describes, could be reasonably linked with, or could be used to identify that person or household (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). It may also include other information that may be associated with your Personal Information, such as Generic Information (defined below), location, preferences or interests, if that information can be used to identify you, your household, or your device.
Personal Information: In some instances, Rotary may collect Personal Information, including: your name, address, telephone number, email address, accounts receivable, and account names. This would be through information you provide us, relating to a business. Desertextrusion.com will collect your name and e-mail if you contact us through the Website, http:// www.desertextrusion.com/contact-us.
Generic Information: This includes information that does not, by itself, identify you. Generic Information may include data that relates to Website pages viewed and their duration, your IP address information, your browser or operating system information, or other information that relates to your interaction with our Website. In some situations, Generic Information may be used or combined in a way that it identifies you. In those situations, such information will be treated like Personal Information.
Cookies & Tracking Data: The Website may use third party products and services to gather anonymous traffic statistics using cookies. A cookie is a small piece of information stored on your device that helps websites and multiple servers recognize you. Rotary uses cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Some of the cookies we use are “strictly necessary” for the functionality of our Websites. Others improve the functionality of our Websites but are not strictly necessary. Some cookies help improve the performance of our Websites (such as by gathering analytic data), while others help provide targeted services to you (like ads that you may be interested in).
Examples of cookies we use include:
Type of cookie (Purpose)What these cookies doHow to exercise your cookie choicesEssential Website CookiesThese cookies are necessary to provide you some of a Website’s features, such as remembering your activities on the Website.You can control and delete these cookies through your web browser settings. However, if you choose to do so, then you will not be able to use the full functionality of the Website.Preference CookiesWe use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Preference cookies are first party cookies that remain on your computer or device until you delete them or they are otherwise removed upon expiration.Analytics CookiesWe may use a third party to collect information on how the Website is used and to report on the Website usage statistics.If you do not wish for Rotary to use analytics cookies, please contact us at webmaster@rotarycorp.com.Session CookiesWe may use session cookies to grant our users access to content and to enable actions such as remembering information as you are entering it.These temporary cookies expire and are automatically erased whenever you close your browser window.Pixel Tags, Web Beacons, and Transparent GIFsPixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on website pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve our web pages.You can control and delete these cookies through your web browser or mobile device settings. However, if you choose to do so, then you will not be able to use the full functionality of the Website.
Personal Information Collected Over the Last 12 MonthsRotary has not collected any other types of Personal Information from our customers and visitors over the last 12 months.“Do Not Track” Browser SettingsRotary does not use technology that recognizes a “do-not-track” signal from your web browser, because we do not track users other than for aggregate statistical purposes. Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.We may track your online activities over time and across third party Website or online services using exclusively Aggregate Information.Third parties may collect data that relates to you. We cannot control third parties’ responses to do-not-track signals or other such mechanisms. Third parties’ use of data relating to you and responsiveness to do-not-track signals is governed by their respective privacy policies.How We Collect Your InformationDesert Extrusion collects information you decide to share with us through the Website’s “Contact Us” feature, when you email to sales@desertextrusion.com, or through the information you provide in the “Desert Extrusion Image and Documentation Agreement.” Desert Extrusion does not store this information.On occasion, you may provide Personal Information within your role as an authorized dealer when, for instance, providing payment or account information, or when you email Rotary or Desert Extrusion. We also may collect information through the use of cookies.How We Disclose or Share Your InformationDesert Extrusion is a manufacturing company for world class trimmer line. The Website is meant for informational purposes and is not in the business of selling Personal Information. Rotary also does not sell, rent or lease its customers' Business Information or Personal Information to third parties.Rotary may share customer information with third parties who provide services and products to Rotary. Examples of ways in which your information may be used include, but are not limited to, the following:Order fulfillment – for instance, we will share your information, such as your name, your company information, address, and order information with the companies that help us ship your order to you. We may also share information with our product suppliers.Marketing activities including direct mail and e-mail marketing effortsDatabase cleaning, maintenance, and analysisCustomer experience enhancementsWarranty managementTo investigate, protect against and help prosecute individuals responsible for malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity involving or affecting Rotary and/ or our customers. This may include disclosures to law enforcement, prosecutors, and other entities to investigate potential criminal activity and other civil violations. To comply with applicable laws, in response to a lawful and enforceable request by a law enforcement, judicial, or other public authority, or in connection with an applicable legal obligation.We share or otherwise disclose individuals’ and business’ information to the following categories of third parties. These third parties are granted access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.Fulfillment ProvidersMarketers (on a limited basis)Payment ProcessorsRotary is a business-to-business service for our commercial customers, and not for individual customers. Therefore, the majority of information shared is your Business Information or Generic Information as it relates to your role within your company. For instance, we need to share your Business Information such as your name, your address and/or location information, your payment information, the items you have requested to purchase, and any other information necessary
to
complete
your
order. We may
at
times
need
to
share
your
Generic
or Usage Information, such as your IP address and/or browser information, in relation to maintaining our services, and providing you with advertisement or other marketing. At times, such Business Information or Generic information may qualify as Personal Information.How Long We Keep Your InformationWhile Desert Extrusion does not actively sore your information, Rotary and Desert Extrusion will keep your Personal Information to enable your continued use of our services, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this. We will retain and use your Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies, as necessary to protect our rights and interests, or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we may retain your purchase information to facilitate fulfillment of your order and to help us respond to your inquiries.This information can be deleted at any time with a request sent to:http://www.desertextrusion.com/contact-usSecurity of DataThe security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, and destruction, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. By using services, you acknowledge that there are data security and privacy limitations inherent to the use of the Internet, and that the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information exchanged between you and Rotary, or between you and other related entities, cannot be guaranteed. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or that we store, and you do so at your own risk.If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there. If you are located in the European Union, you should be aware that U.S. data protection laws are not deemed to be as adequate as those in the European Union. Your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.Links to Other SitesRotarycorp.com and desertextrusion.com may include links to other websites or services that are not operated by us. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites. This Privacy Policy does not govern the practices of third parties, including our partners, third party service providers, and/or advertisers, even when those services are branded as, or provided on behalf of, Desert Extrusion or Rotary. Rotary is not responsible for and does not control the security or privacy when you visit those sites. Rotary encourages you to visit the privacy notices governing those sites.ChildrenAll of Rotary’s and Desert Extrusion’s goods and services, including our website, are intended for adult audiences. We do not offer or provide products and services for, and none of our products or services are intended for or directed to, anyone under 18. As such, children under 18 may not use our website. If you are under 18, do not attempt to register an account, purchase products, or use our services, including our Website, do not provide us any Personal Information about yourself.If we learn that any Personal Information of any person under the age of 18 has been collected, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has violated this Privacy Policy and provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.California Data Protection & Privacy RightsDesert Extrusion is a manufacturing company not intended for direct sales. Rotary is a business- to-business service we offer to our commercial customers and is not meant for or provided to individual consumers. Accordingly, much of the information that Rotary collects is Business Information. Please visit https://www.rotarycorp.com/ and the Privacy Policy for information about Rotary’s privacy practices related to our individual users and customers.To the extent that Rotary collects Personal Information about Rotary customers, California residents are afforded certain rights related to their information under state law. Rotary aims to take reasonable steps to allow California residents to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Information, and exercise other rights available under applicable law. Rotary informs you that, where applicable under relevant law, individuals may be entitled to the following:
Right to Access / Disclosure: To have access to your Personal Information upon simple request – that is, you may receive a copy of such data upon receipt of a verifiable request, along with other information related to the collection or processing.
Disclosure of Direct Marketers: to have access upon simple request, and free of charge, the categories and names of addresses of third parties that have received Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. Please see the “Direct Marketers Disclosure” section below for more information.
Collecting, Selling, Sharing, or Disclosing Personal Information: upon receipt of a verifiable request, to obtain a list of:The specific pieces of your Personal Information Rotary holds;The categories of Personal Information collected about you, sold to third parties, or disclosed to third parties for business purposes;The categories of Personal Information sold within the last 12 months;The categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected;The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information; andThe categories of third parties with whom Personal Information is shared, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose.Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information: California residents have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) to opt-out of the sale of their PersonalInformation under certain circumstances. As noted elsewhere, however, Rotary does not sell individuals’ Personal Information.Right to Deletion / “Right to be Forgotten”: to obtain the deletion of your Personal Information in the situations set forth by applicable data protection law and upon receipt of a verifiable request.Right to Data Portability: to have your Personal Information directly transferred by us to a third-party processor of your choice (where technically feasible; may be limited to situations when processing is based on your consent).Right to Non-Discrimination. As defined under relevant law, you have a right to non- discrimination in the Services or quality of Services you receive from us for exercising your rights.Please contact us at the information in “Contact Us” Section below in relation to exercising these rights. Note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.Direct Marketers DisclosuresIf you are a California resident, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, in addition to the rights set forth above. Under California law, you have the right to send us a request at the designated address listed below to receive the following information:The categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year;The names and addresses of the third parties that received the information; and If the nature of the third party’s business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.To make such a request, please provide sufficient information for us to determine if this applies to you, and attest to the fact that you are a California resident. Please also provide a current California address for our response. You may make this request in writing to us at the below address. Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description, and include your name, street address, city, state and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the address provided for this purpose below.Note that responsive information may be provided in a standardized format that is not specific to you.Updates to this Privacy PolicyFrom time to time, Rotary and Desert Extrusion may modify their privacy policies. The most current versions of our privacy policies are accessible through the websites. Rotary and Desert Extrusion encourage you periodically to check back to this page for any updates. The most current version of our Privacy Policy is accessible on our website at all times. In the future, we may need or choose to change this Privacy Policy, and we reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and at our sole discretion. We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on this page and note the effective date so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. If we materially change our practices regarding collection or use of your Personal Information, your Personal Information will continue to be governed by the Privacy Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice, and have not objected to, such change.Your ChoicesWhile Rotary encourages you to take advantage of the services on our website, you can use most of Desert Extrusion’s online services without registering your information with Rotary.Submitting a Verifiable Request to RotaryAs mentioned above, California residents have certain rights to access, delete, or otherwise control the use, collection, and/or disclosure of their information. Rotary will respond to an individual’s “verifiable request” to exercise his or her rights under such laws – that is, where Rotary has received a request purporting to be from a particular individual, and Rotary has been able to verify the individual’s identity. The need to verify an individual’s identity is critical to protecting your information, and ensuring that your information is not shared with anyone pretending to be you or someone who is not authorized to act as your agent on your behalf.You may submit a verifiable request via our email address, mailing address, or toll-free number, listed in the “Contact Us” section below. Rotary will ask you to provide information about yourself so that we can verify your identity as part of this process. This information may include your name, your address, your account information, and any other information deemed necessary by Rotary to reasonably verify your identity, to ensure that your information is not shared with anyone impersonating you.We may ask for additional information if we have difficulty confirming your identity. We will not share your information or honor other requests in those situations in which we are unable to confirm a request for your information is a “verifiable request.”Under California law a consumer can appoint an “authorized agent” to make certain verifiable requests upon their behalf, such as the right to know what information we collect about the consumer or to request deletion of the consumer’s information. Because the security and privacy of your information is paramount, we will ask that you identify and provide permission in writing for such persons to act as your authorized agent and exercise your applicable rights under California law in such situations. This may require us to contact you directly and alert you that an individual has claimed to be your agent and is attempting to access or delete your information. We will also independently verify your identity to ensure that an unauthorized person is not attempting to impersonate you and exercise your rights without authorization. We will not share your information or honor any other requests in those situations where you cannot or do not grant permission in writing for an identified authorized agent to act on your behalf, or where we cannot independently verify your identity.http://www.desertextrusion.com/contact-usRotary’s RightsExcept as provided for in the Dispute Resolution – Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver provision herein, to the full extent permissible by applicable law, Rotary reserves all rights and remedies available to it in law or equity. Waiver by Rotary, or inaction by Rotary with respect to your breach of any provision of this Privacy Policy, or failure of Rotary to enforce any provision of this Privacy Policy will not be deemed a waiver of future compliance therewith or a course of performance modifying such provision, and such provision will remain in full force and effect as written.International Visitors and Transfers of Your InformationThe Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States. Laws governing data collection and use in other regions of the world may differ from U.S. law. If you are visiting this website or utilizing or attempting to utilize our services from a country other than the United States, the various communications you send and receive will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries to the United States. This includes transmissions containing your Personal Information.If you are located in the European Union you should be aware that information you provide or which is otherwise collected on this website or through any services rendered may be transferred to countries (including the United States) which do not have data protection laws deemed as adequate as those in the European Union.How to Contact UsIf you have questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site, please contact us using the information below. You may also opt out by visiting rotarycorp.com, by calling 800.841.3989, or by mailing/emailing a letter to the addresses shown below:PO BOX 747Glennville, Georgia 30427 United Stateswebmaster@rotarycorp.comDifficulty Accessing Our Privacy PolicyIndividuals with disabilities who are unable to usefully access our Privacy Policy online may contact us at the above-listed contact information to inquire how they can obtain a copy of our policy in another, more easily readable format.
Want to know more?
Our Quality
Our Testing
Our Patents