http://www.kahlenberg.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy
Policy
Privacy Policy
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Kahlenberg website. Kahlenberg will use the information collected on our “contact us” form to evaluate a potential client's needs and requests of services to be provided by Kahlenberg. Information requested includes the following: Name, Title, Company, Address, City, State, Zip Code, Phone, Email and Website URL.
How We Collect and Use Your Information
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will respond to you specifically concerning the information you included in your online request. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We will only contact you via phone if you indicate this preference in the contact form. If you do not wish to be contacted by phone simply check the box labeled “Email” under the statement “I prefer to be contacted via:” on the form.
How We Secure Your Data
Currently we do not collect sensitive information online which may require encryption, i.e., Credit Card Number. However, we would like to take the time to stress the importance of data encryption and make you aware of how to ensure the protection of such information. Never enter sensitive information on a website on which you cannot verify proper security.
You can verify this by looking for a closed-lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or by looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
How To Make Corrections On Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing us at info@kahlenberg.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that describes the error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Contacting Kahlenberg
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 920-793-4507