http://www.pstc911.com/privacy-policy
Host a PSTC Class and get FREE SEATS!1-800-348-8911HomeSchedule & EnrollCoursesHost a Class2 Minute TrainingAboutContact UsAbout PSTCPrivacy PolicyMAKE A RESERVATIONResourcesStudent Resources & Links9-1-1 Cares Store9-1-1 on DVD9-1-1 Cares HomepageAdditional ResourcesMAKE A RESERVATIONMoreHomeSchedule & EnrollCoursesHost a Class2 Minute TrainingAboutContact UsAbout PSTCPrivacy PolicyMAKE A RESERVATIONResourcesStudent Resources & Links9-1-1 Cares Store9-1-1 on DVD9-1-1 Cares HomepageAdditional ResourcesMAKE A RESERVATION1-800-348-8911HomeSchedule & EnrollCoursesHost a Class2 Minute TrainingAboutResourcesMAKE A RESERVATION
Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting your privacy at PSTC and all of our related companies. We will not collect any personal information from you that you do not volunteer, and we are the sole owner of all information collected on this site. We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement.Your Information      When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.      • To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.      • To quickly process your transactions.      • To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products      • To follow up with them after correspondence (via email or phone inquiries_Cookies      We prefer white chocolate macadamia cookies but oatmeal raisin and good old fashion chocolate chip rate high on our list. As for computer cookies, we DO NOT collect any data on you via cookies except that you visited the site. We do not share or sell that data, we just use it to see how many visits we get on our sites. We honor Do Not Track signals.
Security      We use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose both in your browsing and your purchases. Our site is protected by Authorize.net, the most trusted security available, and conduct Malware Scans on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the  information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.Third-party disclosure      We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law,  enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act      CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy  policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals  or companies with whom it is being shared. See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf      You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page, and you may change your personal information by emailing us.According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
Fair Information Practices      In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur we will notify you via email within 3 business days. We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM Act      IN accordance with the CAN SPAM Act we agree to only send emails for the sake of sending information; responding to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions; marketing to our mailing list or continuing to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:      • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)      When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.QuestionsIf you wish to change any information you have given us, or have any questions on our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at ask@pstc911.com or call 650-595-5202.
Copyright © 2019 PSTC - All Rights Reserved.  Designed by Tilley Digital MediaHomeSchedule & EnrollCoursesHost a ClassContact UsAbout PSTCPrivacy PolicyMAKE A RESERVATION9-1-1 Cares StorePowered by GoDaddy Website Builder.