http://www.mpitulsa.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy - Tulsa, Oklahoma - Midwest Precision Inc.
Contact Us
Home
Company Profile
Our Services
Fabrication & Assembly
Waterjet Cutting
WeldingCNC Metal Punching & Laser Combination
Press Brake & Roll Forming
Laser Cutting
Examples of Our Work
Fabrication of Architectural Steel Structures for AHHA Project
Laser Cutting & Welding for Boom Support Assembly
Waterjet Cutting & Material Management for Caterpillar Project
Fabrication of Custom Chassis WeldmentPunching & Laser Cutting for Cross Member Project
Custom Machining of Stainless Steel Flag Indicator
Call: 918.835.8900
Email: info@mpitulsa.comMidwest Precision Inc.
A Single Source Manufacturing SolutionServicesFabrication & Assembly Waterjet Cutting Welding CNC Metal Punching
& Laser Combination Press Brake Forming
& Roll Forming Laser Cutting
Examples of Our WorkFabrication of Architectural Steel Structures for AHHA ProjectLaser Cutting & Welding for Boom Support AssemblyWaterjet Cutting & Material Management for Caterpillar ProjectFabrication of Custom Chassis WeldmentPunching & Laser Cutting for Cross Member ProjectCustom Machining of Stainless Steel Flag Indicator
Tweet
Printable Page
Email This PagePrivacy PolicyMidwest Precision Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@mpitulsa.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Midwest Precision Inc.'s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Midwest Precision Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
Midwest Precision Inc.'s website does not use cookies.Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Midwest Precision Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Midwest Precision Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Midwest Precision Inc. and is effective as of January 28, 2014. This statement does not create an agreement between Midwest Precision Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.Contact Us:
Midwest Precision Inc.
9725 E Admiral Place
Tulsa, OK 74116-2527
Tel: 918.835.8900
Fax: 918.835.1199
Email: info@mpitulsa.com
www.mpitulsa.com
Midwest Precision Inc.
9725 E Admiral Place |Tulsa, OK 74116-2527
Tel: 918.835.8900 |Fax: 918.835.1199
Email: info@mpitulsa.com |www.mpitulsa.com
Privacy |Sitemap
Copyright © 2014 Midwest Precision Inc. , All Rights Reserved.