http://www.arnott-group.co.uk/privacy-policy/
LoginCreate account
My account
Need Help? 01604 882232
Contact Us
Arnott Group
The Arnott Group website was set up to promote the product ranges and services of Arnott Handling Equipment Ltd and Arnott Conveyors Ltd. Please use the following information to contact us. Thank you.
Contact Details
Email: sales@arnott-group.co.uk
Phone: 01604 882232
Office Address
Ferro Fields Brixworth Northamptonshire NN6 9UA
Registered in England: 5046307
VAT Number: GB 833 9054 23
Privacy Policy
The Arnott Group takes the privacy of all our customers and website visitors very seriously. This Privacy Policy outlines how we will treat personal information which you provide when you visit our website.
If you provide personal information other than by this website, you will be informed at the time as to how it will be treated.
What Information do we collect?
We collect personal information when you use enquiry services on this website and when you e-mail us with your details. We collect information such as your name and contact details.
How do we use and disclose your information?
We use personal information which is collected from our website as follows:
to process requests and enquiries that you make via this website
for market and statistical research
to track activity on our website and to improve the quality of our service
to create an individual profile for you so that we can inform you of particular products or services that may be of interest to you. We may contact you by mail, e-mail, telephone or otherwise
If you telephone us we may monitor and/or record calls for service quality, fraud prevention and training purposes.In carrying out the above activities we may transfer data outside the UK to countries which may not necessarily give you the same level of protection regarding the use of your personal information.
Opting out of marketing
You have the right to ask us not to send you marketing information or to pass your information to other organisations for this purpose. You can do this by clicking the appropriate box when you submit your information, or you can write to or e-mail us at any time to request this. Please note however that if you do opt out, we will not be able to keep you informed of new products or services which may interest you.
Cookies
Like many other website operators we use standard technology called "cookies" on this site. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. The cookie contains a number which is unique to the particular visitor.
Our cookies enable us to identify that you have visited our website and to store information about the products you visit. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies being stored.
If you turn cookies off this will limit our understanding as to what products or services may be of interest to you. You can find out more about our Cookie Policy by visiting our Cookie Policy page.
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line.
By submitting your information you accept the security risks of providing information and dealing on-line and you will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
Please note that this website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked web sites.
Your Rights
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have a right to a copy of personal information which we hold about you. You can request this upon payment of a £10 fee by writing to:
The Company Secretary, Arnott Group Ltd, Ferro Fields, Brixworth, Northampton, NN6 9UA
How To Contact us
If you have any queries or comments regarding our privacy policy, please write to:
Arnott Group Ltd, Ferro Fields, Brixworth, Northampton, NN6 9UA
Need our help?
We are here to support you. Contact us today if you need any additional information.
Contact Arnotts
Home
×
×
Login
Forgot your password?
Create A New Account