https://www.geschmidt.com/privacy-policy/
G.E. Schmidt Privacy Policy
We take your privacy and security seriously.
Who we are
G.E. Schmidt is a manufacturer and distributor of resistance welding and general industrial products. We have locations based in the USA and Canada (G.E. Schmidt), the UK (Cushway-Schmidt Ltd.), Mexico (Tenacity Works Mexico) and Germany (G.E. Schmidt GmbH).
Our website address is: https://www.geschmidt.com. For sales or information about purchased products, please email sales@geschmidt.com. For questions or concerns about the website, please contact webmaster@geschmidt.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact and Quote Request Forms
G.E. Schmidt uses contact forms and “quote request” forms to collect voluntarily supplied information from our customers to help us respond with additional information about a topic or product of their interest. G.E. Schmidt does not sell, share or otherwise distribute information collected via these forms. We may use the provided information to establish contact.
Cookies
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Enable/Disable Google Webfonts
Enable/Disable Embedded Videos from Youtube
Analytics
G.E. Schmidt uses analytics platforms that collects and aggregates visitor data to help us gauge site performance. We do not collect any personally identifiable data, and we do not share our analytics with third parties.
Enable/Disable Google Analytics tracking
Who we share your data with
We do not share data with anyone outside of G.E. Schmidt’s organizations (G.E. Schmidt, Cushway-Schmidt Ltd., G.E. Schmidt GmbH, TWMX).
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. The G.E. Schmidt Store uses Stripe to process credit card transactions, and employees/administrators of the site do not have access to card numbers, etc.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
How we protect your data
G.E. Schmidt uses SiteLock for website security and protection, and we strive to maintain good security practices otherwise as well. All data hosted by G.E. Schmidt is served over HTTPS. For more information on our SSL certificate, please click on the icon in the address bar of your browser.
Please use the following toggles to disable specific cookies and utilities if desired.
Enable/Disable Google Analytics tracking
Enable/Disable Google Webfonts
Enable/Disable Google Maps
Enable/Disable Embedded Videos from Youtube
Search Site
©2020 G.E. Schmidt
Do not reproduce content without the express written permission of G.E. Schmidt.
Nut & Bolt Welding
Spot Welding
Tip Dressing
Consumables
Kaizen
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKMore Info & SettingsCookie and Privacy Settings
How we use cookies
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.
Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Google Analytics Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here: Click to enable/disable Google Analytics tracking.
Other external services
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Webfonts.
Google Map Settings:
Click to enable/disable Google Maps.
Youtube video embeds:
Click to enable/disable video embeds.
Privacy Policy
You can read about our cookies and privacy settings in detail on our Privacy Policy Page.
Privacy Policy
Accept settingsHide notification onlyCheck to enable permanent hiding of message bar and refuse all cookies if you do not opt in. We need 2 cookies to store this setting. Otherwise you will be prompted again when opening a new browser window or new a tab.Click to enable/disable essential site cookies.