https://www.noven.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc. website. Your access to and use of the contents of this website is subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) so please carefully read the following Terms of Use before viewing or using any portion of this website. Noven reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms of Use at any time.
Use of Website.  The contents of this website are intended for general information and educational purposes, not as an alternative or supplement to healthcare. By accessing and using this website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to all the Terms of Use and will be bound by them without limitation or qualification. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not access or otherwise use this website.
Medical Information. This website contains general information relating to various medical conditions and their treatment. Such information is not meant to be a substitute for advice provided by a doctor or other qualified health care professional. Nothing on this website should be considered medical advice. You should always consult with a doctor or other health care professional about any medical questions you may have.
Content. While reasonable efforts have been made to provide accurate and current information on this website, Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc. makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or completeness. You agree that all access and use of this website and its content is at your own risk. Nothing contained on this website shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of Noven, its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors or joint venture partners, or any third party.
Product Information. The product information provided on this website is intended only for residents of the United States and its territories who generally are 18 years of age or older. Information on Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity disorder and childhood epilepsy, for example, may be appropriate to help adolescents 13 years of age or older discuss these topics with their parent(s), caregiver(s), or healthcare professional(s). The products discussed on this website may not be available in all countries or may be available under different names, in different strengths or formulations. Noven products should only be used or administered consistent with approved labeling and pursuant to your health care professional’s direction.
Exclusion of Warranties.  THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND NOVEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. NOVEN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO PART OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitation of Liability.  In no event and under no circumstances shall Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc., its affiliates, and subsidiaries, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, information providers and licensors, and their respective heirs and assigns be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special exemplary, punitive or other damages, even if informed of the possibility of such damages, resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this website or from your reliance on any information on this website. Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc. shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access, this website or from your reliance on any information on this site. This limitation includes damages to or for any viruses that infect your computer equipment.
Trademarks. The trademarks, product names, logos and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on this website, whether or not appearing in large print or with a trademark symbol, are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors or joint venture partners, unless otherwise noted. The use or misuse of the Trademarks or any other content of this website, except as expressly permitted herein, is strictly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright and/or trademark laws, or other tort or property laws including libel, slander, privacy, publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Copyrights. Copyright © 1999-2020 Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc. You should assume that the contents of this website are copyrighted, unless otherwise noted, and may not be copied other than for your own personal, noncommercial use, provided any copy retains all copyright or other proprietary notices and disclaimers. Without the express written consent of Noven, any further copying, distribution or publication of such personal, noncommercial copy, and any other copying, displaying, distributing, reproducing, republishing or transmission of any of the website contents, in whole or in part, in any electronic or tangible medium, and the creation of any derivative work based on the website contents, is prohibited.
Prohibited Transmissions. You agree that you will not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish through this website any material that (1) restricts or limits the ability of any other visitor to use this website, (2) is unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, or indecent, (3) constitutes or encourages conduct that would be a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability, or otherwise violates the law, (4) violates, plagiarizes, or infringes the rights of any third party, or (5) contains a virus or other harmful or potentially harmful component.
Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc., its affiliates, and subsidiaries, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, information providers and licensors, and their respective heirs and assigns from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation by you of the Terms of Use.
Submissions.  Subject to any applicable terms and conditions set forth in our Privacy Policy, any communication or information received by Noven through any feedback or contact mechanism on this website from visitors to this website, including questions, comments, data, ideas and/or know-how, shall be deemed to be nonconfidential. Noven shall be free to use any concept, know-how, process, or technique contained in any such communication for any purpose whatsoever, without compensation or further obligation to the sender.
Links To/From Third Party Websites. This website may provide links to other websites that are maintained by third parties over whom Noven has no control. Noven is not responsible for the accuracy or any other aspect of the information contained on such sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from users' access to such sites. Links to other sites are provided only as a convenience to users of our site. Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind as to the accuracy, completeness, or currency of any information provided on such sites. If you link to any third party website from this website, you should review its terms of use and privacy policy as it may be different from those governing this website. You may not link to this website without the express prior written consent of Noven. Noven reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse any request to link to this website.
Governing Law.  These Terms of Use, your performance under it, and any disputes arising under it shall be governed exclusively by the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York, without giving effect to their conflict of laws principles. You expressly consent to the exclusive forum, jurisdiction, and venue of the courts of the state of New York in any and all actions, disputes, or controversies relating to these Terms of Use.
You are about to leave Noven.com to:
Link Placeholder
Please be advised that Noven has no control over the content or presentation of the site you are about to view. Click the "Continue" button to proceed.
To return to Noven.com, click "Cancel" or close this window.
Continue
Cancel
Privacy Policy
For U.S. Audience Only
©1999-2020 Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
All rights reserved.