http://www.triciahelfer.com/privacy-policy
Tricia Helfer
Cart
0
Shop Online
Home
Our Story
Contact
Privacy Policy TRICIAHELFER.COMPRIVACY STATEMENTYour privacy is important to TRICIAHELFER.COM.  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that TRICIAHELFER.COM collects, and the ways in which TRICIAHELFER.COM uses that personal information.Personal information collectionTRICIAHELFER.COM may collect and use the following kinds of personal information: linformation about your use of this website (including location data, browser type, time spent at website); linformation that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website (including name, address, email, phone number);]linformation about transactions carried out over this website; linformation that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services (including updates); andlany other information that you send to TRICIAHELFER.COM. Using personal information TRICIAHELFER.COM may use your personal information to:  ladminister this website;lpersonalize the website for you;lenable your access to and use of the website services;lsend to you products that you purchase;lsupply to you services that you purchase;lsend to you statements and invoices;lcollect payments from you; andlsend you marketing communications. Where TRICIAHELFER.COM discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.  In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, TRICIAHELFER.COM may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. Securing your data TRICIAHELFER.COM will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. TRICIAHELFER.COM will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers (provided by SquareSpace.com).  Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology. Cross-border data transfers Information that TRICIAHELFER.COM collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which TRICIAHELFER.COM operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information. Updating this statement TRICIAHELFER.COM may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.   You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.   Other websites This website contains links to other websites.   TRICIAHELFER.COM is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party. Contact TRICIAHELFER.COM If you have any questions about this privacy policy or TRICIAHELFER.COM’s treatment of your personal information, please write: lby email to helfershop@gmail.com