http://www.truth.com/privacy.cfm
Contact Us Customer Login
Home
Products
Hinged Window Hardware
Operators
Hinges
Locks
Skylights
Push-Out Hardware
Sliding Window Hardware
Harmony™ System
Fusion™ System
Locks
Lifts
Latches
Rollers
Door Hardware
Sliding Door Hardware
Swinging Door Hardware
Sidelite Hardware
Commercial Window Hardware
Operators
Skylights
Hinges
Locks
Home Safety Products
New Products
E-Gard® Plus™
Products FAQ
Engineering Solutions
Technical Support
Replacement Hardware
Product Identification
Find A Distributor
Warranties
Hardware Application Questions
Motorized Hardware Troubleshooting
Manuals and Videos
Technical Catalogs
Answers to Industry Issues
Image Library
Sentry Utilities
Bi-Fold Panel Calculator
Bi-Fold Frame Calculator
Industry News
Blog: Perspectives
Tradeshows
Publications & Websites
Trade Associations
About Us
What We Do
Company History
ISO Certification
Patents
Green Mission
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account and going to the 'My Account' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.truth.com/terms.cfm
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 03-15-2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.truth.com
700 West Bridge StreetOwatonna, MN 55060United States
truthsal@truth.com
507-451-5620
Home
Perspectives
Customer Login
Replacement Hardware
Product Catalog
Technical Support
Engineering Solutions
Manuals & Media
Support / FAQ
About Us
Contact Us
Mobile Site
© 2020 AmesburyTruth •
Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service