https://www.polyguardcovers.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Polyguard Covers, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website, as well as our clients and customers. Any information given to Polyguard Covers, Inc. through this website will be used strictly by Polyguard Covers, Inc. Volunteered information may be stored by us, but will not be disclosed to any outside entity. We will not give, sell, rent or exchange the information with anyone else without your prior consent except as compelled by law (see the Compelled Disclosure section).
By using the PolyGuardCovers.com web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Polyguard Covers, Inc. If the Polyguard Covers, Inc. privacy policy changes, those changes will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information is collected, how the information is used, and under what circumstances the information is disclosed.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Standard website tracking via server logs and website analytics is not identifiable, and therefore not personal data. Information submitted via a contact form is, as name and email identity a person.
Server Logs
Our servers may record the numerical Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. We do not connect this information to your name or identity. We use this information to measure the number of visitors to different sections of the site, to diagnose and correct system errors, and to improve the site. We delete this information after three months.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, but only to maintain data required for the current session. This does not include any personal data, but does include your IP address. The cookies automatically collect this data, and expire at the end of each web session.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store data that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Analytics
Google Analytics automatically tracks general visit and pageview data, including IP addresses, which is non-identifiable. We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy. If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page. Google Analytics is also tracking demographic and affinity data via advertising cookies, which is considered personal data. This is only used for web analytics purposes. Standard Google Analytics tracking is retained indefinitely. Demographic and affinity data from Google Analytics will be deleted 26 months after it is collected.
Order Information
When you order, we need to know your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number, and credit card expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. When you place your order your billing, shipping, order and payment information will be transferred to Polyguard Covers, LLC. through the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to Polyguard Covers, LLC. or sent to you. Furthermore, all of the customer data collected is protected against unauthorized access through the most up-to-date industry-standard security measures.
Form Submission
We solicit personal data via our lead forms, such as name, email address, address, and phone number. Personal data may be used to contact the user. Visitors are given a choice of whether to consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy at the bottom of the form. This data is gathered to determine interest in our services, to communicate and interact with you about our services and projects, and to send an email newsletter if given is given. We may also use feedback to tailor the customer experience.
Online Accounts
Staff and customers may have an online WordPress account that includes name, email, address, and order history.
Accounting
We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law.
Children
Polyguard Covers, LLC. is concerned about the privacy of young children and does not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13. We suggest that you become involved with your child’s access to the Internet and to our site to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Compelled Disclosure
If we are required by law to disclose the information that you have submitted, we will attempt to provide you with notice (unless we are prohibited) that a request for your information has been made in order to give you an opportunity to object to the disclosure. We will attempt to provide this notice by email, if you have given us an email address, or by postal mail if you have entered a postal address. We will independently object to overly broad requests for access to information about visitors to our site. If you do not challenge the disclosure request, we may be legally required to turn over your information.
How we protect your data
We do our best to keep your personal data safe.  We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. Even though we try our best we cannot guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made February 24, 2020.
Contact Information
Scott McBride, Owner/Manager
Polyguard Covers, Inc.
Street Address
Windsor, CO 80550
970.674.0377
scottmc@www.polyguardcovers.com
Please enter your zip code
Measuring and Installation services are available in areas serviced by authorized installers.
Please enter your address.>
CLOSE