http://www.sminteriors.net/sm/smprivacy.shtml
FINESSE • ELEGANCE • INNOVATION AND FINANCIAL PRUDENCE
Friday 11 Dec 2020
NAVIGATE
Home
Design
Gallery
Home
Design
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
We respect our users' privacy and state our firm commitment to the Internet ethics and privacy code. We do not share personal information with third parties. Your personal information is under your control. You can update or change your information at anytime.
Cookies
This Site uses cookies to handle the login process properly and safely. Cookie contains your login information. When you "Sign out" the cookies will be cleared from your computer.
Public forums
Space Master Interiors takes no responsibility for information circulated on the public exchanges. The information disclosed in chat rooms, forums, message boards and news groups is public information and we advise you take caution if disclosing personal information in this manner.
External links
Space Master Interiors (www.sminteriors.net) is not responsible for the content and privacy practices of the linked Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of data and information.
Your account is under your exclusive control and it is your responsibility to keep your password secure and safe.
Space Master Interiors uses secure third party payment processing services for Credit Card payments and electronic transactions (we do not store credit card information). Although appropriate measures have been taken, please note that with current technology, the security of the data transferred over the Internet cannot be guaranteed.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about interior design project bidding, or want to report a violation, please feel free to contact us.
Copyright ©
Space Master Interiors
Terms - Privacy
Office interior design advertise commercial office design contracts commercial office design
bid on contracts advertise your project for free find designers for office interiors commercial office design online project bidding design office interiors commercial office interior designs