http://www.topicalbiomedics.com/pages/policies
Skip to content
Close menu
Science
Shop
Stores
Media
About Us
Contact
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close
USE CODE 'WECARE2020' AT CHECKOUT FOR 50% OFF + FREE S&H ON YOUR ENTIRE ORDER. VALID THROUGH 12/31/20 11:59PM ET.
"Close"
Shipping, Return andPrivacy Policies
Topricin Shipping Policy
Your total shipping charges are based on the shipping method selected, the subtotal of your order and any applicable surcharges. Special shipping promotions and offers may reduce or eliminate shipping charges. Your total shipping charge will appear as a line item under your subtotal during the checkout process. Any tax will appear as separate line items. Typical shipping charges for all U.S. locations (except Alaska and Hawaii) are as follows:
*For all shipments outside the US, there may be an additional customs fee imposed by your country. Please contact your Customs Office for more information.
Domestic Shipments (US Only)
Order Subtotal
US Postal Service
UPS Ground
5-10 Business Days
5-8 Business Days
$0 - $2.50
$1.50
Calculated at Checkout
$2.51 - $6.99
$3.95
Calculated at Checkout
$7.00 - $15.00
$4.95
Calculated at Checkout
$15.01 - $24.99
$5.95
Calculated at Checkout
$25.00 - $50.00
$7.95
Calculated at Checkout
$50.01 - $74.95
$9.95
Calculated at Checkout
$74.96 - $149.99
$12.95
Calculated at Checkout
$150.00 and up
Free
Calculated at Checkout
* The order cut-off time for Priority Air Shipping is 1 pm (Central Time). Orders placed after 1 pm (Central Time) will be processed the next business day.
International Shipments (US Only)
Order Subtotal
Standard Ground
USPS Global Priority
N/A
5-8 Business Days
$0-$50.00
N/A
Calculated at Checkout
$50.01-$150.00
N/A
Calculated at Checkout
$150.01 and Up
N/A
Calculated at Checkout
*Business days are Monday-Friday (excluding holidays).*For all shipments outside the US, there may be an additional customs fee imposed by your country. Please contact your Customs Office for more information.
Return Policy
Topricin products are backed by a 30 day money back guarantee. If for any reason during the 30 days following your purchase you are not completely satisfied, just return the product with the original receipt to the store where it was purchased.
If you purchased directly from Topricin, please call our customer service number, M-F, 9-5 EST for a RMA# (return merchandise authorization number).
(800) 959-1007
Please make sure you use Topricin correctly 3 to 4 times a day on severe problems for the very best results.
How to use the product:
Privacy Policy
General:
Topical BioMedics, Inc. (Topical BioMedics or the "company") is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy ("policy") outlines how we gather information and use it. Please read this page carefully. By accessing, browsing and using this website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, this policy. If you do not wish to be bound by this policy, you may not access or use this website. If you agree to be bound by this policy you should visit this page periodically to review it, as Topical BioMedics reserves the right to change this policy from time to time, and such changes will still be binding on you.
Information Collected:
At this web site, Topical BioMedics, Inc. collects individual information about you, depending on the circumstances involved. Topical BioMedics passively collects information that is automatically sent to the company by your web browser. This information typically includes your domain name and IP address, and may also contain your username. The amount of information sent depends on the settings you have on your web browser, over which Topical BioMedics has no control. If you wish to determine and limit the amount of information sent to Topical BioMedics by your web browser, please refer to the help files for your browser or contact the help desk for the manufacturer of your browser.
Use of Information Collected:
Topical BioMedics uses the information it automatically receives from your web browser to determine the site you visited prior to visiting this site, the pages you visit within this site, and the site you visit after leaving this site. Such information is used by Topical BioMedics to better present the content and information that you and other visitors may be seeking.Topical BioMedics places "cookies" on your hard drive to assist the Company in identifying you the next time you choose to visit this website. A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on your computer's hard drive containing information about you. Allowing Topical BioMedics to create and save a cookie to your computer's hard drive will not give us or any other site access to the rest of your computer, and only the Company is able to read the cookie that our site creates. If you reject the placement of a cookie on your computer's hard drive by Topical BioMedics, you may still be able to access our website, although your access may be limited in some areas. Simply put, cookies allow Topical BioMedics to provide a more positive experience for you.Topical BioMedics does not share any information collected with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Because of the nature of the Internet, the information may be transmitted internationally for data storage, backup and retrieval purposes. In connection with normal corporate business practices, such as acquisitions and mergers, Topical BioMedics reserves the right to transfer your information as necessary to effectuate such transactions.If you email Topical BioMedics, you are voluntarily releasing information to the company. Topical BioMedics will use your email address to respond to your inquiry, but the company will not use your email address for direct marketing purposes without your prior permission.Topical BioMedics does not actively seek to identify any individual visitor, with the exception of investigating breaches of security or cooperating with appropriate law enforcement officials or other legal process. Topical BioMedics may release information if it is required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on the company; and (2) protect and defend the legitimate business interests, rights or property of the company.
Security:
Topical BioMedics takes significant precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information to us, your information is protected both online and offline. Online, your information is encrypted and is protected. Although Topical BioMedics takes reasonable precautions to protect information submitted online, Topical BioMedics cannot represent, warrant or guarantee that your transactions with this website are one hundred percent (100%) safe and secure. Offline, your information is kept secure through the practices and policies of Topical BioMedics regarding access to such information by company employees, but again, the company cannot represent, warrant or guaranty that such information will remain one hundred percent (100%) safe and secure.
Inquiries and Access to Information:
If you have any questions, comments or complaints regarding this privacy policy, or wish to access the information gathered about you by Topical BioMedics, please feel free to contact us at:
Via telephone:
(800) 959-1007
Via physical mail:
Topical BioMedics, Inc.6565 Springbrook Ave PMB #207Rhinebeck, NY 12572
The Terms of Use of this website are incorporated herein by reference, and to be read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy.
HOLIDAY SALE!
We're coming to the end of a tough year. For many, this year brought on fear about the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, anxiety about the economy, jobs, retirement, and worry about family & friends. We know these feelings can make pain symptoms worse.  Topricin is here for you. We want you and your loved ones to enjoy a pain free holiday season - at a price you can afford! Build your own care package by mixing and matching Torpicin products and get 50% OFF your ENTIRE order + FREE shipping through 12/31/20. Use code "WECARE2020" at checkout!
SHOP SALE
Dismiss
"Close (esc)"
"Close (esc)"