https://www.weareowencomms.com/privacy-policy/
ABOUT
SERVICES
WORK
BLOG
CONTACT
Menu
ABOUT
SERVICES
WORK
BLOG
CONTACT
PRIVACY
Information
Our website address is: https://www.weareowencomms.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
We use the Contact Form 7 plugin to manage contact form submissions. The information is sent as email messages that only a select few are allowed to access. The information is also stored in the database on our hosting server for backup and later reference purposes. We use the Flamingo plugin to safely manage this data. WP Engine hosts this website.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
To improve your experience on our site, we may use ‘cookies’. Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. Google Analytics does not identify the individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help understand website traffic and webpage usage.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
We’re a full-service communications agency that believes in delivering quality marketing services, turned around quickly, at sensible prices.
CONTACT US
Registered Office: Longcroft Barn, Priors Leaze Lane, Nutbourne (near Portsmouth), West Sussex PO18 8RHHead Office: +44 (0)23 9248 6566London: +44 (0)20 3893 2323comms@weareowen.com
Linkedin
Twitter
LATEST POSTS
D Mail or E Mail
The average person receives 121 emails per working day. So working an average of 7.5 hours equates to 16.13 emails per hour to read assess
Read More
Are API’s sexier than Jazz?
Imagine you have a bunch of great musicians looking to collaborate and produce the perfect song. But there is a problem, one is a classically
Read More
SERVICES
B2C Marketing
Consumer Strategy
Consumer Branding
Consumer Campaigns
B2B Marketing
B2B Strategy
B2B Branding
B2B Campaigns
Events and Exhibitions
Employee Engagement
Strategy
Internal Comms Campaigns
Development
Events
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategy
Digital Campaigns
Development
Martech
The Studio
Copywriting
Photography
Video
Presentations
Animations
Infographics
White Papers
Brochures
Reports
ABOUT
SERVICES
WORK
BLOG
CONTACT
Menu
ABOUT
SERVICES
WORK
BLOG
CONTACT
© 2019 Owen Communications Ltd  All rights reserved.   |   Company number 01945200   |   Privacy Policy   |    Cookies