http://www.hayter.co.uk/terms-of-use
Breadcrumb navigation
Home
Terms of website use
Terms of website use
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website http://www.hayter.co.uk (our site). Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
1. INFORMATION ABOUT US
1.1 http://www.hayter.co.uk is a site operated by Hayter Limited ("We"). We are registered in England and Wales with registered number 05286686 and have our registered office at Spellbrook, Bishops Stortford, Hertfordshire, CM23 4BU which is also our principal trading address. Our VAT number is GB 852819012.
1.2 We are a limited company.
2. ACCESSING OUR SITE
2.1 Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
2.2 From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to users.
2.3 If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
2.4 You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
3.1 We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it (including, but not limited to, our trade marks and logos, all website designs, text, graphics, software compilations, and source codes). Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
3.2 You may print off a reasonable number of copies, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
3.3 You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way which may negatively effect the materials themselves or have a negative impact on our brand image, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
3.4 Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
3.5 You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining written permission to do so from us or our licensors.
3.6 If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
4. OUR SITE CHANGES REGULARLY
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
5. INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VISITS TO OUR SITE
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy. By using our site, you consent to such processing.
6. TRANSACTIONS CONCLUDED THROUGH OUR SITE
Contracts for the sale of goods formed through our site or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our website terms of sale
.
7. VIRUSES, HACKING AND OTHER OFFENCES
7.1 You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
7.2 By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
7.3 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
8. LINKING TO OUR SITE
8.1 You may link to our website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
8.2 You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you, excluding social media and product review websites.
8.3 If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to sales@hayter.co.uk
9. LINKING FROM OUR SITE
Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
10. JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
10.1 The English courts will have non-exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
10.2 These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
11. VARIATIONS
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site or trade marketing policies (applicable to trade customers only).
12. YOUR CONCERNS
If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site or wish to make a complaint, please contact sales@hayter.co.uk
13. THE WEB CONTENT ACCESSIBILITY GUIDELINES
Please refer to Website Accessibility notice
Thank you for visiting our site.
Hayter Limited respects your privacy. We provide this Privacy Notice so you understand how we treat the information we receive from you when you use our websites, as well as purchase our products and interact with us. View our privacy policy and find out more about how we use cookies.
Accept and close