http://www.addmaster.co.uk/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
+ Consumer Site
+ Customer Area
+ Products
Biomaster
antimicrobial technology
Scentmaster
fragrance technology
Verimaster
security technology
Masterpiece
bespoke additives
+ About Us
About Us
Vacancies
Why Addmaster?
+ News
+ Blog
+ Distributors
+ Partners
+ Customer Area
+ Contact Us
Contact Us
Arabic
Chinese
Spanish
French
Italian
Dutch
Portuguese
Privacy Policy
Addmaster UK Ltd endeavours to comply with the current GDPR legislation. In the event of any complaints or requests, please contact our GDPR compliance officer by email.
Information that is gathered from visitors and how the infomation is used.
Where registration is required and personal contact details collected, the visitor's email will be stored in a safe and secure environment with limited access. This personal contact data will be used to send out newsletters and offers by email.  We will retain this data for the foreseeable future unless you wish to opt out of any correspondence.
Visitor Options
You can opt out of any future correspondence at any time clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link on the bottom of the email / newsletter and following the instructions.
Addmaster uses a third party provider for the delivery of our newsletter www.mailchimp.com.
E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Addmaster UK Ltd uses Lead Forensics to provide this information.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Find Out More
+ About Us
+ Partners
+ Testimonials
Latest News
+ Addmaster supports our business buddy, Katharine House Hospice
4 Dec 2020
This Christmas we are supporting our charity of choice St. Katharine House
…
View All News +
Latest Blog
+ Brexit….I think we are going to need a bigger boat
16 Nov 2020
Just when we think we are getting to grips with what Lockdown 2.0 is going
…
View All Blog Posts +
Thank You for signing up to the Addmaster Newsletter
Sign up to the Addmaster Newsletter
To find out more about how we use your data please refer to our privacy policy.
Sign Up
Linkedin
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Contact Us
Tel: +44 (0)1785 225656 | Email: info@addmaster.co.uk
Sitemap |
Regulatory Statement |
Privacy policy |
Legal |
FAQs |
Glossary
© 2020 Addmaster (UK) Limited | Darfin House | Priestly Court | Staffordshire Technology Park | Stafford
ST18 0AR
×Close
To download the file, please fill in the form below. If you are downloading a brochure and would like a hard copy, please contact us and we'll have one sent out to you.
×Close
Search Website
Search
Close
Addmaster use cookies on this site to improve performance, for analytics and for advertising. By browsing this site you are agreeing to this. For more information see our Privacy policy.