https://www.americansavingslife.com/about-us/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Notice
Privacy Policy
About Us  /  Privacy Policy
American Savings Life Insurance Privacy Policy
American Savings Life Guarantees it will not sell or share your information without your permission.
Our corporate policy
Your privacy is important to us. At American Savings Life Insurance Company, we understand that the information you provide to us, or that we collect about you, is private.
This privacy policy is provided to you so you will understand what American Savings Life does with the personal information you provide to us and the precautions we take to protect your privacy.
Who has access to your personal information?
The information you provide to us is used for American Savings Life purposes only. Be assured, American Savings Life does not sell any information about our customers, nor do we provide that information to third parties unless they are working on our behalf, or you have specifically requested it.
American Savings Life employees and independent agents have access to your information, and are authorized to review it, only for the purposes of carrying out their official duties and responsibilities. American Savings Life employees and independent agents are required to keep customer information confidential.
Why does American Savings Life collect and maintain personal information?
As a regulated insurance carrier, American Savings Life is required by state laws and regulations to collect and maintain certain information about its customers.
The information we collect also enables us to provide you with services and products to meet your individual needs, and to provide you with the high level of customer care you have come to expect from American Savings Life Insurance Company.
What type of information does American Savings Life maintain?
How do we protect your personal information?
American Savings Life does not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted or required by law, without your specific authorization.
It is American Savings Life's current policy not to disclose customer information to, or share customer information with, other businesses for marketing purposes.
If this policy should change, American Savings Life will notify you by mail, and you will be given an opportunity to request your information not be disclosed to, or shared with, other businesses for marketing purposes.
How can I contact American Savings Life if I have any questions about my privacy?
If you have any questions about the privacy of your information, you can contact the Customer Service Department by:
Mail
American Savings Life Insurance Co.
935 East Main Street
Suite 100
Mesa, Arizona 85203
E-Mail
Privacy Comments & Questions
Local Phone
480-835-5000
Toll-Free
1-800-880-2112
Affiliates
Annuities
Income Annuities
Fixed Deferred Annuities
Life Insurance
Grand Slam Insurance
Youth Life Insurance
Existing Policy Holders
Stockholders
Stockholder Information
Stockholder Services
Financial Profile
Loans
Real Estate
Offices For Lease
Professional office suites available for lease in Mesa, AZ
Commercial Property
Commercial properties available throughout Arizona
Vacant Land
Bare land properties available throughout Arizona
About
About Our Company
Contact Us
FAQs