http://www.gigatronix.co.uk/terms-and-conditions-of-use
COOKIES
We use cookies to improve your user experience and to maintain
security on our website.
If you continue to make use of our site, we'll assume that you are
happy for us to use cookies in accordance with our
Privacy and
Cookies Policy.
Dismiss this alert.
Innovation & Quality
in Connectivity
Solutions
Call us: +44 (0)23 9245 4412
Shopping Cart:
Empty
Home
About
Capabilities
Resources
Product Overview
Connectors
Coaxial Connectors
Push-Pull Connectors
Cable
Coaxial Cable
Cable Assemblies
Configure Online
Stock Assemblies
Cabulator™
Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Introduction
1.1.
These terms and conditions shall govern your use of our website.
1.2.
By using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full; accordingly, if you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
1.3.
If you are registered with our website, submit any material to our website or use any of our website services, we will ask you to expressly agree to these terms and conditions.
1.4.
Our website uses cookies; by using our website or agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy and cookies policy.
2. Copyright notice
2.1.
Copyright © 2016 Gigatronix Ltd.
2.2.
Subject to the express provisions of these terms and conditions:
2.2.1.
We, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website; and
2.2.2.
All the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
3. Licence to use website
3.1.
You may, subject to the other provisions of these terms and conditions:
3.1.1.
View pages from our website in a web browser;
3.1.2.
Download pages from our website for caching in a web browser;
3.1.3.
Print pages from our website.
3.2.
Except as expressly permitted by Section 3.1 or the other provisions of these terms and conditions, you must not download any material from our website or save any such material to your computer.
3.3.
Except as expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, you must not edit or otherwise modify any material on our website.
3.4.
Unless you own or control the relevant rights in the material, or have our express written agreement, you must not:
3.4.1.
Re-publish material from our website (including re-publication on another website);
3.4.2.
Sell, rent or sub-licence material from our website;
3.4.3.
Show any material from our website in public;
3.4.4.
Exploit material from our website for a commercial purpose;
3.4.5.
Redistribute material from our website.
3.5.
We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on our website.
4. Acceptable use
4.1.
You must not:
4.1.1.
Use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
4.1.2.
Use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
4.1.3.
Use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
4.1.4.
Conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
4.1.5.
Access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means, except for the purpose of search engine indexing;
4.1.6.
Use data collected from our website for any marketing activity (including without limitation, email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and mailing, whether direct or otherwise).
4.2.
You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
4.3.
You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and not misleading.
5. Registration and accounts
5.1.
You may register for an account with our website or we may create one for you.
5.2.
You must not allow any other person to use your account to access the website.
5.3.
You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your account.
5.4.
You must not use any other person's account to access the website.
6. User login details
6.1.
If you register for an account with our website, your user ID must not be liable to mislead and must comply with the content rules set out in Section 9; you must not use your account or user ID for or in connection with the impersonation of any person.
6.2.
You must keep your password confidential.
6.3.
You must notify us in writing immediately if you become aware of any disclosure of your password.
6.4.
You are responsible for any activity on our website arising out of any failure to keep your password confidential, and may be held liable for any losses arising out of such a failure.
7. Cancellation and suspension of account
7.1.
We may at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation:
7.1.1.
Suspend your account;
7.1.2.
Cancel your account;
7.1.3.
Edit your account details.
7.2.
You may request that we suspend your account on our website.
Please do so using our contact details in Section 20.
8. Your content: Licence
8.1.
In these terms and conditions, "your content" means all works and materials (including without limitation text, graphics, images, audio material, video material, audio-visual material, scripts, software and files) that you submit to us or our website for storage or publication on, processing by, or transmission via, our website.
8.2.
You grant to us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, store, adapt, utilise, translate and distribute your content in any existing or future media for our internal purposes or so as to fulfil products and services we are providing you.
8.3.
You hereby waive all your moral rights in your content to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law; and you warrant and represent that all other moral rights in your content have been waived to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
8.4.
You may edit your content to the extent permitted using the editing functionality made available on our website.
8.5.
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach any provision of these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may delete or edit any or all of your content.
9. Your content: Rules
9.1.
You warrant and represent that your content will comply with these terms and conditions.
9.2.
Your content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any person's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action against any person (in each case in any jurisdiction and under any applicable law).
9.3.
Your content and the use of your content by us in accordance with these terms and conditions, must not:
9.3.1.
Be libellous or maliciously false;
9.3.2.
Be obscene or indecent;
9.3.3.
Infringe any copyright, moral right, database right, trade mark right, design right, right in passing off, or other intellectual property right;
9.3.4.
Infringe any right of confidence, right of privacy or right under data protection legislation;
9.3.5.
Constitute negligent advice or contain any negligent statement;
9.3.6.
Constitute an incitement to commit a crime, instructions for the commission of a crime or the promotion of criminal activity;
9.3.7.
Be in contempt of any court, or in breach of any court order;
9.3.8.
Be in breach of racial or religious hatred or discrimination legislation;
9.3.9.
Be in breach of official secrets legislation;
9.3.10.
Be in breach of any contractual obligation owed to any person;
9.3.11.
Depict violence or hatred;
9.3.12.
Be pornographic or sexually explicit;
9.3.13.
Be untrue, false, inaccurate or misleading;
9.3.14.
Consist of or contain any instructions, advice or other information which may be acted upon and could, if acted upon, cause illness, injury or death, or any other loss or damage;
9.3.15.
Constitute spam;
9.3.16.
Be offensive, deceptive, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, harassing, anti-social, menacing, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory.
10. Monitoring
10.1.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Policy, we do not actively monitor Content.
10.2.
If you become aware of any material on the Website that contravenes this Policy, please notify us by email.
11. Limited warranties
11.1.
We do not warrant or represent:
11.1.1.
The completeness or accuracy of the information published on our website;
11.1.2.
That the material on the website is up to date; or
11.1.3.
That the website or any service on the website will remain available.
11.2.
We reserve the right to discontinue or alter any or all of our website services, and to stop publishing our website, at any time in our sole discretion without notice or explanation; and save to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions, you will not be entitled to any compensation or other payment upon the discontinuance or alteration of any website services, or if we stop publishing the website.
11.3.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 11.1, we exclude all representations and warranties relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, our website and the use of our website.
12. Limitations and exclusions of liability
12.1.
Nothing in these terms and conditions will:
12.1.1.
Limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
12.1.2.
Limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
12.1.3.
Limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law;
12.1.4.
Exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
12.2.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section 12 and elsewhere in these terms and conditions:
12.2.1.
Are subject to Section 12.1 and
12.2.2.
Govern all liabilities arising under these terms and conditions or relating to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in these terms and conditions.
12.3.
To the extent that our website and the information and services on our website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
12.4.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.
12.5.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
12.6.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.
12.7.
We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
12.8.
You accept that we have an interest in limiting the personal liability of our officers and employees and, having regard to that interest, you acknowledge that we are a limited liability entity.
You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against our officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website or these terms and conditions (this will not, of course, limit or exclude the liability of the limited liability entity itself for the acts and omissions of our officers and employees).
13. Breaches of these terms and conditions
13.1.
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, or if we reasonably suspect that you have breached these terms and conditions in any way, we may:
13.1.1.
Send you one or more formal warnings;
13.1.2.
Temporarily suspend your access to our website;
13.1.3.
Permanently prohibit you from accessing our website;
13.1.4.
Block computers using your IP address from accessing our website;
13.1.5.
Contact any or all of your internet service providers and request that they block your access to our website;
13.1.6.
Commence legal action against you, whether for breach of contract or otherwise;
13.1.7.
Suspend or delete your account on our website.
13.2.
Where we suspend or prohibit or block your access to our website or a part of our website, you must not take any action to circumvent such suspension or prohibition or blocking (including without limitation creating and/or using a different account).
14. Variation
14.1.
We may revise these terms and conditions from time to time.
14.2.
The revised terms and conditions shall apply to the use of our website from the date of publication of the revised terms and conditions on the website, and you hereby waive any right you may otherwise have to be notified of, or to consent to, revisions of these terms and conditions; if you do not agree to the revised terms and conditions, you must stop using our website.
15. Assignment
15.1.
You hereby agree that we may assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
15.2.
You may not without our prior written consent assign, transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with any of your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
16. Severability
16.1.
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.
16.2.
If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision of these terms and conditions would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
17. Third party rights
17.1.
A contract under these terms and conditions is for our benefit and your benefit, and is not intended to benefit or be enforceable by any third party.
17.2.
The exercise of the parties' rights under a contract under these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
18. Entire agreement
18.1.
Subject to Section 11.1, these terms and conditions, together with our privacy and cookies policy, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website and shall supersede all previous agreements between you and us in relation to your use of our website.
19. Law and jurisdiction
19.1.
These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law.
19.2.
Any disputes relating to these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
20. Our details
20.1.
This website is owned and operated by Gigatronix Ltd.
20.2.
We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 3989729, and our registered office is at Zullard House, 4 Downley Road, Havant, Hampshire, PO9 2NJ.
20.3.
Our VAT registration number is GB754865391
20.4.
You can contact us by writing to the business address given above, by email to sales@gigatronix.co.uk or by telephone on 023 92454412.
Login
Email address
Password
Login
Forgotten password?
Create a Website Account
Make the most of our site and all its features.Register here!
Online Ordering
Add items to your shopping cart. Pay by card or charge to your account.
Advanced Search
Search by your part number, competitor cross referenceand more.
Product Overview
Take a summary look at our extensive range of coaxial connectors, push-pull precision latching connectors, cables and cable assemblies.
Capabilities
If you can't find what you need in our standard product range we can manufacture to your specifications. View our Capabilities page for more details.
About Gigatronix
Capabilities
Resources
Product Overview
Terms & Policies
Terms & Conditions of Use
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Services & Support
Advanced Search
Login
Registration
Contact Us
Email: sales@gigatronix.co.uk
Tel: +44 (0)23 9245 4412
Go to contact page
Gigatronix Ltd © 2016