https://www.larsonjuhl.com/en-US/privacy-policy/
We use cookies to make your experience better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Larson-Juhl (“Larson-Juhl,” “we” or “us”) respects your privacy and the privacy of other users of the LarsonJuhl.com web site (together with any mobile website or any successor website that may be maintained by Larson-Juhl, the “Larson-Juhl Web Site”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand the types of information that we may collect through the Larson-Juhl Web Site and how that information may be used or disclosed.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us or that we may collect offline or through other means, including via telephone or through other non-digital means. Additionally, this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that you may provide or submit to any third party in connection with your use of the Larson-Juhl Web Site or any related software or application, including any information that you may provide or submit to any licensee or distributor of Larson-Juhl (and Larson-Juhl shall not be responsible for the use of any such information). If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at marketing@LarsonJuhl.com.
The Information We May Collect
The information we may collect through the Larson-Juhl Web Site falls into two (2) general categories:
Voluntarily Provided Information. We may collect information that you voluntarily provide to us in connection with your use of the Larson-Juhl Web Site or any portion thereof, or your download of any content from the Larson-Juhl Web Site. Examples of this type of information include your name, e-mail address, date of birth, geographic location, shipping and billing information, payment information and any other information (including comments, feedback or other statements) that you may provide as part of any Larson-Juhl Web Site registration or in connection with any other use of the Larson-Juhl Web Site. This includes all information and data that you may submit through the Larson-Juhl Web Site in connection with interacting or communicating with Larson-Juhl or its agents.
Cookies and Log Data. We may collect information obtained from your use of the Larson-Juhl Web Site. This type of information is commonly referred to as “cookies” or “log data,” and our collection and use of this type of information is discussed in more detail in the section below.
You should be aware that certain third party providers or websites may be featured or linked on or through the Larson-Juhl Web Site, and these third parties may be gathering additional information through processes that we do not and cannot control. These features and links of third parties are discussed in more detail below.
Use of Cookies and Log Data
When you use or access the Larson-Juhl Web Site, we may use a variety of methods to track your activities on the Larson-Juhl Web Site. For example, we may keep track of the pages that you visit by placing a small entry in text file, called a cookie, on your hard drive. Any cookies or similar tools that we use may contain identification numbers and may automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. Your web browser may contain settings that will allow you to be notified before accepting a cookie, or that may allow you to disable cookies entirely. If, however, you disable or limit cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of certain features and functionality on the Larson-Juhl Web Site that may be available to other users.
When you visit, use or access the Larson-Juhl Web Site, our web servers may also collect limited information about your computer or mobile device’s connection to the Internet, including your internet protocol (IP) address. Your IP address is a number that allows computers connected to the Internet to know where to send data. Your IP address does not identify you personally, and we use this information to deliver the Larson-Juhl Web Site to you upon request, to measure traffic within the Larson-Juhl Web Site and to tailor specific information to certain general classes of IP addresses.
Any data that may be collected through our use of cookies and similar tools may include information such as the type of browser that you use, the type of webpage you were visiting before you came to the Larson-Juhl Web Site, your activity within our Larson-Juhl Web Site and other similar usage statistics (collectively, “Log Data”). The Log Data is aggregated and we may use the Log Data to analyze the use of the Larson-Juhl Web Site, enhance the functionality or features of the Larson-Juhl Web Site or create a better experience for our users. We may also use the Log Data for online advertising purposes as discussed in more detail in the section below.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies [alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies] to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Use And Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose to any unaffiliated third parties any of your personally identifying information that we may collect or otherwise obtain through the Larson-Juhl Web Site, including any information or data that you may submit through the Larson-Juhl Web Site in connection with interacting or communicating with Larson-Juhl (collectively, “Personal Information”).
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, there are certain instances in which we may use or disclose your Personal Information:
Larson-Juhl Web Site and Services.We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties as we deem necessary to provide and make available the Larson-Juhl Web Site to you and other users, to provide any customer service or support that you may request from time to time, to customize, measure and improve the Larson-Juhl Web Site (and the services, content and advertising therein) and to inform you and other users about our and our affiliates’ products, services or promotions. We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties as we deem necessary for the purposes of resolving any disputes that may arise with you or with respect to the Larson-Juhl Web Site, or for the purpose of collect fees or other amounts owed to Larson-Juhl or its affiliates or agents.
Contractors and Service Providers.We may disclose your Personal Information to third party contractors and service providers (including fulfillment and product distribution companies) that we or our affiliates engage to assist us with the operation of the Larson-Juhl Web Site or in connection with other aspects of the business of Larson-Juhl or the business of its affiliates. These third party contractors and service providers will only be provided with access to your Personal Information to the extent necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and on behalf of our affiliates.
Law and Compliance.We may use or disclose your Personal Information when we, in our sole discretion, believe that such use or disclosure is necessary to comply with any law or public interest, or to enforce or protect our rights and ensure that the rights of other users are protected. These uses may include, without limitation, responding to claims and legal process such as subpoenas and summons, and taking such other actions and making such other disclosures as may be required or advisable under law, as we may determine in our sole discretion.
Transactions and Proceedings.We may disclose your Personal Information to a potential acquirer, partner, trustee or potential joint venturer in the event that we sell, divest, transfer, assign, share or otherwise engage in a transaction that involves some or all of our assets or securities or the business relating to the Larson-Juhl Web Site or any portion thereof. This includes disclosures that may take place in connection with a corporate divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization or other similar transaction or proceeding.
Voluntarily Provided Information.We may disclose and otherwise utilize any of your “voluntarily provided information” as described in Section 1 above, which includes any information or data that you may submit through the Larson-Juhl Web Site in connection with interacting or communicating with Larson-Juhl, in each case for such purposes and in such manner as we deem necessary or appropriate, in our sole discretion (subject to our obligation to comply with any applicable laws relating to the use or disclosure of such voluntarily provided information), and, by submitting such information through the Larson-Juhl Web Site, you hereby acknowledge and agree to any such disclosure or use by Larson-Juhl.
Please note that some of the information that we collect through the Larson-Juhl Web Site is in the form of aggregated statistics (which is often compiled using the Log Data and other information). We may share this aggregated information and any Log Data with third parties for demographic profiling or any other purpose that we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary or advisable. However, this aggregated information and Log Data will not contain your Personal Information.
Third Party Features And Links
We may, in our sole discretion, feature products or services that are offered by or that relate to one or more third party providers. We may share with these third parties such information as we deem necessary in order for such third parties to offer or provide the applicable products or services. The Larson-Juhl Web Site may include links to other outside third party services and sites, and we do not control or attempt to control the privacy policies of these third parties. When you access another website or purchase or accept products or services or otherwise engage in transactions with third parties (whether within or outside of the Larson-Juhl Web Site), the use of any information that you may provide in connection therewith will be governed by the privacy policy of the applicable third party, and not this Privacy Policy.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the State of California, you may request that we provide you (i) a list of the types or categories of your Personal Information that we have disclosed for third party direct marketing purposes during the calendar year immediately preceding your request; (ii) the names and addresses of such third parties that have been provided any of your Personal Information; and (iii) if not reasonably determinable from the names of such third parties, one or more examples of the products or services marketed by such third parties (if such information is known to us), in each case sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the type and nature of the business of such third parties. To submit any request pursuant to this section, please contact us at Marketing@LarsonJuhl.com.
Changes To This Privacy Statements
The Internet is an evolving medium, and so is the Larson-Juhl Web Site. If we need to change our Privacy Policy at any time in the future, we will post the applicable changes or the updated Privacy Policy before such changes or updated Privacy Policy take effect. By visiting, using or otherwise accessing any portion of the Larson-Juhl Web Site, you agree that your visit, use and access of the Larson-Juhl Web Site, and any dispute or controversy regarding privacy or any other matter addressed herein, will be governed in all cases by this Privacy Policy and any Terms of Use or similar policies that we may put into place on or with respect to the Larson-Juhl Web Site from time to time.
©2020 Larson-Juhl | A Berkshire Hathaway Company
Privacy Policy