http://www.westmonroepartners.com/privacy-policy
INTRODUCTION
West Monroe Partners LLC ("West Monroe" or "WMP" or "we" or "our" or "us"), in provision of its website, with its homepage located at www.westmonroepartners.com, (the “Site”), respects your privacy as a visitor to our Site. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information (this information is referred to as our “Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy discloses the information practices of West Monroe, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
From time to time, we may supplement this Privacy Policy with additional information relating to a particular interaction we have with you.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 9, 2020.
Your visit to this Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy.
This policy does not apply to information collected about you by any third party (i.e. anyone other than West Monroe). Any information you provide that you know or reasonably should know will be accessed by a third party is not coved by this Privacy Policy (e.g., if you post a comment to an article as part of an online discussion of the article). Information you provide directly to third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy (for example, if you provide information to third party organizations that may be linked from the Site or whose contact information you gather from the Site).
Please review this Privacy Policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use this Site. Remember, by using any part of this Site, you accept and agree to our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If we update this Privacy Policy, your continued use of this site (following the posting of the revised policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use
West Monroe will not use information provided through your use of this Site except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Active Data Collection
Like many other web sites, we actively collect information from our visitors both by asking specific questions on this Site and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via e-mail and other electronic means. Some of the information that you submit may be “Personally Identifiable Information”. Personally Identifiable Information as used in this Privacy Policy is information that we can use to identify you as an individual, such as your name, address, telephone number, and other information that uniquely identifies you. We use this Personally Identifiable Information to send you further information regarding West Monroe and to operate and enhance the use of the Site.
Passive Data Collection
We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Site, such as information regarding which of our pages are most often visited. We may share with or transfer to third parties such non-personally identifiable information for the purpose of maintaining the Site, responding to direct inquiries or measuring traffic and traffic trends at this Site. We do not otherwise provide or sell any of this information to third parties. We currently use "cookies" - files written to the visitor's computer that are used by some Sites for record-keeping or to remember certain information about visitors. As noted above, we may amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason, including changing our Privacy Policy with respect to our practices regarding the use of cookies and collection of information from visitors.
Information from Third Party Sources
West Monroe may, from time to time, combine information we receive through your use of the Site with information obtained through third party sources, in order to enhance our ability to market those products or services that may be of interest to you.
USE OF INFORMATION
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
West Monroe uses your Personally Identifiable Information to enhance the operation of this Site, allow you to use all of its features, to customize the content and advertising you see, to improve the design and content of the Site, to contact you about products or services that may be of interest to you, and to respond to your requests for information. West Monroe may contact you about new features or services in which it believes you may be interested.
Personally Identifiable Information Sharing and Disclosure
West Monroe may share or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information provided by your use of the Site to third parties or individuals when: (i) you provide your consent; (ii) we have entered into a business relationship with a third party whom we believe and expect will conform with our Privacy Policy; (iii) we need to protect our legal rights (e.g. we are enforcing our Terms of Use); or (iv) in connection with a sale of all or a portion of West Monroe’s business. We may disclose any information we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request and to protect the rights or property of West Monroe, our business partners, suppliers, clients or others.
Log Files
We may use IP addresses to analyze usage, administer our Site, and gather demographic information for aggregate use.
Third Parties
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include data analysis firms and web hosting companies. Such third parties may be provided with the information described above, including your Personally Identifiable Information. Such third parties will be required to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose for which they were engaged by us.
Aggregate Information
Aggregate information is information that we (or third party service providers on our behalf) collect about Site users on an anonymous basis. We may share aggregate demographic and usage information with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers or other third parties.
Use of Information in the Social Computing Environment
The Site may contain blogs, forums, comment areas and other social medium platforms. Any content or information you post or make available to others on these social platforms is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Please refer to our Terms of Use for these platforms and any additional guidelines and privacy information provided in connection with the use of a particular social platform. Any content or information you post on these social medium platforms may be available to others within and outside West Monroe.
Access & Information
The CCPA grants consumers the right to request information regarding:
The categories of personal information businesses collect about them (e.g., identifiers such as their names, Social Security numbers, IP addresses, email addresses, postal addresses; commercial information such as purchasing histories; geolocation data, biometric information, internet activity such as web browsing histories; and professional or employment-related information);
The sources from which that personal information was collected (e.g., online order histories, online surveys, marketing companies, tracking pixels, cookies, web beacons, or recruiters);
The categories of personal information sold to third parties;The categories of personal information disclosed for business purposes;
The categories of third parties to whom personal information was sold or disclosed (e.g., tailored advertising partners, affiliates, social media websites, service providers);
The business or commercial purposes for which personal information was collected or sold (e.g., fraud prevention, marketing, improving customer experience); and
The “specific pieces” of personal information collected.
Deletion
With some exceptions, the CCPA permits consumers to request that covered businesses, and their direct service providers, to delete personal information collected about them. Deletion is not required if the covered business needs the personal information to complete the transaction for which it was collected; to comply with a legal obligation, such as a record retention requirement; to protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or to identify and repair errors that impair existing and intended functionality.
HOW WEST MONROE PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect your Personally Identifiable Information. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including firewalls.
MISCELLANEOUS
Links
This Site may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Site or otherwise visit.
Choices You Have About How West Monroe Partners Uses Your Information
We strive to provide you with as many choices and as much control as possible regarding the Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
You may send us an e-mail message at webmaster@westmonroepartners.com. This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it to request access to, correct or delete any Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to us.
You may also adjust the marketing messages you receive or opt out of receiving marketing messages from West Monroe by visiting our Preferences Center.
Notification of Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use any information collected will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
What West Monroe Does About Children Visiting This Site
This Web Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from Web Site visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online.
Comments
We have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to our Site is a satisfying one and that your privacy is constantly respected. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at webmaster@westmonroepartners.com. This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view it or telephone at 1-312-602-4000.
×
Subscribe to Our Perspectives
×
Contact Us