http://www.sonoco.com/about/privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Breadcrumb
Home
This Web page describes the practices of Sonoco Products Company with respect to the collection of user information from this website and the use and disclosure of such information.
This document only applies to this Web site and does not address information we obtain from places other than our Web site. In addition, other Sonoco sites and other sites on the Web (including those we link to) have their own practices; in all cases we encourage you to ask questions and to provide data only to sites whose practices you understand and trust.
Collection of Information
We collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address or most-recently visited URL. However, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, such as by filling out a form or survey, entering a contest or sweepstakes, registering your email address with us or emailing us.
We do not wish to obtain personally identifiable information from children who are using our site unsupervised. Thus, we ask children to obtain the consent of their parent or guardian before providing us with any personally identifiable information.
Sonoco reserves the right to use information collected within our Web site for our business purposes. If you provide us with information such as telephone number, mailing address, or email address, we may contact you via the provided medium.
We do not make available any information that we collect from you to any organizations or companies other than our affiliates.
Disclosure of Information
Unless we tell you otherwise, we do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third parties. However, we might share your personally identifiable information with other Sonoco companies, affiliates or partners, and we may sell and rent aggregated (non-personally identifiable) information about our users generally.
Use of Information
We use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information for internal marketing purposes and for site administration. However, unless we tell you otherwise, we usually do not use personally identifiable information collected from the Web site to send unsolicited mailings to you. Of course, if applicable, we do use personally identifiable information to perform the services for which such data was collected (i.e., if you sign up for an email newsletter, we will send the email newsletter to the address you provide us).
Security
We use industry-standard methods to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access. Among other techniques, we usually store such information on a computer behind our "firewall" in a secure location, and we often restrict the number of employees internally who can access such data. Of course, there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet. Further, please note that a third-party Web host, whose actions we do not control, operates our servers.
Amendments to this policy will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted.
Cookies
On some of the pages on its website, Sonoco may use cookies to help provide you with a better, faster, and more personalized experience. A cookie is a small text file that a website that you view can place on your computer or other device. Through them and other similar technologies, information can be collected and stored about your online activities. They can, for example, store and manage user preferences, deliver targeted advertising, enable your access to certain content, and gather analytic and usage data to help us refine and improve our understanding of your interests and your experience on, and resulting from your visits to, our website. Cookies may be “session” cookies that last for the duration of your Internet browsing session; or they may be “persistent” cookies that remain on your computer and are active whenever you begin a new browsing session, until you delete them.
You can manage website cookies in your browser settings, and you always have the choice to change these settings by accepting, rejecting, or deleting cookies. If you choose to change your settings, you may find that certain functions and features will not work as intended on the Services. All browser settings are slightly different, so to manage cookies, you should refer to the relevant settings within your browser. Please click below for detailed information on how to disable and delete cookies in some commonly used browsers:
Mozilla Firefox®
Microsoft® Internet Explorer
Google Chrome™
Safari®
Cookies may be one of four types. One type is “essential.” These are necessary for you to navigate around a website and to use its features, for example adding items to an online shopping cart. A second type is “performance.” These collect information about how you use the website. Information collected includes, for example, the Internet browsers and operating systems used, the domain name of the website previously visited, the number of visits, average duration of visit, and pages viewed. The information they collect does not identify you personally; it remains aggregated and anonymous. Performance cookies help us to improve our website’s user-friendliness and to enhance your experience. A third type is “functional.” Functional cookies remember choices you have made related to our website (such as your username, your language, your region, and your preferences as to user-customizable aspects of a web page’s appearance, such as text size and fonts) in order to provide enhanced, more personal features. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized, and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. The fourth type is “targeted advertising.” These cookies track your browsing activities and enable advertisers to send to you (that is, to pop-up on your screen) advertising related to things in which your browsing history indicates that you likely have an interest. They can also track and control the number of times you see an ad and so can measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with advertisers. As an example, if you visit a page on our website related to one of our products, you may begin to see pop-up notices related to that or other products in your future Internet browsing. For more information about such interest-based advertising, visit the Interactive Advertising Bureau's website.
If you opt out of interest-based advertising, you may still receive advertising when you visit our website or advertising about our products when you are on other websites, but we will not be using information collected about you so that the advertising that you do see will not be customized to your interests. You can exercise your online advertising choices at http://optout.aboutads.info or by clicking the AdChoices icon in an ad and following the instructions. You may also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from many sites through the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI) Opt Out Tool and in the EU at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Another tool you can use to control advertising on your mobile device is the AppChoices App.
Remember, if you delete cookies, use a different device, or change web browsers, you may need to opt out again.