http://www.caseworkscrating.com/privacy-statement
Call: 520-977-3207   "We Put Crates Around Everything"
Home
Crates
Wooden Crates
Crate Quote
Crate Options
Crate Gallery
Shipping
Shipping Services
Tucson Shipping
Shipping Quote
About
About Caseworks
Testimonials
Services
Caseworks Crating and Shipping Privacy Statement
Last revised: July 24, 2013
At Caseworks, we know your privacy is important to you. We do not abuse the information you provide us through any of our Websites, including caseworkscrating.com and cwfurniture.com. We make great efforts to ensure that it remains secure, both online and offline. Please read on to learn about our privacy policies. Then, if you have any questions or concerns about the policies, please contact us at privacy@caseworkscrating.com or by calling 520-574-1000.
We respect your privacy:
Caseworks does not disclose any of your personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, e-mail address, etc.) without your consent except as described in this Privacy Statement.
What information we collect:
We collect information about our users by direct solicitation or by using cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third parties. The information we collect includes the following:
We collect the domain name of the e-mail addresses of all visitors to our site and information on what pages these visitors access. Our Web server may also collect the address of the Web site that you came from before visiting our site, which browser you used to view our site, and any search terms you have entered on our site. This information does not include any personally identifiable information.
We collect comments, requests and orders you submit to us, including your name, e-mail address and any other information you include in your submission. When asking for personal information on an online form, we will identify which fields are required in order to consider your request.
If you purchase from us, we collect your name, billing address, phone number, e-mail address, shipping address and credit card information.
We collect information you provide when participating in a survey on our site. The requested information typically includes contact information and demographic information.
What we use the information for:
We use the information we collect in order to (i) fill orders for products or services, (ii) respond to requests for information, (iii) provide customer services, (iv) offer new products and services, (v) measure and improve the effectiveness of our Web sites, our marketing endeavors or our services and offers, (vi) tailor our offerings to your preferences, (vii) administer surveys, (viii) send marketing communications, or (ix) other business purposes.
When we share the information:
We do not sell or rent your e-mail address or your personally identifiable information to any third parties.
We may share your personal information with third parties who supply services to us. For example, we may release personal information to third parties involved in processing and shipping, such as the issuer of your credit card and the shipping carrier, and to other third parties who might perform services on our behalf, such as fulfilling your order, sending Caseworks marketing communications, servicing products, conducting research or surveys, or sending regular mail and e-mail on our behalf.
All information we collect may be shared with current or future Caseworks entities, subsidiaries and divisions.
All information we collect is also subject to disclosure whenever we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary or appropriate in connection with any judicial, criminal, or regulatory proceeding, investigation, or other legal process, or in order to comply with applicable law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful. We may release certain personal information when we believe it is reasonably necessary in order to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves. We may also release personal information in the event of an audit, or a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event.
Third-party use of shared information:
Caseworks is not responsible for the privacy policies of third parties with whom Caseworks shares information as described in this Privacy Statement, nor for any uses to which such third parties might put the information with or without Casework's consent.
We don't obtain personal information from children:
Caseworks does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Should it become known to us that personal information has been provided by
someone under 13 years of age, we will not make use of that information or keep it in retrievable form except as may be necessary to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Links to other sites:
Our site may provide links to other sites and content on the Web. Caseworks is not responsible for the privacy policies and content of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Changes:
Our privacy policies may change at any time at our sole discretion. If we change any of the policies, we will post a new Privacy Statement including the changed provisions on the privacy policy page of our Web site. However, if any change provides for our use of your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you either by e-mail or by posting a notice on the privacy policy page of our Web site for 30 days in advance of the date the change will go into effect. You will be able to opt out of that change as to already-collected information. However, any use of our Web site after the effective date of any change (even if you have opted out of the change with regard to personally identifiable information collected before the change) will constitute (i) a revocation of your opt-out, and (ii) your acceptance of all of our privacy policies in effect at the time of your use, including as they may apply to information collected prior to the effective date of change.
Marketing opt-out:
If we are using your information to send you marketing communications, you can opt-out at any time. All e-mail and direct mail marketing communications from Caseworks will tell you how to opt-out.
To opt-out of receiving marketing communications from Caseworks:
Follow the directions provided on a marketing e-mail or direct mail communication from us; or
Call us at (520) 574-1000; or
Send an e-mail request with your current contact information to privacy@caseworkscrating.com or
Mail or deliver a request with your current contact information to:
Caseworks Industries, Inc.
Attn:	Privacy Manager
825 East 171h Street, Suite 125
Tucson, AZ 85701
If you send an e-mail or letter request, please be sure to include your full name, address, phone number and e-mail address and indicate specifically what type of marketing communications you wish to stop receiving. This will ensure we identify you correctly in our systems and accurately process your opt-out request.
Please note that due to production and mailing timelines, it may take up to 10 business days for e-mails and up to six weeks for direct mail to make the requested change. Until that change takes effect, you may still receive marketing communications from us.
Also, please note that you may still receive business-related communications such as order confirmations or other administrative communications from us.
Custom Wood Crates
Art Shipping Crates
Commercial Crates
Crate Furniture
Custom Wood Crates
Display Crates
Industrial Shipping Crates
Insulated Shipping Crates
LCD TV Crate
Motorcycle Shipping Crate
Production Crates
Ramp Shipping Crates
More Wooden Crates
Shipping Crates
Storage Crates
Trade Show Crates
Storage Vaults
Wardrobe Crate
Wooden Shipping Crates
Shipping Services
Shipping Services
Tucson Shipping
Shipping Quote
Crating Sales
Crate Quote Request
Wood Crate Galleries
Crate Photo Gallery
Featured Crating Projects
Crate Options
Additional Information
Testimonials
Links
Privacy Statement
A division of Caseworks Industries, Inc.
Caseworks Crating and Shipping
827 East 17th Street  •
Tucson,
Arizona
85719
Ph: 520-977-3207 • Fax: 520-574-2105
Copyright Caseworks Industries Inc.