http://www.earthadvantage.org/home/terms-of-use.html
Terms of UseLast updated: January 29, 2019
Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms", "Terms of Use") carefully before using the earthadvantage.org website operated by Earth Advantage, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Website is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Website.
By accessing or using the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Website.CommunicationsBy signing up with your email on our website, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send. However, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.ContentOur Website allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Website, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content on or through the Website, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Website does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.
You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Website and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third-party posts on or through the Website. However, by posting Content using the Website you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Website. You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your Content available to other users of the Website, who may also use your Content subject to these Terms.
Earth Advantage, Inc. has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit all Content provided by users.
In addition, Content found on or through this Website are the property of Earth Advantage, Inc. or used with permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said Content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.Intellectual PropertyThe Website and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Earth Advantage, Inc. and its licensors. The Website is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or Website without the prior written consent of Earth Advantage, Inc..Links To Other Web SitesOur Website may contain links to third-party web sites or Websites that are not owned or controlled by Earth Advantage, Inc.
Earth Advantage, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party web sites or Websites. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Earth Advantage, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or Websites available on or through any such third-party web sites or Websites.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or Websites that you visit.IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Earth Advantage, Inc. and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Website, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Website.Limitation Of LiabilityIn no event shall Earth Advantage, Inc., nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Website; (ii) any conduct or content of any third-party on the Website; (iii) any content obtained from the Website; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.DisclaimerYour use of the Website is at your sole risk. The Website is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Website is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Earth Advantage, Inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Website will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Website is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Website will meet your requirements.ExclusionsSome jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Oregon, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Website, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Website.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Website after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Website.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Earth Advantage
623 SW Oak Street
Third Floor
Portland, OR 97205
CCB# 204173
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
© 2020 Earth Advantage, Inc.
Quick Links
PDX Home Energy Assessors
OR Home Energy Assessors
Training Policies
Online Payments
Our Other Websites
Green Building Registry
Safe+Sustainable Site Certification
ZERO Coalition
ADU Specialist
Home Certification
Keep in Touch
Subscribe to our monthly updates about Earth Advantage work
website development by:
cascade web//development