http://www.ramleisure.com/pages/privacy
Home
Privacy
0
PRIVACY
OUR APPROACH
RAM Leisure takes the privacy of its users very seriously.
Below we set out our privacy policy, which governs the way in which we process any personal information that you provide to us.
If we decide to change our privacy policy for this website, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
You can access our home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data, apart from the information collected by cookies that we use (please see below).
WHO MAY PROCESS DATA
Personal information will only be collected with your consent.
Your personal information (which includes your name, address and any other details that you provide to us which identify you as an individual) may be processed by us as a company.
THE PURPOSE OF PROCESSING
We will use your information for the purpose of administering our relationship with you, such as fulfilling orders placed by you; processing any other transactions authorised by you; informing you of special offers; undertaking product or customer research/development and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest.
If you do not wish to receive any marketing information you may request that your details are excluded from any promotional activity by sending an e-mail to privacy@ramleisure.com
Your personal information shall not be used for any other purposes and shall not be disclosed to any other organisations.
COOKIES
We may send a small file to your computer when you visit our website.
This will enable us to identify your computer, track your behaviour on our website and to identify your particular areas of interest so as to enhance your future visits to this website.
We may use cookies to collect and store personal data and we link information stored by cookies with personal data you supply to us.
Save for the use of cookies, we do not automatically log data or collect data apart from for information you specifically provide to us.
You can set your computer browser to reject cookies but this may preclude your use of certain parts of this website.
Please refer to our detailed article Cookies and how they are used.
SECURITY MEASURES
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to try to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use and disclosure, unauthorised destruction or accidental loss.
However, we cannot guarantee the protection of your personal data as due to the nature of the internet, the website is theoretically accessible by any user of the worldwide web.
You should be aware that when you disclose personal information on the website, it may be collected by another user and may result in unsolicited messages from other internet users.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have a right to request a copy of the personal information the company holds about you (in return for a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
Please address requests to data@ramleisure.com
CHILDREN
We do not intentionally collect personal information from children without prior permission from parents or guardians.
We urge children under 18 years of age to check with their parents or guardians before using the internet, as usage will often result in personal information being collected.