http://www.gamurdock.com/privacy-statement
Products
Chemicals
Chemicals
NEUTRA 7®
NEUTRA SUL®
POLY GUARD®
POT PERM® PLUS
RESCARE®
RID O' RUST®
RUST OUT®
BAN-T®
Softener Mate®
SANI-SYSTEM™
Drain Products
Drain Products
Drain Line Adapters
Air-Gap Adapters
Hose Barb Adapters
Drain Saddles
EZ-Adapters
EZ-Adapters
EZ-Faucet
EZ-Ball Valves
EZ-Adapter Gaskets
EZ-Angle Stop
Faucets
Faucets
Series 100 Flip-Handle Faucets
Series 600 Signature Faucets
Series 700 Classic Faucets
Series 800 Modern Faucets
Series 900 Designer Faucets
Vintage Faucets
Ultra-Contemporary Faucets
Quadra Faucets
Multiple-flow Faucets
Faucet Accessories
Filters
Filters
Carbon Block Filters
GAC Filters
Sediment Filters
In-line Filters
Compatible Filters
Specialty Filters
Fittings
Fittings
Mur-lok Fittings
John Guest SpeedFit Fittings
John Guest CTS Twist & Lock Fittings
Watts SeaTech CTS Fittings
All Union Fittings
All Union Elbow Fittings
All Union Tee Fittings
All Male-Threaded Straight Fittings
All Male-Threaded Elbow Fittings
All Swivel Elbow Fittings
All Male-Threaded Tees
All Bulkhead Fittings
All Male & Female Stem Fittings
All Female-Threaded Fittings
All Female-Threaded Elbow Fittings
All Brass Fittings
All Cross Fittings
All U-Bend Fittings
All Stem Reducer Fittings
All Stem Elbow Fittings
All Stem Tee Fittings
All Hose Barb Fittings
All Hose Barb Elbow Fittings
All End Stops
All Fitting Plugs
All Collets & O-Rings
All Locking Clips
All Fitting Accessories
All Compression Parts
All Fitting Kits
Flex Connectors
Flex Connectors
Push-to-Connect
GE Autotrol
UltraFlex Connectors
Female Pipe
Culligan/Erie
Clack QC
Housings
Housings
2.5" Housings
4" Housings
High Temperature
Bag Vessel
Accessories
Instruments
Instruments
Handheld Meters
Inline Meters
Panel Meters
Meter Accessories
Leak Detectors
Membranes
Membranes
Residential
Culligan Compatible
Encapsulated Membranes
Commercial
Housings
Flow Controls
Pressure Gauges
Pressure Regulators
Pumps
Pumps
Booster Pumps
Delivery Pumps
Permeate Pumps
Power Transformers
Electric Shut-Off
Pressure Switches
Storage Tanks
Storage Tanks
RO Tanks
RO Tank Valves
Auto-Shutoff Valves
Tank Gauges
Systems
Systems
Merlin RO System
Omnipure TwistTap System
Pentek Drinking Water
Pentek Quick-Change
Pentek PRF-RO
Pentek Reverse Osmosis
Pentek Under-Sink
Pentek Freshpoint RO
WOW RO Systems
Aries Arsenic Reduction
Testing Kits
Tools
Tools
Hole Saws
John Guest Tools
Glue
Silicone Grease
Thread Sealing Tape
Tubing
Tubing
Polyethylene Tubing
PVC Drain Line
PEX Tubing
Copper
Accessories
Anti-Microbial Tubing
Valves
Valves
Inline Valves
Elbow Valves
Angle Stop Valves
Mur-lok RO Pal
Tee Valves
Check Valves
Auto Shut-Off Valves
Saddle Valves
Clearance Products
Clearance Products
KX Filter Clearance Sale
Catalogs
New Products
Brands
Mur-lok
Solutions
Order Express
FAQ
About us
How to Buy
Contact Us
Blog
Privacy StatementG.A. Murdock, Inc. collects and stores only the information needed to build and maintain customer relationships and fulfill your orders or requests.
G.A. Murdock, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
What information is collected?The following information is collected by G.A. Murdock through our websites, application forms, phone conversations or other correspondence.
Website VisitorsCustomersCredit Terms ApplicantsIP AddressLocation (from IP Address)Visit source/referrer detailsAd click informationDevice informationAny data entered by the visitorCompany & contact infoBilling and shipping infoPayment infoG.A. Murdock website loginShipping carrier accountsResale certificates (South Dakota)Business card contentsCompany ownership structureOwner(s) contact infoOwner(s) social security numbersTrade referencesIf a website visitor comes from a paid advertising source, additional information provided by the advertising service (i.e. Google AdWords) may be stored about the visitor.
This advertising provider information may include age, gender, web browsing preferences, and location, etc.
We do not actively use this information to profile individual visitors, but may use it in aggregate to design future marketing campaigns to find similar potential buyers.
How is the information collected?Our websites use tracking cookies to identify visitors and store visit history as part of the login and functionality of the sites.
Cookies are required for the ability to place orders on the order.gamurdock.com website.
We also store the information provided by contacts that fill out forms, PDF applications, letters and other correspondence.
We may obtain information from marketing sources including:Trade show participant lists provided to exhibitors
Directory listing referrals (including phone calls)
Advertising responses
Vendor and other customer referrals
We also use common website tracking and analysis tools, such as Google Analytics and WebTrax to collect aggregate data about our website visitors.
Why is the data being collected and how will it be used?We track our visitors and customers to provide a quality user experience both online and offline.
We store only the information necessary to build and maintain our business relationship and fulfill orders.
We will use the information you provided to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.
We also use the information collected to analyze return on investment (ROI) of our marketing efforts.
We mail an annual catalog to all recently active customers and prompt all customers/prospects to update their contact information routinely.
We also contact customers about new products, pricing changes, holiday closings, and promotions via our email/fax newsletter.
You may change your communication options at any time by contacting us at 800-568-7565 or 605-256-9632 or via any of the other contact methods listed on the website. All customer data is stored for 7 years since the last transaction.  How will the data be shared?We do not sell or rent our customer data to third parties.
We will share only the necessary information to fulfill your orders and requests, such as sharing shipping information with shipping carriers and payment information with payment processors.We may provide customer data to collection agencies in the event of a failure to meet credit terms.
We may provide summary payment history about customers in response to trade reference requests.
We may provide some customer contact info and product purchase history data to vendors as part of routine sales reporting.
If identifying customer details are included, then we protect this data with non-disclosure agreements (NDA).
Customer information may be stored in 3rd party tools for e-commerce, customer relationship management (CRM), email marketing, and direct mailing purposes.
These data processors are evaluated to ensure they store the customer data securely and do not resell or share the data that has been provided.
Some visitors are automatically tagged in Google Analytics for later use in remarketing campaigns on other websites such as Google Search.
Specifically we use this functionality to try to focus our marketing spending on bringing in new leads rather than marketing to existing customers.  How will the data be protected?Our websites use secure SSL/TLS encryption to protect data submitted through web forms and cookies while in transit to and from the server.
Information stored at our office is restricted to only those employees who need access to perform their job role.
The credit card information you provide online or offline is replaced with a randomized string of information called a token, and all actual credit card data is stored with our payment processor: PayPal.
Our e-commerce website provider is PCI DSS certified annually.
Other documents you provide us containing sensitive information are stored in an encrypted document management system with access controlled by job role.
Data backups are also encrypted and stored securely.
We also train our employees routinely on our privacy and security practices to protect our business and customers’ data.
What to do if you have questions or concerns?Please call us at 800-568-7565 or 605-256-9632, or via any of the other contact methods listed on the website, if you wish to discuss concerns regarding our policies or to make changes to the data we store and your communication preferences.
In the event you wish to discontinue being a customer or remove personal contact information from our systems, you should contact us to begin that process.
We will work with you to identify what information is stored and how much you would like to be removed.