http://www.tssupport.com/company/privacy/
Buy now
Try it for free
MultiCharts
/
Company
/
Privacy Statement
In general, you can visit MultiCharts on the Web without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you. You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name and address or e-mail id that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to process an order or to provide you with a subscription. If you tell us that you do not want us to use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
We believe strongly in protecting your privacy. We recognize the importance of protecting your personal information. In order to process your transactions and service your account we must obtain your personal information.
Your order information is protected by your password. If you forget your password, we will send your password to the email address listed in your MultiCharts account. We will not rent or sell your name, address, email address, or personal information to any third party without your permission.
Information security and quality
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures, such as using encryption for transmission of credit card numbers, to help us keep your information secure, accurate, current, and complete.
We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal information please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender with details of the correction requested.
Personal data that we collect
When requesting Free Trial you will be required to provide us with your email address and name.
How personal information is used
When requesting Free Trial we send an email with the download link and getting started instructions to the specified email address.
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out service-related announcements or important newsletters. For instance, if major functionality upgrade is released, we might send all users an email message. Also, we can sometimes use your email address to send marketing messages. Users can refuse to receive such messages in the future by clicking unsubscribe in one of the emails.