http://www.eeiweb.com/privacy_policy/
Skip to content
Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Engineering Enterprises, Inc. Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated by Engineering Enterprises, Inc. (EEI). Your privacy on the internet is of the utmost importance to us. At EEI, we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
GATHERED INFORMATION:
EEI may gather information that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. These are voluntary submissions to receive our electronic newsletters, to participate in our message boards or forums, to -email a friend, and form participation in polls and surveys. Some of this information may be considered personally identifiable.
EEI may gather information through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers’ needs, troubleshoot the website and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand the demographics of our audience. This information may include the referring URL, your IP address, your ISP, your browser type, and date/time stamp of website access. Note that your IP address gives an indication of the physical location of your ISP and by extension and indication of your physical location.
Consistent with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
SERVICES OFFERED:
EEI may offer the following services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personally identifiable information by users:
Electronic newsletters (Dispatchers): We may offer an electronic newsletter to users. EEI gathers the e-mail addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter that points users to the subscription management page. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration.
Forums: If EEI offers forums, users must register separately for these services in order to post messages, although they needn’t register to visit the site. During registration the user is required to supply a username, password, and e-mail address.
“E-mail this to a friend” Service: Our site users may be able to choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to someone else by clicked “e-mail this to a friend.” The user must provide their e-mail address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the e-mail. The information is not used for any other purpose.
Polling: We may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. EEI may use a system to “tag” users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual users.
Surveys: EEI may conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our sponsors, advertisers and partners. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
USAGE TRACKING:
EEI may track user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. EEI does break down overall usage statistics according to a user’s domain name, browser type, and MIME type by reading this information from the browser string (information contained in every user’s browser).
EEI may track and catalog the search terms that users enter in our Search function, but this tracking is never associated with individual users. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
USE OF INFORMATION BY EEI:
EEI uses any information voluntarily given by our users to communicate with our users, provide customer service and to enhance user’s experience in our network of sites, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users.
As stated above, we use information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in forums and polls. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter), and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are doing. EEI never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners.
We may use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. We may track search terms entered in Search function as one of many measures of what inerests our users. But we don’t track which terms a particular user enters.
EEI may create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for our use and for use by our advertisers, sponsors and partners. This allows us and our advertisers to advertise more effectively, an allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. Because we don’t track the usage of patterns of individual users, an advertiser or sponsor will never know that a specific user clicked their ad. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES:
EEI uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience’s demographics. We will not share personally identifiable information with third parties as part of our regular course of business. However, it’s possible that we may share personally identifiable information to comply with applicable laws or valid legal process, or in order to protect the personal safety of our users or the public. Also, we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the privacy policy then in effect.
SECURITY:
EEI operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers.
OPT-OUT POLICY:
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include:
Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletter.
Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users.
YOUR CONSENT:
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by EEI. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstance we disclose it.
Sign Up
Facebook
Google
Twitter
or enter your registration credentialsAlready have an account?Log inSign up
Login
Facebook
Google
Twitter
or use your login dataDon't have an account? Click here toSign upRemember meLog in