http://www.diamondantenna.com/legal-and-privacy-notice
Legal and Privacy Notice
Thank you for visiting the Diamond Antenna and Microwave Corporation website and reviewing our privacy policy. Our privacy policy is simple: we collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Submitting personal information is voluntary. When you voluntarily submit information, it constitutes your consent to the use of the information for the purpose(s) stated at the time of collection. See the Privacy Act of 1974 (P.L. 93-579) for more information on your rights under the Privacy Act.
For the protection of users of our Web sites, we have safeguards in place to identify and prevent unauthorized attempts to access or cause harm to information and systems.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
The Diamond Antenna web server collects and saves only the default information customarily logged by World-Wide Web server software. Specifically, for each http request received, the date and time, the originating IP address, the object requested, and the completion status of the request is collected and saved.
We analyze these logs monthly to determine the traffic through the server during that month in hits, the number of pages served, and the level of demand for pages of interest during each month. We may also analyze accesses to particular pages to determine US versus non-US use, government agency versus private use, and other statistics that may be of value to us in establishing priorities and allocating resources in order to better accomplish our dissemination mission.
E-mail submitted to Diamond Antenna is saved in accordance to Department of Commerce policy and NARA guidelines. If you choose to provide us with personal information in e-mail, we use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. We do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you. We only share the information you give us with a third party if your inquiry relates to that third party. Moreover, we do not store any personal information independent of the e-mail message, create individual profiles with the information you provide, or give it to any private organizations. We do not collect information for commercial marketing.
Use of Persistent Cookies and Tracking Technology:
We do not use persistent cookies or persistent tracking technologies, such as those used for session customization for returning visitors, on our website.
Use of Cookies on TEAS and OEMS:
We use memory resident cookies (not persistent) on our TEAS and OEMS systems to maintain browser session integrity. No personal information is gathered and it is not stored on your hard drive. When you exit our site, the cookie terminates.
Find a Sales Rep
Request an Evaluation
Request a Quote
Find a Sales Rep
Diamond Antenna utilizes both a direct sales force as well as select manufacturers’ representatives.
Choose Your Sales Rep
Request an Evaluation
Have a specific request or question? Please fill out the form below and let us know how we can help.
Name*Email*
SubjectMessage*CAPTCHA
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Request a Quote
Thank you for your interest in our products. Please fill out the form below and a direct sales representative will contact you.
NameAddressEmail*
City*Phone*Region/State*Company Name*Zip CodeWhich of these best describes your level of interest?Browsing/General InterestBeginning InvestigationEvaluating ProductsReady to PurchaseMessageCAPTCHA
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.