https://www.accountancyeurope.eu/privacypolicy/
Privacy and cookie policy - Accountancy Europe
Close
About us
Accountancy Europe
Our CSR
Careers
Contact Us
Our Focus
How we work
Members
Expert Groups
Stakeholders
Board
Team
News
News
Newsletter
Stories from practice
Blogs and Vlogs
Policy Updates
In the media
Podcast
Publications
Consultation Responses
Events
SME work
Members login
Privacy and cookie policy
Who are we?
Accountancy Europe has its registered office at Avenue d’Auderghem 22-28/8, 1040 Brussels, Belgium. We are registered with the Crossroads Bank for Enterprises under company number 0430.069.789.
To fulfil our mission of representing our members from 51 professional organisations that count for 1 million professional accountants, auditors and advisors, we collect, hold, disclose and otherwise process personal data. Pursuant to applicable data protection and privacy legislation, we qualify as the “data controller” with respect to the personal data that we process.
We know your privacy is important
Your privacy counts and we strive to protect your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and more specifically with the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and with the applicable national legislation.
From time to time, we may be required to change this privacy and cookie policy. The most recent version is always available on our website on this same page.
Who are you, i.e. whose personal data do we collect?
In the context of our mission, we collect personal data relating to:
our members and members’ representatives, as members of our board, members’ assembly or expert groups
subscribers to newsletters, news alerts or policy updates
attendees at our events, including speakers or potential speakers
persons who give us their business card at meetings or events
stakeholders with whom we engage within the framework of our mission
How do we collect personal data?
We may collect information about you in various ways:
from our members if they designate you as their representative or as a member of one of our expert groups
directly from you
when you visit our website https://www.accountancyeurope.eu or interact with us through our social media accounts
when you fill in (web)forms to attend events, receive newsletters, publications, policy updates, etc.
when you respond to online surveys and polls
when you hand over your business card
What personal data do we collect?
We may collect the following information about you:
Personal identification data
Name, address, telephone number, email address or other contact details
Electronic identification data
Surfing behaviour (see below re our website cookies) and tracking results of our e-mailings (we track whether you have received, opened or clicked on our e-mails)
Financial transactions
Payment overviews, proof of payment, amounts paid or due, etc.
Personal characteristics
Age, gender, nationality, areas of expertise, elements of evaluation of (potential) speakers, etc.
Lifestyle and areas of interest
Dietary requirements
Information regarding travel and movements
Information on previous whereabouts, travels, etc.
Social contacts
Information on business partners and other contacts
Employment and functions exercised
Current functions and/or previous functions, participation to working committees, information about your position with one of our members, etc.
Use of media
Use of media and communication methods
Photos and videos
Photos and videos made at events, meetings, etc.
For what purposes do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
member administration and member communication
supplier administration
public relations purposes
information-sharing purposes via electronic mailings (if you subscribed to them)
management and analysis of our website(s) and social media channels
research and statistical purposes
For member administration and member communication, we process certain personal data of members’ representatives as required for the proper execution of our mission.
For information-sharing purposes via electronic mailings, we base the processing of your data as per the consent you have provided us with. You may update your preferences at any time or unsubscribe via the link available in all mailings.
In all other cases, the processing of personal data is based on our legitimate interests to analyse website statistics, to improve the content and quality of our website and to conduct research and surveys.
With whom do we share your personal data?
We may share your personal data with third parties, such as partner organisations with whom we organise events and service providers we use (e.g. IT service providers).
Where relevant, contractual safeguards are implemented to ensure the protection of your personal data when disclosing your personal data to a third party.
Your personal data will never be rented or sold to third parties for commercial purposes. Your data may be transferred or processed to US-based IT service providers. We make sure that these providers comply with the data protection laws and are part of the Privacy Shield.
How long do we keep your personal data?
Your personal data will not be stored for longer than necessary in relation to the purposes for which we process them (we refer to the purposes as listed above). Afterwards they might still be found in our back-ups or archives, but will no longer be actively processed in a file.
More specifically, we apply the following retention guidelines:
the personal data that is collected via website cookies will be stored for the storage period of the cookie, as indicated below
the personal data that is collected from attendees of our events are archived and no longer used after the event has taken place (unless you have indicated the wish to be informed of our future events or activities). As soon as we note that your contact details are no longer accurate or active, or whenever you decide to use your right to unsubscribe, we will no longer keep your personal data for these purposes;
likewise, any personal data used for information-sharing purposes will be retained for as long as we are sending you relevant mailings/newsletters. As soon as we note that your contact details are no longer accurate or active, or whenever you decide to use your right to unsubscribe, we will no longer keep your personal data for these purposes;
personal data used for member administration are retained for as long as these data are relevant for the execution of our mission; and
personal data used for the purposes of statistics or research are anonymised as soon as possible.
Only where we are legally obliged to, or where it is necessary for defending our interests in the context of judicial proceedings (e.g. in case of a dispute), we will store the personal data for longer periods. More information on our retention periods is available upon simple request.
How do we protect your personal data?
We have implemented administrative, technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the specific risks that we have identified. We thereby strive to protect your personal data (to the extent reasonably possible) against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
Further, we seek to ensure that we keep your personal data accurate and up to date. In view thereof, we kindly request you to inform us of any changes to your personal data (such as a change in your contact details).
What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
Under certain conditions, you have the legal right under articles 15-22 of the GDPR to:
access your personal data;
rectify, complete or update your data
erase your personal data (‘right to be forgotten’);
restrict processing of your personal data;
object to the processing of your personal data (i.e. your right to unsubscribe from newsletters and event invitations); and to
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to (have) transmit(ted) your personal data to another organisation.
To read more about these rights, please go to the website of the Belgian Data Protection Authority here. In principle you may exercise these rights free of charge. Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive we may however charge a reasonable fee.
You can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@accountancyeurope.eu. A proof of identity may be required.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your Data Protection Authority. The Belgian Data Protection Authority can be reached at this link.
Use of cookies and social media buttons
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer or mobile device via your browser. We use performance cookies (Google Analytics, ClickDimensions web analytics and AddThis social sharing widget) and social media buttons on our website.
Performance cookies placed by Google Analytics (_ga, _gat) collect navigation information for statistical purposes and help us improve our website and user experience. The storage period is 26 months for Google Analytics, but Accountancy Europe only receives geolocalisation data and no IP address. Please visit this link to learn more about how Google processes such data and about the possible transfer of your cookie data (to Google data centres) outside the European Economic Area. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, you can visit this page.
ClickDimensions (cusid, cuvid, cuvon) is a unique user session identifier to track page visits on the site for up to 30 minutes. See more information about these cookies here. Such cookies do not reveal your specific identity or do not directly relate to an identifiable individual. These cookies expire ultimately 2 years from setup date. See the ClickDimensions privacy policy to learn more about how ClickDimensions processes such data and about the possible transfer of your cookie data outside the European Economic Area. If you do not want this site to place a cookie on your browser and track your activity, you may leave the site or you may browse the site using privacy mode in your web browser.
AddThis (_atuvc, _atuvs) stores an updated page share count. AddThis retains these data for up to 13 months. AddThis data is collected online and indirectly identifies users. This data includes, for example IP address and geo-location data derived from this IP address. Please visit this page to learn more about how AddThis processes such data and about the possible transfer of your cookie data to data centres outside the European Economic Area.
Our ‘cookie consent banner’ will register your consent to all cookies above. If you do not consent, you can adapt your cookie settings accordingly, and your surfing behaviour is made anonymous.
Social media buttons are used to enable the possibility to share content via the most common social media platforms. When you decide to share content with these buttons, our website will link you to the chosen social media platform. When you do so, you are bound by the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policy of the relevant social media platform.
How can you manage / delete these cookies?
All major internet browsers offer the option to manage the cookies that were installed on your computer or mobile device. In addition, you can set your mobile or browser to get a notification every time you receive a cookie on your device, so that you can decide whether you wish to accept this cookie or not.
Please note that when you disable certain cookies of which we are making use, certain parts of our website might no longer function properly, and you will no longer enjoy an optimal user experience.
Contact
If you have any questions, comments or complaints in relation to this privacy policy or our processing of your personal data, please feel free to contact us at by regular mail at the attention of Noémi Robert at Avenue d’Auderghem 22-28/8, 1040 Brussels or via privacy@accountancyeurope.eu.
Related content
EventSmall in size, big in impact: Can NFI work for SMEs?
19 November 2020
Read more
EventMembers’ Webinar Series
21 October 2020
Read more
EventImplementing ESEF
12 October 2020
Read more
UpdateTax Policy
9 October 2020
Read more
NewsAccountancy Europe welcomes EU sustainable corporate governance initiative
8 October 2020
Read more
Consultation responseEC roadmap on sustainable corporate governance
8 October 2020
Read more
NewsletterNewsletter September 2020
6 October 2020
Read more
Team memberIlayda Nijhar
5 October 2020
Read more
Consultation responseEC’s consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard.
5 October 2020
Read more
Team memberChristophe Lits
5 October 2020
Read more
Podcast Accountants & the fight against financial crime (Part 2)
2 October 2020
Read more
EventPostponed: The path to high-quality non-financial information assurance
1 October 2020
Read more
UpdateTax Policy
25 September 2020
Read more
UpdateSME Update
24 September 2020
Read more
NewsEUIPO and Accountancy Europe join to support SMEs
24 September 2020
Read more
NewsAccountancy Europe welcomes cooperation by sustainability reporting bodies
23 September 2020
Read more
UpdateAudit Policy
21 September 2020
Read more
Consultation responseEC’s roadmap on obligation for companies to publish non-financial information
18 September 2020
Read more
Podcast The EU & the fight against financial crime (Part 1)
18 September 2020
Read more
UpdateTax Policy
11 September 2020
Read more
Contact us
T +32 (0)2 893 33 60
info@accountancyeurope.eu
www.accountancyeurope.eu
About us
Careers
Our CSR
Contact us
Our Focus Areas
Sustainable Finance
SMEs
Tax
Audit & Assurance
Reporting
Quick links
Technology Hub
SME Hub
Young Professionals Initiatives
Podcast
Privacy and cookie policy
Disclaimer
Csorba Media
Sign up for our newsletter
* indicates required
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email Address
*
Organisation
Would you like to subscribe to our newsletter?
Yes
On which topics would you like to receive news?
Sustainability & sustainable finance
SMEs
Tax
Audit & assurance
Corporate reporting
Anti-money laundering & fighting financial crime
Public sector
Financial services
Corporate governance
Technology