http://www.deainc.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Join Us
Our People
Current Openings
Benefits
Subconsultants and Vendors
Search
Locations
Contact
Privacy Policy
David Evans and Associates, Inc. Website Privacy Policy
Our commitment to privacy:
David Evans and Associates, Inc. (“DEA”) recognizes and respects your privacy while you use our website.  In this spirit, we want you to be aware of the information we collect and how that information might be used in order for you to make a choice about using our site.
The information we collect:
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on our site.  You do not need to register to view our site, but registration may be required if you choose to submit information on DEA’s “Join Us” resources: “Subconsultants and Vendors”; and “Current Openings” pages.  The Current Openings page includes information that is required for Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) reporting.
The Join Us resources may collect the following information from you voluntarily:
Your name
Your home address
Your work or home phone number
Your email address
In addition, the Join Us resources may collect your resume, CV or work history, information about your business, services, experience, references, insurance, safety data, and other business related data.  This identifiable information is generally considered “User Data”.  Our site may also require your browser to accept “Cookies”, or small temporary text files placed on your processor or in the browser directory of your hard drive, so the site can remember who you are.
During your visit to our site, our server may also track and record your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, OS and browser type, pages and files that you access, length of your visit, your geographic information and search terms you used to find our site. Collection of this information is designed to help us administer the site and for general business purposes, such as how many users visited a certain part of the site, and are not designed to track a specific IP address to the identity of a particular individual user.  The server does not collect your personal, identifying information without registration.
How we may use the data:
We may use your User Data:
to complete your profile and allow ongoing use of your account as a user of the site,
to make available to you any information or features provided via the site,
to send you notices or other information or to contact you in the future,
for any other use permitted by the site’s Terms of Use (“Terms”), or
for any other lawful purpose.
Sharing your information:
We will not sell, rent, or share your personal information you submit except:
with a third party that we have engaged to assist with the management of this information or with a third party to carry out our business operations and business objectives,
as necessary to comply with applicable laws, including responding to subpoenas, courts action and other administrative requests,
to protect our or a third party’s rights, safety or property, or
under the license you have granted to us under the site’s Terms.
While we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, we have requested that they not share your information.
Our commitment to data security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. While we are not responsible for the privacy parties of third parties, we have asked third parties that we share information with to do the same. That said, the transmission of information between you and the site may not be encrypted and may not always be secure. While we strive to protect your User Data, we cannot ensure the security of any information (including User Data) transmitted to, from, or over the site. You provide User Data at your own risk.
How you can access, correct or remove your information:
If you wish to delete personal information and are unable to do so directly on the site, please send us an email at webmaster@deainc.com stating that you want your user name, user address, and user e-mail address removed or inactivated from the site (“Opt Out”). Once we have received your Opt Out request, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to carry out your Opt Out request within a commercially reasonable period of time.  Even if you Opt Out, however, be aware that we do not have any obligation:
to delete the User Data provided to us,
to prevent the use of User Data that may have been shared with others up to that time, and
for your use of any other websites which are not under our ownership or control, even if you linked to any of these forums via the site, or any other communications sent to you by any party other than us.
You can verify the change of information on record by sending us an email at webmaster@deainc.com.  We have no duty to correct, update, modify or eliminate any of your User Data as it appears on the site.
Third Party Websites:
As a convenience, this site may contain links to other sites, including social media, that we do not control or are affiliated with (“Third Party Sites”). Our Current Openings page manages User Data using a Third Party Site and related software. We do not make any representation concerning the privacy practices or terms of use of these sites, nor do we control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, quality, or content on or made available via these sites.  If any Third Party Sites are used, please be aware that any User Data that you provide may be read, collected, or otherwise used, including to potentially send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information (including User Data) you choose to provide to any Third Party Site.  A sites’ inclusion or exclusion on our site does not imply our endorsement or recommendation.  No Third Party Site is authorized to make any representations or warranties on our behalf.  Your visit to any Third Party Site is subject to the terms of the Third Party Site’s Privacy Policy and not this Privacy Policy.
Unconditional Acceptance:
By using this site, you agree:
to all terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, without alteration,
that no provision of this Privacy Policy, including the Opt Out, limits or alters in any way any of the rights and licenses you have granted to us under to the site’s Terms. If there is any inconsistency between the site’s Terms and this Privacy Policy, the site’s Terms will govern.
Modification:
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and may change it without notice to you. By using this site, you consent to all changes and you are bound by the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at each time you visit the site.  YOU SHOULD REGULARLY REVIEW AND PRINT THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOUR RECORDS.
Legal Matters:
We recognize that international laws may differ.  Therefore, our site and this Privacy Policy is intended for and applicable only to residents of the United States of America.
Except as specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere on the site, or as otherwise required by applicable law, neither DEA nor it’s officers, directors, employees, third party vendors, or other representatives will be liable for damages of any kind (including direct, indirect, compensatory, consequential, special, incidental or punitive) because of your use of our site.
QUESTIONS?  How to contact us:
In the event you have a question or concern about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at webmaster@deainc.com.
This policy was revised March 30, 2017.
Legal
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Who We Are
History
Core Ideology
Leadership
Stewardship
Locations
Contact DEA
What We Do
Energy
Land Development
Transportation
Water and Environment
Surveying and Geomatics
Marine Services
Solutions
Alternative Project Delivery
Construction Engineering
Energy Development
Engineering
Landscape Architecture
Environmental Planning and Compliance
Planning
Project Management
News
Awards
Rankings
Join Us
Our People
Current Openings
Benefits
Subconsultants and Vendors