http://www.majorskylights.com/privacy-policy/
MAJOR INDUSTRIES
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
The team at Major Industries understands your concerns about privacy, and is providing this Privacy Statement for our www.majorskylights.com and www.shopmajorskylights.com websites, as well as any other external Major Industries, Inc. websites that link to this Notice (the “Sites”). This Statement describes the types of personal information we collect on the Sites, how we use the information, who sees the information, as well as the choices available to users of our Sites regarding our use of the information. This Statement and our Terms and Conditions also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how users can contact us about our privacy practices. Certain of the Sites may provide additional detail about privacy practices specific to those Sites. Internal company policies and procedures govern Major Industries’ networks and systems and the processing of personal information relating to employees and other authorized Major Industries network users.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
User Submissions
Users of the Sites may submit their information to us for access to material and data, to pursue job openings, or to sign up for email newsletters, updates and other media. Types of personal information users of our Sites may submit include contact information (such as name, address, telephone number and email address), employment information (such as title, division and employer), login credentials for the Web Portal and other Sites, personal information submitted by job applicants, such as a résumé or C.V., work authorization information, salary history, education history, and related information, and other personal content and information.
When you provide us with personal information to complete an online sales transaction (for example, verifying your credit card, placing an order, arranging for a delivery or returning a purchase), we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
Automated Information Collection
Like many other companies, we may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, web server logs and JavaScript.
Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device. Our Sites may use cookies (such as HTTP and HTML5 cookies) and Flash cookies, as well as other types of local storage (such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage). If you wish to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or want to restrict or disable certain cookies, please refer to your web browser’s settings for more information. You may be also adjust your cookie settings by reviewing the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Sites or other websites and online services.
In addition to gathering information through cookies, our web servers may log information such as your device type, operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. We may record information such as the address of the web page that referred you to our Sites, the IP address of the device you use to connect to our Sites, and information about your interaction with the Sites, such as which pages you visit.
Major also uses some third-party web analytics services on our Sites, such as those of Google Analytics, WebsiteAlive and ClickDimensions. These service providers help us analyze how you use our Sites, allow us to respond to chat requests if you have a question while on our site, and let us interact with you in a more relevant manner once you sign up to receive newsletters and related updates. The information collected for this purpose (including your IP address and other information collected by automated means) will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers.
Both Major and others (such as our service providers and advertising networks) may collect personal information about our visitors’ online activities, over time and across third-party websites. The providers of other third-party plug-ins on our Sites, such as embedded videos and social sharing tools, may use automated means to collect information regarding your use of the Sites and your interactions with the plug-ins. This information is subject to the privacy policies or notices of the third-party plug-in providers and is not subject to Major Industries’ Privacy Statement.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
Our goal in using automated information gathering is to provide you with a better website experience, and to bring you information on products and services in a timely and focused manner. This information also helps us more easily make positive changes and updates to the website to provide you with a better overall experience.
We may also use the information described above to:
provide products and services
send you promotional materials or other communications
communicate with you about special events, programs, offers, and surveys
respond to your inquiries
process employment applications, including by assessing qualifications, verifying information, and conducting reference or other employment-related checks
evaluate potential suppliers and subcontractors and manage our relationships with them
perform data analysis and deliver content tailored to our users’ interests
operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing our current products and services; managing communications; analyzing products, services and communications; and performing accounting and other internal functions)
monitor online security events, including fraud and other unlawful activities
comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements and relevant industry standards
INTERNET ADVERTISING
On our Sites, we may collect information about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. This section of our Online Privacy Statement provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
You may see certain ads on other websites because we participate in advertising networks. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons. The information our ad networks collect may include data about your visits to websites that participate in relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our Sites and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. To learn how to opt out of this ad network interest-based advertising, click here or check your browser’s security settings.
ONLINE PURCHASES
Our online store is hosted on Shopify Inc., an e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application, and information is on a secure server behind a firewall. If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. For more insight, please refer to Shopify for their Terms of Service and Privacy Statement.
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information via online ordering, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with an AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described in this Privacy Notice. We may share personal information with service providers or our affiliates who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions.
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government entities, and (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual espionage, cybersecurity or security events or other fraudulent or illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, spin-off, dissolution or liquidation).
RIGHTS, OPTIONS AND CONSENT
Major Industries offers options in connection with the personal information we collect. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the following paragraph, or via the contact information shown below. To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, delete or block the information by contacting us as indicated below. Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
You can withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at nqf@znwbefxlyvtugf.pbz or mailing us at:
Major Industries, Inc.
c/o: Marketing/Online Privacy Policy
7120 Stewart Ave
Wausau, Wisconsin 54401
USA
UPDATES TO OUR POLICIES
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post the updated version on our Sites and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact us at vasb@znwbefxlyvtugf.pbz or by mail at: Major Industries, Inc., 7120 Stewart Ave, Wausau, Wisconsin 54401.
MAJOR INDUSTRIES, INC.
7120 Stewart Ave
Wausau, WI 54401
(888) 759-2678 / (715) 842-4616
Email: vasb@znwbefxlyvtugf.pbz
BLOG NEWS
Daylighting Benefits for Aquatic Facilities
December 9, 2020
Project Spotlight: Artesia Aquatic Center – Artesia, NM
November 30, 2020
FIND A REP
NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP
Copyright Major Industries. All Rights Reserved ©
| PRIVACY POLICY | TERMS AND CONDITIONS