http://www.researchworks.com/index.php/contact/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
aQuilo
HomeWho We AreWhat We DoOur ClientsResourcesNewsPresentations & ArticlesYour Marketing MinuteVideosCase StudiesBlogContactJoin Our TeamPrivacy PolicySubscribe to YMMClient Area
Privacy Policy
Effective January 1, 2012
Our Commitment To Privacy ResearchWorks, Inc. has created this privacy statement to show our commitment to protecting your personal information. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available from our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. The following discloses the information collection and sharing practices for www.researchworks.com.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the ResearchWorks, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order services, products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address Email address Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information Company name
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you choose to opt-in. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and communicate about our services. For example, we may tell a vendor that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy: Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
You Can Access Or Correct Your Information You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 858-487-8200 or send us an email at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Want fresh ideas? Check out these two new publications by Dr. Moshe Engelberg:Med Device Online: How To Win Support (Internal & External) For Your Medical Device Read more...How to Make Medical Devices Customers Want and Will Buy Read more...
© 2014 - ResearchWorks, Inc. - All rights reserved.