http://www.samsonrope.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Samson Rope Technologies, Inc. Privacy NoticeEffective Date: 05/24/2018This Privacy Policy describes how Samson Rope Technologies, Inc. ("Samson", "we", "our", or "us") collects, uses, and shares personal information of users of Samson’s website, http://www.samsonrope.com
(the "Site"), and users of Samson’s online service platforms and portals (including but not limited to Icaria™ Classroom and Icaria™ Connect) (collectively, the "Customer Portal"). We periodically update this Privacy Policy and reserve
the right to change the provisions of this Policy or our privacy practices at any time. If you use the Customer Portal, then you will receive notice when this Privacy Policy is modified. If not, then we encourage you to review this site periodically,
and we will alert you that changes have been made by updating the Effective Date of the Policy. Your use of this Site or Customer Portal constitutes consent to any changes in this Policy as in effect on the date of such use. Your Rights
to Access Your Personal InformationYou have the right to access personal information about you that Samson has collected through this Site by sending a request for access to custserv@samsonrope.com. You can also request that we correct
or delete any such information by sending an email to the same address. To verify that the request is authentic, we may require that such request be sent from the email address associated with your personal information. While we will comply reasonably
and promptly with your request, we may need to retain some of your information for our own recordkeeping or to fulfill a legal obligation. Samson’s customers include distributors who use the Customer Portal to purchase products
for distribution to end users. If your information was collected by one of Samson’s distributors or some other third party, you must contact that third party with any questions or concerns about its use of your information. That third party’s
privacy practices may differ from those of Samson. This Policy is not intended to supersede or govern the privacy policies and practices of Samson’s distributors or any other third party. If you use the Customer Portal or have otherwise
provided your information to Samson, you may correct, update, or remove your information by emailing our Customer Support Team at custserv@samsonrope.com. What is Personal Information?Personal information means
information that specifically identifies an individual, such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, or account number. It may also include other information, such as gender, date of birth, or other demographic information, or about your
use of this Site, such as IP address or cookies, if that other information is linked to your personal information. How Your Information Is Collected?  Samson collects personal information that you provide to
us. For example:If you sign up for any of Samson’s Customer Portals, Samson may require you to register by providing your name, email address, phone number, and other information. You may be asked to create a username and password to login to this Site.If you contact us through our web site forms or by email, Samson may retain your email address or other information provided.If you apply for a job with Samson, we may ask you to provide more detailed and sensitive personal information required for compliance with our hiring and equal opportunity policies and practices.Our website includes social media features, such as links to our Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and LinkedIn pages. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.If you request technical papers or training materials, we may ask you to provide a name and email address.We also collect some of your information automatically when you visit this Site or log on to the Customer Portal. For example, this Site collects your IP address and other online identifiers and records the pages that you visit and other information about
your activity on this Site.Like many other websites, we ask you to allow us to use "cookies" to remember information about you and improve your browsing experience on this Site. If you reject cookies, you may still use this Site, but your ability
to use some features or areas of this Site may be limited. We may also work with third-parties providers who may use cookies on this Site. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or
some cookies. For more information about cookies, including how to set your internet browser to reject cookies, please go to www.allaboutcookies.org or http://www.networkadvertising.org. We also may be provided with your information by
another business or organization that has collected it from you, such as our distributors or your employer, so that we can contact you or so that you can access our services in furtherance of their business. Their collection of your information is governed
by their own privacy policies. What We Do with Your InformationSamson may use your personal information to:
send marketing communications regarding our products and services;send communications with information about our distributors;share information with authorized distributors so that they can contact you about Samson products or other similar offerings; andrespond to subpoenas, warrants, court orders, levies, attachment, order of a court appointed receiver, or other comparable legal process, including subpoenas from private parties in a civil action.Samson does not sell personal information to third parties. Samson will share your personal information only:
with its distributors so that they may contact you to complete a prospective purchase;with your consent;to fulfill a legal obligation, including:
in response to lawful requests or legal process, including in response to law enforcement requirements; oras a part of a business transaction, sale or transfer, or bankruptcy proceeding,for protection of personal or public safety or to prevent illegal activities;to protect our own rights including enforcing our own policies, contracts, and terms of use.Samson may also use anonymous or pseudonymous personal information for internal purposes, including monitoring the performance of its platform, or to
track the effectiveness of and improve its products, processes, or services. Samson may also share anonymous or pseudonymous data with selected third parties. How Samson Protects Personal InformationSamson follows
generally accepted standards to protect personal information and information submitted to us by our distributors, both during transmission and once we receive it.Security measures used by Samson to protect this data include but is not limited
to:Samson encrypts data using SSL and IPSec.Samson limits the amount of personal information we collect and maintain.Samson limits staff access to data. Privacy Shield RequirementsSamson complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it will abide by the
Privacy Shield Principles regarding personal information transferred from any of Samson’s clients in the European Union and Switzerland to Samson in the United States. Samson is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers
of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program,
and to view our certification, please visit http://www.privacyshield.gov/.In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Samson commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your information. Individuals in the European Union
with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy should first contact Samson at custserv@samsonrope.com. Samson will respond to your inquiry or complaint within 45 days. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern
that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our third-party dispute resolution provider, International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (ICDR-AAA) to resolve disputes at
http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html or through email at MartinezL@adr.org. This third-party dispute resolution program is specifically designed to resolve Privacy Shield-related complaints with no cost to you. If neither Samson nor our third-party
dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel as described in the Privacy Shield Agreement, Annex I, to be created jointly by the US Department of Commerce and the European
Commission. EU and Swiss residents have rights to access personal data about them, and to limit use and disclosure of their personal data. With our Privacy Shield certification, Samson has committed to respect those rights. Because
Samson personnel have limited ability to access data our distributors submit to our services, if you wish to request access, to limit use, or to limit disclosure, please provide the name of the Samson distributor who submitted your data to our services.
We will refer your request to that distributor and will support the distributor as needed in responding to your request. Samson acknowledges potential liability in cases of onward transfer of personal data to third parties who do not meet the criteria
as set forth in this Policy. Samson complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. Samson uses an annual self-assessment to review
its compliance with this Policy. Any employee who Samson determines has violated this Policy will be subject to discipline, up to and including termination of employment. Additional Considerations for California ResidentsThe California Civil Code requires businesses that have established business relationships with California residents to disclose to such residents upon their request: (1) the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for
the third party’s marketing purposes, and (2) the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared this information during the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would
like to make such a request, please submit your request to: custserv@samsonrope.comPlease note that California businesses are only required to respond to a customer request once during the course of any calendar year. Who to ContactTo report any issues or concerns, or to contact Samson with any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, email us at custserv@samsonrope.com or call 1-800-227-7673. You may also contact us as follows: Fax: 1-800-299-9246 Postal Address: Samson Rope Technologies, Inc.2090 Thornton StreetFerndale, WA 98248
x