https://www.macryn.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy and Communications Policy
This Privacy and Communications Policy (“Policy”) is effective as of Oct.1, 2015 .
This Policy sets forth how the operators (“we” or “us”) of www.macryn.com (“Website”) collect and use the information provided to us and certain other information that we automatically collect from your general access and use of this Website. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT BY USING ANY PORTION OF THIS WEBSITE, SUCH USE SHALL INDICATE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND THAT YOU AGREE TO OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU OR AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED BY US, AS SET FORTH IN THIS POLICY.
If you have any general questions or concerns about this Policy, you may contact us by sending an email with your questions, comments or concerns to info@www.macryn.com.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect from You
There are a variety of ways in which you may submit certain personal information (personally identifiable information) on this Website. We collect and store all first and last names and email addresses You provide when you contact us through this Website (collectively “Identity Information”). We use all Identity Information as set forth in the remainder of this Policy.
Forms
When you provide any Identity Information through any form contained on this Website, including in order to contact us, we collect and store the information provided by you. We may use your email or any other Identity Information you provide as expressly set forth in this Policy.
How We Automatically Collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information
When you access our Website, we collect and store certain non-personally identifiable information sent automatically by your browser. This includes your IP address, which may tell us your general location information, such as your country and sometimes your city, state and/or zip code, and the domain name from which you access our Website (“Location Information”). We also reserve the right to automatically collect and store other standard server log information, such as your browser type and language, the pages you access and the date and time you access pages on our Website and your operating system version. We also may determine what technology is available through your browser in order to provide you with the most appropriate version of any of our web pages. We may also use this information to redirect you to a different version of our Website if you are accessing our Website through a mobile or similar device. We collect and retrieve this information using standard web server logs and automatic data collection tools such as cookies and web beacons.
Our Use of Third-Party Cookies
We use third-parties such as Soundcloud, Youtube, Vimeo and other audio/ video providers to create audio/video demos. We may use and we reserve the right to use in the future web analytics services provided by third parties, such as Google Analytics in order to collect information about your use of this Website. In order to provide such services, these third parties typically pass cookies directly onto your browser when you use this Website (“third party cookies”). These third party providers may also transfer this information to other third parties by law or in order to help provide their services. All information collected directly by use of any third party cookies is non-Identity Information and relates only to how you use and interact with this Website. The use of third party cookies is not covered by our privacy policy and we do not have access or control over these cookies. You should review the separate privacy policies of these third-parties on their respective websites to learn more about their use of third party cookies.
We Do Not Link or Bundle Your Information
We do not combine or link your Identity Information with any Website Use Information or any other information that we automatically collect from you. We store the user info as email and their past purchases for reporting use and save for future references only.
How We Use & Share Your Personal Information. Consent to Receive Other Communications By Us
By providing your email address to us, you hereby consent to our use of the email address You have provided in order to receive certain promotional emails containing special offers, updates about our services or about any significant updates to this Website. You may opt out of receiving any such email or text message communication from us at any time by sending an email to: info@www.macryn.com and including the words “Opt-Out Communications Request” in the subject line. If you only desire to opt-out of receiving a certain type of communication from us, include the words “Opt-Out Text Message Request” or “Opt-Out Email Request”, as may be appropriate.
Service Providers
We use third party service providers to provide services and/or products to us necessary for hosting or operating this Website, and/or necessary for providing email services and similar services to our users. In the course of providing these services and/or products to us, such third parties may sometimes have limited access to information collected on this Website, including some of your Identity information. This limited access is incidental to the services being provided by such third parties and no permission or consent is granted by us for any third party provider to use or disclose this information in any manner whatsoever other than as necessary to provide the applicable service to us. Please note, when you make any payments to us on our Website through any email invoices you receive from us, your credit card and billing information is stored by third-parties including PayPal and credit card payment processors such as WaveApps. We have no control over the information storage and collection practices of such third-parties.
Do We Sell Your Identity Information?
We make every effort to respect your privacy and we will never sell, rent or license access to any of your Identity Information or any other personal or billing information you provide to this Website to any third parties for any purpose without your express written consent. We will only provide any information collected from you as expressly stated in this Policy. We never share any Identity Information or other information You have provided with any affiliates or resellers.
Required Disclosures
We may disclose certain Identity information if: i) requested via a subpoena, court order, or local, state, federal or international law enforcement request to release any such information; or ii) in order to investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other malicious activity; or iii) to protect our rights or protect our property, or any or the rights of our clients or other third parties.
Communications
When you visit this Website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. If you send us an email communication, call us or send a written correspondence for any reason, we may create a file and store your email and other Identity Information specific to you. We generally will maintain a record and keep notes of all communications with you. All messages transmitted by you on this Website or to us shall not be treated as confidential and shall be deemed to be accessible to the general public. You should not transmit any communications or correspondences to us that you intend only the intended recipient(s) read. Notice is hereby given that all messages or electronic data transmitted onto this Website can and may be read by us, regardless of whether we are the intended recipient of any such message(s).
External Links Disclaimer
We do not control any third party websites linked to this Website or their privacy practices, which may differ substantially from our practices. Any Identity Information or any other information you choose to provide to such third party websites and/or collected by these websites is not covered by or under this Policy and we make no assurances or promises to you regarding the manner in which these third party websites will use or disclose any information you provide or otherwise collected. You agree that we shall not be liable to you under any circumstances for any damages of any kind whatsoever that you may incur due to the privacy and/or communication practices of any third party website you access through this Website. You should review the privacy policy of any third party website before registering with or submitting your Identity information or any other information on such websites.
Social Media
We may now or in the future provide access to services or features on our Website that enables you to share information with certain social networks and interact with us on our Facebook fan page, Twitter page or other social media platform we may use, such as the Facebook Like button or Facebook widgets, the Share this button, etc. These features or widgets may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these social media websites. You should carefully review the privacy policies and settings on those specific social media sites. We shall under no circumstances have any liability to you for the information collection practices of these third party social media websites. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website.
How We Protect Your Information
We have reasonable and customary industry standard security measures in place protecting all Information you provide through this Website. We make no guarantee, warranty or representation that any other information you provide through this Website will remain secure at all times from any illegal or unauthorized access of the information by third parties. We shall not, under any circumstances, be held responsible or liable for information or transmissions that are accessed by third parties illegally or without authorization through this Website and/or network. We will report any unauthorized access of your information promptly upon discovery, and we will use our best efforts to remedy any security vulnerability that contributed to the unauthorized access.
General Information Information Storage & International Transfer
Any Identity information which we may collect on this site will be stored and processed in our servers located only in the United States. If you reside outside the United States, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of Identity Information or any other information from your country to the United States.
Changes to this Policy
If we decide at any time to change this Policy, we will revise the effective revision date posted at the top of this Policy. If we make significant changes to this Policy, We will also notify you by other means, such as sending an email to you and/or posting a notice somewhere prominently on our home page and/or notifying you the next time you access this Website. Your continued use of our Website after your receipt of any notice of any changes by us shall be deemed to be your assent to any such changes.
How to Update, Change or Remove Your Information
If you would like to request any changes or updates to any Identity Information you have provided to us, or if you would like to view any information we have collected from your use of this Website, please contact us and request the same by sending an email to: info@www.macryn.com. Please include the words “Personal Information Request.” If you make any information requests, we will require that you provide proof of your identity, which may include providing us with a copy of a driver’s license, social security card and/or birth certificate. We also reserve the right to require that you sign and provide us with a notarized affidavit verifying your identity before we update or release any information to you.
California Resident Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California law also allows California residents to opt-out of having this information disclosed. If You are a California resident and desire to make such a request, please contact info@www.macryn.com. Please include the words “California Privacy Disclosure Request” in the subject line.
Successors
Upon any acquisition, merger, sale or other change of control of our business/ organization, we reserve the right to transfer any Identity information you have submitted to this Website as part of the property owned by us to our successor resulting from such merger, acquisition, sale, etc. In the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, We reserve the right to transfer your Identity Information to protect any of the our rights or as required by law.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© 2017 Lecia Macryn // Voice Over Site by Voice Actor Websites
Home
Demos
Demos
Radio & TV Commercials
Elearning Narrations
Corporate Narration
Auto Attendant Recordings
IVR Voice Prompts
Voicemail Greetings
All Voice Demos
Services
Clients
Contact
MENU
HomeDemosDemos
Radio & TV Commercials Elearning Narrations Corporate Narration Auto Attendant Recordings IVR Voice Prompts Voicemail Greetings All Voice Demos
ServicesClientsContact