http://www.azproduction.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Resources
News & Events
Locations
Advertise
Contact
Log In
Become a Member
Search Directory
FILTER RESULTS BY
Features / Episodic
Commercials
Print / Stills
Theater
Sports
Corporate / Live
SUBMIT
Equipment & Supplies
Aerial Services & Photography
Aircraft - Helicopters
Camera Cars / Process Trailers
Camera Cranes / Dollies / Mounts
Camera Equipment
Expendables / Production Supplies
Generators
Grip Equipment
Lighting Equipment
Motorhomes
Production Equipment
Satellite / Production Trucks
Sound Equipment
Teleprompters
Tents / Tables / Chairs
Walkie Talkies
Post Production
Computer Graphics / Video Animation
Editing Facilities
Editors
Post Production Facility - Full Service
Post Production Supervisor
Production Companies
Animation / Visual Effects
Broadcast / Commercials / Corporate
Feature / Documentary
Live Events
Multi-Media / Interactive / Web
Still Photography
Production Personnel
Art Directors
Assistant Camera
Assistant Directors
Camera Operators
Camera Packages & Operators
Catering
Craft Services
Directors
Directors - Multi Camera
Directors of Photography
Drone Operators
Electricians
Gaffers
Grips
Grips - Key
Hair Stylists
Jib Operators
Location Managers
Location Scouts
Makeup Artists
Phantom Technicians
Photographers - Still
Producers - Freelance
Production Assistants
Production Coordinators
Production Designers
Production Managers / UPM
Production Stills
Property Masters
Script Supervisors
Script Writers
Seamstress / Tailor
Set Decoration Buyers
Set Decorators
Set Medics
Sound Mixers / Recordists
Stage Managers
Steadicam Operators
Still Photo Production Coordinators
Stylists - Fashion / Sets / Props
Teachers (Set Tutors)
Teleprompter Operators
Wardrobe Stylists
Props, Sets & Studios
Backdrops / Scenics
Location Sites
Props-Rentals & Sales
Set Construction Companies
Studios / Stages
Sound & Music
Composers / Arrangers
Editing / Mixing / Sweetening
Library Music / Sound FX
Voice-Over Facilities
Support Services
Aircraft - Charters & Rentals
Consultants
Insurance
Internet / Website Services
Legal Services
Location Libraries
Security Services / Body Guards
Training / Workshops
Talent
Acting / Modeling Agencies
Casting Directors
Extras Casting
Narrator / Voice Talent
Stunts
Unions/Guilds/Associations
Workshops / Classes
Students
Home
About
Resources
News & Events
Locations
Advertise
Contact
Login
Become a Member
Equipment & Supplies
Post Production
Production Companies
Production Personnel
Props, Sets & Studios
Sound & Music
Support Services
Talent
Students
|  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Arizona Production Association operates the Arizona Production Association website, which provides the online listings of production services in Arizona.This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Arizona Production Association website.If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at azproduction.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.Information Collection and UseFor a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer's hard drive.Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Service ProvidersWe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:To facilitate our Service;To provide the Service on our behalf;To perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.SecurityWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.Children's PrivacyOur Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Membership Levels:
Corporate
Premiere
Member
Supporting
Student
About
Resources
News & Events
Locations
Advertise
Contact
Log In
Become a Member
Upcoming Event:
Meet the Candidates Dec. 10!
It’s election time for APA, and ballots are in the mail! Inside the December issue of our printed newsletter, On the Arizona Set, members will find info and a ballot with the list of candidates running for APA’s Board of Directors. If you’d...
Read More >
Arizona Production Association
6615 N. Scottsdale Rd., Ste. 101
Scottsdale, AZ 85250
(480) 345-6464 Phone
(480) 941-2557 Fax
(866) 345-6469 Toll-Free
Copyright © 2017 Arizona Production Association. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use