http://www.kebcpa.com/legal-notices
Skip to main content
Secondary Navigation Careers Resources Client Access
Menu
Primary Navigation People About Offices
Services
Expand/collapse Services
Services Audit, Assurance & Accounting Tax Services Management Consulting Wealth Management
Industries
Expand/collapse Industries
Industries AgGroup Associations Charitable & Not-for-Profit Organizations Closely-held Business Construction Dealerships Death Care Employee Benefits Plans Estates & Trusts Financial Institutions Gaming Government Entities Healthcare Providers & Medical Practices Insurance Manufacturing & Distribution Religious Organizations Retail Workforce Development
Secondary Navigation Client Access Careers Resources
Social navigation
Facebook
LinkedIn
Legal NoticesEffective Date: January 1, 2014 and Revised August 1, 2020Welcome to the Web site for Kerber, Eck & Braeckel LLP and KEB Asset Management, LLC - also referred to hereinafter as the “Firm” and or the "Site." This Site provides you with general information about the financial and other products and services of the Firm. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. By accessing and using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions set forth below. We reserve the right to amend these terms of use from time to time by posting the amended terms on this Site.ACCESS TO THIS SITEThis Site is made available to all persons aged 18 or older who agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in these terms of use. You agree not to modify, reproduce, distribute, rent, lease, loan, sell, or create derivative works based upon the materials on this Site, or post any content from this Site to newsgroups, mail lists or electronic bulletin boards, without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of the Firm.PRIVACY POLICYAny personal information submitted by you on this Site is maintained in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please carefully review our policy under the link for Legal Notices.NO OFFER, INVESTMENT ADVICE, OR PERFORMANCE GUARANTEESNeither the information nor any opinion expressed on this Site constitutes an offer by the Firm to buy or sell any securities or financial instruments, or to provide any investment advice or service. The services, securities and financial instruments described on this Site may not be available to or suitable for you, and not all strategies are appropriate at all times. The value and income of any of the securities or financial instruments mentioned on this Site can fall as well as rise, and an investor may get back less than he or she invested. Foreign-currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that could have a positive or adverse affect on the value, price or income of such securities and financial instruments. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Independent advice should be sought in all cases.UNAVAILABILITY IN SOME JURISDICTIONSNone of the investment products or services mentioned on this Site are available, and prospectuses in respect of them will not be distributed, to persons resident in any state or territory where such distribution would be contrary to local law or regulation.LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITESThis Site may contain links to other Web sites, including links to the Web sites of companies that provide related information, products and services. These links are solely for the convenience of visitors to this Site, and the inclusion of such links does not necessarily imply an affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement. We make no representations whatsoever regarding such third party Web sites. You should review the privacy policies of other Web sites carefully before providing any information to such sites. We are not responsible for the content or availability of third party Web sites, and shall not be responsible or liable for any information, opinions, advice, products, or services available on or through such third party Web sites.CONTACTING USIf you have questions about these terms of use, the Privacy Policy for this Site, or any other questions concerning this Site, please contact us at Office Locations.
From Our Clients
They're always just a phone call away, and very helpful. It's a resource type of relationship.
KEB Client