http://www.ashindustries.com/privacy-policy-cookie-use
Privacy Policy & Cookie Use
Effective date: December 20, 2018
ASH Industries ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://ashindustries.com/ website (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://ashindustries.com/
COOKIES - HOW WE USE THEM
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow the Site to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using the Site so when you next visit the Site your preferences for using the Site are already set. Cookies are also used to personalize the content you view on the Site (such as your Update Feed). You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:For Microsoft Internet Explorer: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspxFor Google Chrome: http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=95647For Mozilla Firefox: http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookiesFor Apple Safari: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.html
ONLINE ADVERTISING WE USEWe use Google AdWords Remarketing & Facebook Ads to advertise trigger across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager.You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting http://optout.aboutads.info
ABOUT GOOGLE ADS
Why you're seeing an adWhen you see an ad from Google's network, you can see more details:
Google services, like Google Search, YouTube, or Gmail: Click Info Information and then Why This Ad. Non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads: Click AdChoices Why This Ad.Reasons you might see an adYour info:
Info in your Google Account, like your age range and gender
Your general location
Your activity:
Your current search query
Previous search activity
Your activity while you were signed in to Google
Your previous interactions with ads
Types of websites you visit
Types of mobile app activity on your device
Your activity on another device
Other info:
The time of day
Info you gave to an advertiser, like if you signed up for a newsletter with your email address
Google can personalize ads so they're more useful to you.
Personalized ads aren't shown or hidden from you based on sensitive categories, like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
Types of ads you might see
Ads on Google services: You might see ads with results on Google Search, or before you watch a video on YouTube.
Ads on non-Google websites and apps: Non-Google websites and apps (like a newspaper's website or a gaming app) partner with Google to show ads.
How Google works with advertisers
Ads are necessary for many websites to provide free services or information. Ads also help keep many Google services free.
As an ad network, Google connects:
People who own websites with ad spacePeople who want to promote a productPeople who think the product is interestingGoogle doesn't sell your personal info to anyone, and doesn't let anyone read your emails to show you ads.
Websites that host ads can only see info that you ask Google to share.Advertisers can only see how well their ads are performing.
FACEBOOK ADS & RETARGETING
Learn more about Facebook Ads & Manage your preferences: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
Websites you visit or apps you use can send Facebook data directly by using our business tools (such as a pixel) to help us show you ads based on products or services you've looked at, such as a shirt on a clothing retailer's website. Examples of this include:
Viewing one of their web pages
Downloading their mobile app
Adding a product to a shopping cart or making a purchase
We use location data to show you ads from advertisers trying to reach people in or near a specific place. We get this information from sources such as:
Where you connect to the internet
Where you use your phone
Your location from your Facebook and Instagram profile
COOKIES - HOW WE USE THEMA cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow the Site to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using the Site so when you next visit the Site your preferences for using the Site are already set. Cookies are also used to personalize the content you view on the Site (such as your Update Feed). You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:For Microsoft Internet Explorer: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspxFor Google Chrome: http://www.google.com/support/chrome/bin/answer.py?answer=95647For Mozilla Firefox: http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookiesFor Apple Safari 5: http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/5.0/en/9277.htmlONLINE ADVERTISING WE USEWe use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise trigger across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the TriggerApp website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences ManagerYou can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Solutions by Industry
Medical
Defense
Electronic
Entrepreneurial
Industrial
Solutions by Process
Thermoplastic Injection Molding
Metal Injection Molding
Rotational Molding
7 Axis CNC Swiss Lathe
Liquid Injection Molding
About ASH Industries
ASH® Industries offers a wide range of product manufacturing solutions.
Our engineering knowledge, patience, technical expertise, and desire to please clients has led to consistent innovation.
HomeAbout Us
About ASH® Industries The ASH Report About the NERD Join The Team Tool Maker Testimonials Blog Products SuperMold™ Move-A-Mold™ ROTO-XL Molding™ Solutions Medical Defense Electronic Entrepreneurial Industrial Manufacturing Groups 7 Axis CNC / Swiss Lathe Rotational Molding / RotoMolding Metal Injection Molding (MIM) Liquid Injection Molding (LIM) Thermoplastic Injection Molding Contact
337-235-0977