http://www.deltakits.com/privacy-policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy covers how Delta Kits, Inc. collects and uses your personal information as data controller for your personal data as defined by the GDPR. We take your privacy seriously and will take all measures to protect your personal information.
What Information Do We Collect?
Personally Identifiable Information: Delta Kits will not sell or redistribute your personally identifiable information to anyone, either domestically or internationally. This includes information volunteered through survey and/or site registration and information that is related to your order, including: Billing Address, Shipping Address, Email Address, Telephone Number, and Credit Card Information. Any information you choose to make public on our sites, such as product reviews or testimonials, is available to others on the site.
Non- Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as page visits, number of clicks, IP address, browser type, etc., with interested third parties to help understand usage patterns of our site.
How is My Information Used?
Your information is used by Delta Kits, Inc. to provide you with support, services, mailings, sales and marketing actions, filling your order, and billing. You may also receive telephone and/or email contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. We do not sell or redistribute your information to anyone.
If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt out at any time.
Security and Storage
Appropriate security measures have been taken to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected. We do not store your Credit Card data.
Additionally, we use data hosting service providers in the United States to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data. While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
How to Contact Us
We can be reached via email at security@deltakits.com, or you can contact us toll free 1-888-811-3451.
Outside U.S. & Canada please call 1-541-345-8554.
We respect your privacy rights, so please feel free to contact us at any time to:
Request access to your information
Correct or update any information
Delete any information
Please send us an email at security@deltakits.com with the details of your request.
Policy last updated: May 2018
HelpTechnical Support
Ask an Expert
Sitemap
Contact Us
ADDRESS
1090 Bailey Hill Rd, Ste A
Eugene, OR 97402
EMAIL
sales@deltakits.com
©
Delta Kits, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Shipping Policy | Web Design by OGO Sense
Your Cart
0