http://www.hwvp.com/privacy
We are proud to have supported the hard-working team at MuleSoft as their first investor all the way through IPO and acquisition by Salesforce for $6.5B. Thanks for a great ride. We look forward to your future success.
Read more
×
Privacy
Information Collection and Use
Hummer Winblad is the sole owner of the aggregated information collected on this website. We will not sell, share, or rent this aggregated information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We use cookies to track that a visitor has previously been to our website and understand the general parameters of traffic to our website. We do so to improve the information provided and for our own internal business processes.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations. We do not share any user information gathered on this website with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Minors’ Privacy
Hummer Winblad does not knowingly collect personal data from children using this website.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our website. For instance, by setting a cookie on our website, the user would not have to log in with a password, thereby saving time each time they visit our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our website and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information about individual users.
Sharing
We do not share information about individuals with anyone.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Hummer Winblad is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites that we link to. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Hummer Winblad website.
Security and Confidentiality
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation. If you have any questions about the security at our website, please contact us.
Please do not disclose any private or confidential information to us via email or this website. Hummer Winblad cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to us over the internet.
Notification of Changes
This policy is effective November 28, 2005. Any material changes to the policy will be published on this website. By your continued use of the website, you consent to the terms of the revised policy.