https://www.aeccmobility.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
General
This Privacy Policy covers the collection, use and disclosure of information collected through our website https://aeccmobility.com, our portal https://www.reloreporting.com and the American Escrow and Closing Company Service Platform (“Service”), owned and operated by American Escrow and Closing Company (“AECC”, “We”, “Us”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information, (PII) and how you can access and update this information. This Privacy policy is available on both https://aeccmobility.com and https://www.reloreporting.com by clicking on the Privacy Policy links. The use of information collected through our services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the Service for which we have been engaged by our clients and partners.
AECC complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. AECC has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, and Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
American Escrow & Closing Company is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC)
Information Collection and Use:
The information we collect is provided directly to us by our service partners, clients, and client’s employees and perspective employees. We collect only the information required to provide the Services that our clients and partners, have engaged.  We may also obtain personal information from individuals who choose to provide us with this type of information (name, address, email, and phone number(s) in order to be contacted regarding services we provide.
Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified.
Consent is required for AECC to process both types of personal data, but it must be explicitly given, to AECC or from our partner, client. Where we are asking you for sensitive personal data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used.  You may withdraw consent at any time by contacting privacy@aeccmobility.com
Information Sharing:
AECC will only share your personal information with third parties in the way outlined in the privacy policy and your consent.
Partners:  AECC will share collected information with third-party suppliers only to the extent necessary for them to provide Services. Our suppliers are contractually obligated to agree to keep your nonpublic information confidential and use it only for the intended purposes.
Legal Disclaimer:
We may also disclose your personal information:
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If AECC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
We may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
AECC’s accountability for personal data that it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, AECC remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless AECC proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
User Access and Rights:
If you’re personal information changes, you may correct, update, amend, remove, or ask to have it removed by either making the change on your user account settings page, contacting our Customer Support at privacy@aeccmobility.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. If you no longer desire our service, please contact us directly. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active and/or as needed to provide the Services we have been contracted to provide. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AECC acknowledges that EU and Swiss individuals have these rights:
Right to be informed
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to erasure
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
The right in relation to automated decision making and profiling
An EU or Swiss individual, who seeks to implement these above rights, should direct their query to DPO@aeccmobility.com. If requested to, we will respond within the GDPR timeframe of 30 days unless an exception occurs and we will notify you the data subject immediately for an extension.
Opt-In/out Preferences:
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page or you can contact us at privacy@aeccmobility.com.
We will provide an individual an explicit opt-in choice before we share their data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than, which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To limit and/or stop the use and disclosure of your personal data, you can contact our Customer Support at privacy@aeccmobility.com.
Security:
The security of personal information is very important to AECC.  AECC uses industry best practices, physical, procedural and technical, to protect the security of personal information shared with us. Our employees are trained to protect information using our information security and privacy policies and practices.  AECC restricts access to information to only authorized employees and uses access and transmission controls such as encryption, firewalls and authentication tools to further protect information. In addition, any third-party suppliers we utilize on your behalf are contractually obligated to notify us of any information breach concerning our clients and customers pursuant to applicable U.S. and international data breach laws.  Any questions regarding our site security at our sites can contact privacy@aeccmobility.com.
Tracking Your Usage:
Our online reporting portal uses “cookies” to track and record session information for your convenience.  Cookies are bits of information that are automatically stored on your computer. Most cookies expire after a period of time and you can delete cookie files at any time. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information. You can set your browser preferences to disable cookies, however if you do so, you will not be able to utilize the online reporting portal.  As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. These cookie settings can be changed anytime by going to our cookie declaration page on either americanescrow.com or reloreporting.com.
Cookie Declaration Page
Links to Third Party Websites:
AECC’s web site contains links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties. While we take great care to only provide links to reputable websites, our Privacy Policy does not apply to these sites and their privacy policies may be different from ours. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Additional Information:
In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, AECC commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact AECC at the contact information below.
AECC has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel, as outlined here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
“AECC commits to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and, for Swiss Data Subjects, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“FDPIC”) and also comply with the advice given by the DPAs/FDPIC with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU from a client, transferee, or partner.”
We regularly evaluate our information security and privacy policies and procedures, and update them as necessary. However, while we take precautions to protect personal information, we cannot promise or warrant the security of information sent over the Internet.  (“Personal information” means any information by which our service partner, their client, or a transferee) can be identified, including as name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.)
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
AECC at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If AECC does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the data protection officer, DPO@aeccmobility.com
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of AECC or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this?
AECC accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested (2 required):
Passport
Driver’s License
Birth Certificate
Utility Bill
Please contact our DPO, Nick Petrakis for this report at DPO@aeccmobility.com, or 847-709-6031
Policy Changes:
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contacting Us:
AECC (American Escrow and Closing Company)
1699 Wall Street, Suite 700
Mount Prospect, IL 60056
Phone: 847-364-2500
Fax: 847-364-2512
Email: privacy@aeccmobility.com
As our world continues the battle against COVID-19, the well-being of our staff remains our top priority.
With this in mind, a majority of our staff members are working remote. If you need assistance, please reach out as you normally would; both email and voice-mail are continuously being monitored. Our physical office also remains open during regular business hours to ensure we are able to service our clients.
Thank you for your business and for allowing AECC to assist with your global mobility needs.