https://www.sheogaflooring.com/resources/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policykeeping your information safeHomeResourcesPrivacy PolicySheoga Hardwood Flooring & Paneling Inc. is committed to ensuring your privacy as a customer, which is why we have created this privacy policy. Our intent is to protect the privacy of all users of our online services. You can be confident that your personal information is handled in a safe, professional, and confidential manner. Since 1982, Sheoga Hardwood Flooring and Paneling Inc. has been committed to providing our customers with products and services characterized by superior quality, customer service, and outstanding value. Our Privacy Policy continues our commitment to serve you and to protect your privacy online.When you are ready to request a sample for prefinished hardwood flooring or unfinished hardwood flooring or request literature or information about hardwood floors, we will ask you to provide us with your contact information, including name, address, phone number, and email. We will only use the information you provide to process your request and to contact you regarding your order of hardwood flooring and wood paneling, if necessary. We will, under no circumstances, share this information with a third party. Sheoga Hardwood Flooring & Paneling, Inc. will not sell or share your name, address, phone number, email address, or any other pertinent information with anyone outside our corporate structure. Quartered Rift White OakThe personal information you provide is stored within a database that we control. We use standard, industry-wide protection procedures such as firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption. In addition, all emails (both incoming and outgoing) are scanned for viruses to further protect you and your Internet experience. You may order from our site with confidence that your information is protected and secure.Finally, we are listed with Dun & Bradstreet, the renowned provider of business-to-business credit, marketing, purchasing, and decision-support services – and we maintain an excellent rating with them.