http://www.humintech.com/privacy-policy
ENDEES RU MD UA
Humintech GmbH Am Pösenberg 9-13D-41517 Grevenbroich Telefon: +49 2181 70 676 - 0 Fax: +49 2181 70 676 - 22 E-Mail senden
HomePrivacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Responsible authority according to data protection laws:
HUMINTECH GmbH Am Pösenberg 9–13 41517 Grevenbroich SSL encryption To safeguard security during data transmission we are using encryption methods (e.g. SSL) via HTTPS that are meeting the current state of the a Contact form When you get in touch with us via e-mail or contact form, the information given by you is saved for dealing with your inquiry and for eventual follow-up questions. Website Visitors Like most website operators, Humintech.com collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Matomo.org’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Matomo.org’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Matomo.org may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Humintech.com also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Humintech.com does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information. Embedded YouTube videos On some of our web pages we are embedding YouTube videos. Operator of the corresponding plugin is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. Whenever you are visiting a page containing the YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. In that process, YouTube is being told which site you are currently visiting. If you are logged into your YouTube account, YouTube can allocate your surfing habits. You may prevent this by previously logging out of your YouTube account. Whenever a YouTube video is started, the operator uses Cookies that collect hints on the user behavior. If You have disabled Cookies for the Google Ad program You will not have to expect such Cookies while watching YouTube videos. Still, YouTube is filing non-personal usage information in other Cookies. To prevent this, you must disable saving cookies in your browser. Further information regarding data protection at YouTube can be found in the provider’s Privacy Policy at  https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en Your right to information, correction, locking, deletion and objection You have the right to obtain information on your personal data stored with us at any time. Furthermore, you have the right to correction, locking or – except for the mandatory data storage for business processing – deletion of your personal data. Please get in touch with our data protection officer. Contact information is given at the bottom. To always take a blocking of data into account, this data has to be kept in a lock file. You may also demand deletion of this data, if there is no legal archiving obligation. If such an obligation exists, we may lock your data on demand. You may make changes or withdraw a consent with effect for the future through a corresponding note to us. Changes to our Privacy Policy We reserve the right to occasionally adjust this Privacy Policy to align it with actual legal requirements or to reflect changes of our services, e.g. when introducing new services. The new Privacy Policy applies for your recurring visit. Questions to the data protection officer If you have any questions regarding data protection, please send us an e-mail or get in touch with our data protection officer: info(at)humintech.com
HUMINTECH GmbH
Humintech is a biotech company based in Grevenbroich, Germany. We are primarily focused on the research, development and industrial production of humic matter and humic acids for the agricultural sector.  Our products find further use in the feed, pharmaceutical and construction industry, in veterinary medicine and for ecological purposes such as water purification and soil decontamination.
News
CDFA Approves use of HPTA Test Method SealPowhumus fake spotted in SyriaGrowtech, Stoller, HUMINTECH – joint training workshop in EgyptVisit from Ukraine: Agrotechnosouz at HUMINTECHAnalysis of Humic Substances According to ISO 19822FRUIT LOGISTICA VISIT OUR STAND IN HALL 1.2/ C-04Innovations for horticulture - HUMINTECH at the IPM 2020HUMINTECH AT THE IPM 2020 VISIT OUR STAND IN HALL 3 - 3E74HUMINTECH at the Viticulture Days in Wittlich, Germany123456789next
Contact
Humintech GmbH Am Pösenberg 9-13 41517 Grevenbroich / Deutschland  Phone: +49 2181 70 676 - 0 Fax: +49 2181 70 676 - 22 E-Mail
Legal
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS PRIVACY POLICY IMPRINT