https://www.boatstripes.com/legal/privacy/
Privacy
Your Privacy
At boatstripes.com.au, we are committed to protecting your privacy as an online visitor to our website.  We will only use information collected for the purposes for which it was supplied. We use the information we collect about you to maximize the services that we provide to you. boatstripes.com.au respects the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you and adheres to the national privacy principles established pursuant to the Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth). Please read our separate Privacy Policy below carefully.
You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email. All information boatstripes.com.au receives from its customers is protected by our secure server. boatstripes.com.au’s secure server software encrypts all customer information before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all customer data collected is secured against unauthorized use or access. Credit card information is not stored by us on our servers.
Storage and Security of Your Information
We receive and store information you enter on our website or give us in any other way from time to time. You may provide basic contact information such as your name, phone number, address, and email address to enable us to send information or process your product order and we may also collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, change your content or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with boatstripes.com.aucustomer support or queries.
We may use personal information collected from you for the purpose of providing you with direct marketing material and information in the form of a newsletter. This will only apply if you have registered or subscribed to such publications by your registering your details with us. However if you wish to cease receiving any such information you may let us know either by email or mail and your request will be actioned as soon as possible.
Individual profile and company details are not used for any other purpose. Details are only supplied to a third party supplier when it is required by law, for goods or services which you have purchased or to protect boatstripes.com.au copyright, trademarks and other legal rights.
We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We may collect information on or through this website that can personally identify you. For example, we collect personally identifiable information which you volunteer to us to respond to visitor questions and comments about us and our products and services, and to mail e-newsletters (“Personal Data”).
We will use reasonable means to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Data while in our possession or control. We will not knowingly share any of your Personal Data with any third party other than our service providers who assist us in providing the information and/or services we are providing to you. To the extent that we do share your personal information with a service provider, we would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with our privacy standards as described in this privacy policy.
Any non-personal information, communications and material you send to this website or to us by email, or which we obtain from third parties without promises of confidentiality, may be kept, used and disclosed by us on a non-confidential basis. We are free to use and reproduce any such information freely, and for any purpose whatsoever. Specifically, we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products.
We use Google and/or other third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this website. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number), and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services in order to provide more relevant advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may from time to time need to disclose certain information, which may include your Personal Data, to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request. Also, boatstripes.com.au may use your Personal Data to protect the rights, property or safety of boatstripes.com.au, its customers or third parties.
Finally, if there is a change of control in one of our businesses (whether by merger, sale, or otherwise), or a sale or transfer of its assets, customer information, which may include your Personal Data, could be disclosed to a potential purchaser under an agreement to maintain confidentiality, or could be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. And finally we would only disclose your information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.
Third Parties
boatstripes.com.au does not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We will never disclose your personal details to a third party except the necessary information required by providers of products or services you have purchased or to protect the rights, property or safety ofboatstripes.com.au, its customers or third parties or if required by law.
We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our website and services but not for any other use.
Security
boatstripes.com.au strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our website, and periodically updates its security measures in light of current technologies.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that boatstripes.com.au is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Email Communication
boatstripes.com.au may also provide you with information and updates regarding our website and changes to the law from time to time. boatstripes.com.au may also make you aware of their new and additional products and services from time to time. This service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Change in Privacy Policy
As we plan to ensure our privacy policy remains current, this policy is subject to change. We may modify this policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on this website. Please return periodically to review our privacy policy.
Featured Gallery
Green boat stripes on 30ft yacht
Custom racing stripes on 24ft sailboat
Design Tips
Design Tips to for Name and Registrations