https://www.kumi-solutions.com/data-protection-policy/
Data Protection PolicyHomeData Protection Policy
Data Protection Policy
Terms of Use
Trademarks
Kumi Solutions – Privacy Statement
Kumi Solutions is aware that the security of your private information while using our website is an important concern. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. Therefore, we would like you to know what data we maintain and what data we discard. With this privacy statement, we would like to inform you about our security measures.
Collection of Data
In general, you can visit Kumi Solutions on the web to access information while remaining anonymous and not revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers may collect the domain names, but not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. In addition, there are portions of this site where we may need to collect personal information from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information that you request. The information collected from you may include your name, address, phone number, fax number, and e-mail address.
Security of collected information
Kumi Solutions maintains strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. Kumi Solutions restricts access to information about you to those Kumi Solutions employees who need to know the information to respond to your inquiry or request.
Copyright and limitations on use
The information available through kumi-solutions.com is the property of Kumi Solutions and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
Purposes of Use
The data we collect will only be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested products or services or for other purposes for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law.
Cookies
In some websites, cookies are used in order for us to improve the efficiency of your individual use of the website. Cookies are identifiers that our web-server could send to your computer in order to identify the computer being used for the duration of the session. Most browsers are set-up to accept these cookies automatically. In addition, you can deactivate the storing of cookies or adjust your browser to inform you before the cookie is stored on your computer.
Links
Our websites contain links to other sites. Kumi Solutions is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each website to which we may link because they may collect personally identifiable information.
Contacting us
Please contact Kumi Solutions with any problems, questions or suggestions that you may have. The constant development of the Internet requires occasional adjustments to our privacy statement. We retain the right to make changes when necessary.