https://www.dorelsports.com/cookie-policy/
EnglishDutchFrenchGermanItalianPortugueseSpanishJapanese
Last updated: May, 2018
This website is operated by a company (referred to herein as “we” or “us”) within the Dorel Sports group of companies. This Cookie Notice explains how we use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you visit this web site (the “Site”). It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are widely used by website owners in order to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by us, as the website owner, are called “first party cookies”. Cookies set by parties other than by us are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics). The parties that set these third party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons in order for our Site to operate, and we refer to these as “essential” or “strictly necessary” cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Site. Third parties serve cookies through our Site for advertising, analytics and other purposes. This is described in more detail below.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Site and the purposes they perform are described in the table below. The specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific page you visit.
Types of cookie
Examples of parties who serve these cookies
How to refuse
Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Site and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
The domain server of this web site
Shopify
Zendesk
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site to you, you cannot refuse them.
You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”.
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Site but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos, contact forms and sweepstakes and coupons) may become unavailable.
YouTube
Vimeo
Wufoo
Woobox
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
· YouTube
Analytics and customization cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Site is being used or how effective are marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our Site for you.
Google Analytics
Crazy Egg
Mailchimp
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
· Crazy Egg
· Google Analytics
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to show you adverts about products of ours that you may be interested in when you visit other websites, such as Facebook.
Facebook
Google
Amazon
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Site through third party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Zazzle
Pinterest
Tumblr
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?”
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
· YouTube
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognize or track visitors to a website. We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize when someone has visited our Site or opened an e-mail that we have sent them. This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Site to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns. In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functionality.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies. You can exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in the cookie table above.
You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our Site though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted. As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising. If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
How often will you update this Cookie Notice?
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
The date at the top of this Cookie Notice indicates when it was last updated.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please contact us:
Office of the General Counsel, Attn: Privacy Compliance Counsel
1 Cannondale Way
Wilton, Connecticut 06897, United States of America
Telephone: (+1) 203.845.8300
or toll free at (+1) 833-482-3734
Email: dataprivacy@dorelsports.com