https://www.nafem.org/cookie-policy/
More in Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie policy of www.nafem.org
Cookies
consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the
owner in providing the service according to the purposes described. Some
of the purposes for which cookies are installed may also require the
User’s consent.
Where the installation of Cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time (see below).
Technical Cookies and Cookies serving aggregated statistical purposes
Activity strictly necessary for the functioning of the service:
This Application uses Cookies to save the User’s session and to carry
out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of
this Application, for example in relation to the distribution of
traffic.Activity regarding the saving of preferences, optimizations, and statistics:
This Application uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to
optimize the User’s browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for
example, those used for the setting of language and currency preferences
for the management of first-party statistics employed directly by the
owner of the site.
Other types of Cookies or third parties that install Cookies
Some
of the services listed below collect statistics in an anonymized and
aggregated form and may not require the consent of the User or may be
managed directly by the Owner – depending on how they are described –
without the help of third parties.
If any third party operated
services are listed among the tools below, these may be used to track
Users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein
and without the Owner’s knowledge. Please refer to the privacy policy
of the listed services for detailed information.
Google Analytics:
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the
use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share
them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to
contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage DataPlace of processing: US Privacy Policy (link: https://policies.google.com/privacy) Opt-out (link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This
type of service allows this Application and its partners to inform,
optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by
the User. This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using
Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage
the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In addition to
any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out
of a third-party service’s use of cookies by visiting the Network
Advertising Initiative opt-out page. (http://optout.networkadvertising.org)AdWords Remarketing (Google Inc.): AdWords
Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided
by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the
Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy (https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)Opt Out (https://adssettings.google.com)
Facebook Remarketing (Facebook, Inc.): Facebook
Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided
by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with
the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: USPrivacy Policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/)Opt Out (http://optout.aboutads.info)
Twitter Remarketing (Twitter, Inc.):
Twitter Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service
provided by Twitter, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application
with the Twitter advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: USPrivacy Policy (https://twitter.com/en/privacy)Opt Out (https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads)
Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google Inc.): Google
Analytics for Display Advertising is a remarketing and behavioral
targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the tracking
activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Adwords
advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.Place of processing: USPrivacy Policy (https://twitter.com/en/privacy)Opt Out (https://adssettings.google.com)
How to provide or withdraw consent to the installation of Cookies
In
addition to what is specified in this document, the User can manage
preferences for Cookies directly from within their own browser and
prevent – for example – third parties from installing Cookies.Through
browser preferences, it is also possible to delete Cookies installed in
the past, including the Cookies that may have saved the initial consent
for the installation of Cookies by this website.Users can, for
example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most
commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
With
regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage their
preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related
opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third
party’s privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding
the above, the Owner informs that Users may follow the instructions
provided on the subsequently linked initiatives by the EDAA (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI
(Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to
select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The
Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in
addition to the information provided in this document.
Owner and Data ControllerDeidre FlynnExecutive Vice President & Data Protection OfficerNorth American Association of Food Equipment Manufacturers161 N. Clark St., Ste. 2020Chicago, IL 60601Phone:
Owner contact email: nafemdpo@nafem.org
Since
the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems
through the services used within this Application cannot be technically
controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking
systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In
order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to
consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services
listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity
surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users
are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any
further information on the use of Cookies by this Application.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data): Any
information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other
information — including a personal identification number — allows for
the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data: Information
collected automatically through this Application (or third-party
services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP
addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use
this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the
time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the
server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code
indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error,
etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the
operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per
visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the
details about the path followed within the Application with special
reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about
the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User: The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject: The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)The
natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which
processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in
this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner): The
natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which,
alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the
processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning
the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless
otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application: The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service: The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU): Unless
otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the
European Union include all current member states to the European Union
and the European Economic Area.
Cookies: Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information: This
privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple
legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU)(General Data
Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.