http://www.metalheadz.co.uk/privacy
Shop
Sections
Home
Merchandise
Downloads
Vinyl
CD
Privacy Policy
Updated 14th May 2018
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from this store (the “Site”)
Introduction
We are 'Straight Six Ltd' and we operate under the trading name of 'Databeats', providing brands, record labels and artists with technological solutions to power their online stores and websites. Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you better understand how we collect, use and store your Data – defined as information that can be associated with or which relates to a person and/or could be used to identify a person.
Databeats collects and processes information for three different types of partners:
1. Clients - ie. the brand, label or artist whos site or store you are currently on. On behalf of clients we act as 'Data Processors'
2. Customers - individuals who purchase from these sites and stores. On behalf of customers we act as 'Data Controllers'.
3. Service Providers - third party companies who provide services on our behalf. On behalf of Service Providers we act as 'Data Processors'.
Please find a brief definition of both controllers and processors below:
Data Controller - a person or company who determines the purposes for which, and the manner in which, any personal data is processed.
Data Processor - in relation to personal data, means any person or company who processes the data on behalf of the data controller.
For full ICO guidance on 'Data Processors' and 'Data Controllers' please read here
Personal information we collect
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
'Cookies' are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
'Log files' track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
'Web beacons', 'tags', and 'pixels'; are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and occassionally your phone number. We refer to this information as 'Order Information'.
We do not directly collect or store any of your card payment details, this is all handled by our partners SagePay and PayPal, depending on which payment method you choose. You can read their Privacy Policies on the links below:
SagePay
https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
PayPal
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and / or Order Information.
How do we use your personal information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Your Data may be collected though sign-up forms on the site and through your purchases with us. We may use your Data to send you information regarding our organsiation, and related activities. We may also share your Data with trusted third parties and digital marketing tools in order to target banners and ads to you when you visit other websites. In such cases, we will do our best to protect your Data and prevent it being retained by third parties.
Sharing your personal information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information as described above. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site - you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Many Clients also use advertising services or third party embedded content with this site or store. Links to some of the privacy policies of the most common services have been included below:
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Flickr
https://policies.yahoo.com/privacy/flickr/
Instagram
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Mixcloud
https://www.mixcloud.com/terms/
SoundCloud
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy
Spotify (US)
https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/
Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Vimeo
https://vimeo.com/privacy
YouTube (Google)
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Behavioural advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing
https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info.
Do not track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your rights
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally please note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Data rentention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. To request your Order Information (Name, Address, Email etc..) be deleted from our systems please contact us by email at support@databeats.com. Should your Order Information be deleted from our systems you will no longer be able to access your account, and we would be unable to offer any customer support relating to any past orders.
Children's online privacy
We do not knowingly collect any Order Information from children under the age of sixteen (16). If you are under the age of sixteen (16), please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's online activity and to help enforce our Privacy Policy.
Third party links
Our Site, our newsletters and other communications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
We reccomend that you review this policy from time to time, and especially before you provide us with any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services following any updates to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Contact us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at support@databeats.com.
FAQ  |
T&C  |
Privacy
powered by databeats
×
Log in
Please enter your email and password.
Your email address
Password
Your login attempt was unsuccessful.
Please check your email address and password and try again or reset your password.
Log in
or
Create account
Reset password
Create a new account
To create a new account, simply fill out the fields below.
If you are already registered for other Databeats stores, you can use the same login to access this store.
First name
Surname
Your email address
Password
Contact preferences
I would like to receive marketing and special offer emails from Metalheadz
By continuing, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
Already have an account?
Password reset
To reset your password, please enter your registered email address.
Your email address
Back to log in
Marketing consent
We have updated the terms for your databeats login on MetalheadzPlease choose below if you would like to receive marketing related electronic communications from Metalheadz, including news, events, updates, and promotional emails. You may withdraw your consent and unsubscribe from such emails at any time.
Yes please! keep me updated.
No thanks, don't send me any special offers or updates
×
Notify me when available
Email
I would like to receive updates from Metalheadz
Close
Notify me
×
Newsletter sign up
Name
Email
Close
Sign up