http://www.donatos.com/termsandconditions
To optimize your browsing experience please share your location or click the link below
Find My Location
Skip to Content
Skip to Sitemap
No Store Selected
Please select a store
Main Content
Terms & Conditions
Franchising
Copyright
Rewards Terms & Conditions
Mobile Terms & Conditions
Social Media Content and Sweepstakes
Website Terms of Use
Last modified: August 30, 2019
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of Donatos Pizzeria, LLC ("Donatos", "we" or "us"). The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these "Terms of Use"), govern your access to and use of www.donatos.com, www.donatospizzafranchise.com, and such other websites that we operate which include a link to these Terms of Use, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through www.donatos.com, www.donatospizzafranchise.com, and such other websites that we operate which include a link to these Terms of Use (collectively, the "Website"), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at www.donatos.com/privacy-policy, incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
This Website is offered and available to users who are 13 years of age or older, and reside in the United States or any of its territories or possessions. By using this Website, you represent and warrant that you meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Website thereafter.
Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page each time you access this Website so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for:
Making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.
Ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our registration, log-in, or security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by Donatos, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from this site.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out in this section, please contact us through our online customer service portal.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by Donatos. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Trademarks
The Donatos name, the Donatos logo and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of Donatos or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of Donatos. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use, or re-use any content or material that does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any "junk mail", "chain letter" or "spam" or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Donatos, a Donatos employee, another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm Donatos or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by third-party licensors. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by Donatos, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Donatos. We are not responsible or liable to you or any third party for the content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Online Purchases and Other Terms and Conditions
All purchases through our site or other transactions for the sale of goods, or services formed through the Website or as a result of visits made by you are governed by our Terms of Sale, which are hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.
Additional terms and conditions may also apply to specific portions, services or features of the Website. All such additional terms and conditions are hereby incorporated by this reference into these Terms of Use.
To the extent your use of our Website involves the use of Google Maps or Google Earth, you acknowledge and agree that such use is subject to and you are bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy). By way of example, if you select our "Locations" option, "Directions" option or otherwise access or view map data through our Website, your use of our Website may involve the use of Google Maps or Google Earth.
User Contributions
The Website and mobile app may contain message boards, personal web pages or profiles, and other interactive features (collectively, “Interactive Services”) that allow users to make Submissions (as defined below).  All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any information, profiles, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, music, sounds, or other content or materials (“User Contributions”) that you submit, upload, display, post or otherwise provide or make available to Donatos or its vendors or other users, on or through the Website, mobile app or otherwise (“Submissions”), including User Contributions that are on third party companies’ websites, e.g., Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest, YouTube, Vimeo, that are associated with hashtags related to Donatos.  You agree to allow Donatos or others to use all User Contributions. Such User Contributions may be used in Donatos restaurant locations and on the Website, mobile app, and/or on other Donatos products and/or marketing materials, including, without limitation, emails, social media, push notifications, packaging and other printed materials. You may only make a Submission if you are 18 years of age or over. If your Submission is selected to be used, the Submissions User Contributions may be displayed for other users to see, together with your name and associated Instagram, Twitter, or Facebook (if applicable) profile information (such as your handle and/or profile picture). We are under no obligation to display, feature or use any Submission or User Contribution, but may do so at its sole discretion. We may terminate any account through which obscene or offensive images, videos, or sound files are submitted. Any Submission and all User Contributions will be treated as non-confidential. Any Submission and all User Contributions also will be treated as non-proprietary, except as specifically set forth herein. By making a Submission, you hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, sell, assign, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any User Contribution therein, as well as your name, Instagram or Twitter handle, Facebook ID, profile picture, image, likeness, comments, posts, statements or other information, for any purposes, in any manner, and in any and all distribution channels, venues, forms, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, alone or as part of other materials or works, without any compensation or further notice to you. You also acknowledge that your Submission and related User Contributions may not be returned and we may use your Submission, and any User Contributions, ideas, concepts or know how contained therein, for any purpose including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing, distributing, advertising and marketing products and services. Subject to the licenses granted in these Rules, you retain ownership of any copyrights and rights of publicity you may have in your Submissions and User Contributions.  If you make a Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control any rights to the User Contributions therein and any and all elements thereof; that you have the rights from any and all third parties appearing in such User Contributions to grant the license(s) contained in these Rules for such third parties’ names, images or likenesses and any other third party-owned elements as necessary in and as part of such User Contributions; and that your User Contributions will not infringe or violate the rights of any third parties, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity, patents, or trade secrets. You further represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and your Submissions and the User Contributions therein comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and any third party agreements to which you are subject, including, without limitation, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Google Terms of Use. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you provide, submit or contribute, and you, not Donatos, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness.  We are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of the Website or mobile app. You further represent and warrant that your Submissions and User Contributions do not constitute or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead Donatos as to the origin of any Submission or User Contributions. You agree to indemnify Donatos, our vendors, including Cheetah Digital, and third parties such as Instagram, LLC, Twitter Inc., Facebook, Inc., Pinterest, Inc. and any of our or their respective parents, affiliates, licensees, licensors, and each of our or their respective officers, directors, employees, successors, agents and assigns, for all claims arising from or in connection with (a) the use of any Submission, including, without limitation, all claims arising out of or based upon copyright or trademark infringement, misappropriation, invasion of privacy, defamation, right of publicity and/or any blurring, alteration, editing, morphing, distortion, illusionary effect, faulty reproduction, fictionalization or use in any composite form of your or any other person's or entity's name, Instagram or Twitter handle, Facebook ID, profile picture, image, likeness, comments, posts, statements or other information and/or the User Contribution therein; or (b) any breach or alleged breach by you of any of these Rules or applicable laws. THE FOREGOING INDEMNIFICATION PROVISION SHALL NOT APPLY TO DONATOS' OWN NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL CONDUCT.  When you make a Submission, you acknowledge and agree that the Submission and User Contributions therein may be made available to the general public, and may be used by us without restriction. You further irrevocably waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding any Submission, or the User Contributions therein, that you may have under any applicable law or under any legal theory.  We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to edit any Submission, or User Contribution therein, and to choose to include or not include such Submission or related User Contributions on the Website, mobile app, or other medium, or otherwise use the Submission and User Contributions therein. The Website, mobile app, or other medium we may use from time to time may include the opinions, statements and other content of third parties. We are not responsible for screening, monitoring or verifying such content, including such content's accuracy, reliability or compliance with copyright or other laws. Any opinions, statements, or other materials made available by third parties through the Website or mobile app are those of such third parties and not of Donatos, including its licensors and/or vendors, and we do not endorse any such opinions, statements, or materials.  You acknowledge and agree that we have no control over, and shall have no liability for any damages resulting from, the use (including, without limitation, re-publication) or misuse by any third party of any Submission or User Contribution.
Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination
We have the right to:
-       Remove or refuse to post or display any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
-       Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion, including if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, including the Content Standards, infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Website, users of the mobile app, or the public, or could create liability for Donatos.
-       Disclose your identity or other information about you to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
-       Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Website or the mobile app.
-       Terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Website or mobile app for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use or any other agreement between you and us.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone making any Submissions or posting any materials on or through the Website or mobile app. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS DONATOS AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES, AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING, OR TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF, INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
However, we cannot review Submissions, User Contributions or other content or material before it is posted on the Website or mobile app, and cannot ensure prompt removal of such objectionable content or material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any Submission, User Contribution, or action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or other content provided by any user or third party. W have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
Content Standards
These content standards apply to any and all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
-       Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory, or otherwise objectionable.
-       Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age.
-       Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person.
-       Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
-       Be likely to deceive any person.
-       Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote, or assist any unlawful act.
-       Cause annoyance, inconvenience, or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm, or annoy any other person
-       Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
-       Involve commercial activities or sales, such as contests, sweepstakes, and other sales promotions, barter, or advertising.
-       Give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us or any other person or entity, if this is not the case.
Copyright Infringement
If you believe that any User Contributions violate your rights in or to any copyrightable work, please see our Copyright Policy for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. It is the policy of Donatos to terminate the user accounts of repeat infringers.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.
Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the state of Ohio in the United States. We provide this Website for use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States.
Access to or use of the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. You may not access or otherwise use the Website from outside the United States. You are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws. Donatos makes no representations, warranties, or claims regarding its compliance with EU or other foreign country privacy or data security laws. Donatos does not desire to process personal data of data subjects outside of the United States, and does not otherwise intend to offer goods or services to or monitor the behavior of data subjects outside of the United States. You represent and warrant that neither you nor your representatives will provide or otherwise make available to Donatos personal data of an identified or identifiable person outside of the United States. For the purpose of these Terms of Use, an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. For the purpose of these Terms of Use, personal data shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER DONATOS NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH DONATOS MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER DONATOS NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH DONATOS REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
DONATOS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL DONATOS, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Donatos, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Website's content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Ohio without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Ohio or any other jurisdiction). Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Ohio in each case located in the City of Columbus and County of Franklin, although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Limitation on Time to File Claims
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver of by Donatos of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Donatos to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Sale constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Donatos with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Your Comments and Concerns
This website is operated by Donatos. To provide feedback, comments, requests for technical support, notices of copyright infringement claims and other communications relating to the Website you may contact us at:
Donatos Pizza
935 Taylor Station Road
Columbus, Ohio 43230
or, online at: www.donatos.com/customer-service
or via our toll-free number: 1-800-DONATOS (1-800-366-2867).
Thank you for visiting our Website.
Your Cookies Appear To Be Disabled
You must have cookies enabled to use the Donatos website. Please select your browser below for helpful next steps:
Chrome
Safari
Safari Mobile
Firefox
Internet Explorer