http://www.edcorusa.com/privacyinfo
Register
Log in
Wishlist
(0)
Shopping Cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Personal menu
Menu
Search
Filters
Close
Pro Sound
Combiners & Splitters
Combiners
Splitters
Audio Matchers
BuzzBucker
PCB Mounted/Boxed
Microphone
Line Level
Distribution
Specialty
Stereo to Mono Couplers
Couplers
Boxed
Board Mounted
Audio Distribution
Speaker Distribution
Amplifier Output
Bidirectional
Distribution Matching
Communication/Signal
COM Series
Power
Low Voltage
Tinker Box
Class X
Ribbon Microphone
Ribbon Microphone
Matching
Line Matchers
Specialty
Push-Pull Output
XPP Series
GXPP Series
CXPP Series
Single Ended Output
XSE Series
GXSE Series
CXSE Series
Chokes
Open Frame
PC Mount
CXC Series
Power
Low Voltage
Tube Power
Tinker Box
Amps/Kits
Bruce Heran
Preamps
PP Amps
Dynaco
Tube Amplifier
Fender
Bronco
Champ
Princeton
Pete Millett
SE Amps
PP Amps
Custom
EDCOR designs and builds custom transformers for large and small production runs. Large and Small OEMs, Military, Goverment, Educational, R&D...
Support
Support Forum
FAQ
Knowledgebase
OEM Documents
Contact Us
About Us
Who is EDCOR?
A closer look at EDCOR
Where is EDCOR?
Made In the USA
Menu
Pro Sound
back
Combiners & Splitters
Audio Matchers
Stereo to Mono Couplers
Audio Distribution
Communication/Signal
Power
Class X
back
Ribbon Microphone
Matching
Push-Pull Output
Single Ended Output
Chokes
Power
Amps/Kits
back
Bruce Heran
Dynaco
Fender
Pete Millett
Custom
Support
About Us
Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy is very important to us.
This Privacy Policy covers the website www.edcorusa.com and is effective as of January 1, 2011.
Our Privacy Commitment To YouThis Privacy Policy is designed to maintain your trust and confidence, help you understand how we collect, use and protect personally-identifiable information you decide to share, and help you make informed decisions about how you may access, correct, or delete this information. By using or accessing edcorusa.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Information Do We Collect?In the course of using this web site, you may choose to provide us with information to help us serve your needs. For example, you may send us electronic mail (through a mailer or a web form) to request information. Any personally identifiable information you send us will be used only for the purpose indicated. Requests for information will be directed to the appropriate staff to respond to the request, and may be recorded to help us update our site to better respond to similar requests. We will never sell, exchange or otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information, except to the extent required by law. We do not retain the information longer than necessary for normal operations. Each web page requesting information discloses the purpose of that information. If you do not wish to have the information used in that manner, you are not required to provide it. Please contact the person listed on the specific page, or listed below, with questions or concerns on the use of personally identifiable information.
Children Under Age 13EDCOR Electronics Corporation does not knowingly collect or solicit personal identifiable information from anyone under 13. Please do not attempt to send any information about yourself to us.
Information That Is Automatically CollectedWe use a third party advertising consultant to increase this website’s visibility, and we may collect non-identifying information about your visits for the purpose of improving this website. For example, we may keep track of how you were directed to this website, how you navigate through the website, which products you browse and which files you download. To accomplish this tracking, we use automatic technology such as cookies and search engine analytics.
Personally-identifiable information is not collected by our website. Our website uses cookies to help customize our website. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. We use session ID cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our website. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you do not wish to permit the placement of cookies on your computer, most web browsers have a feature which will allow you to block cookies. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some areas of our website, such as online ordering, blogs, forums, contests or surveys, may be limited.
We may also collect certain non-identifying information about visitors to this website, including but not limited to the identity of their internet browsers, types of operating systems, and locations and the domain names of their internet service providers.
How Do We Use The Information We Collect?Online: We do not collect any personally-identifiable information. Our customer service department may use information collected from you placing an order to communicate with you concerning your order. Your credit card information will not be stored on any internet server. We verify credit card purchases through a third-party credit card processor.
Other Business PurposesWe may also use aggregate non-identifying information and automatic information concerning our customer website navigation, access, and browsing and purchase activities to improve this website, and for internal marketing, advertising, and other business research purposes.
Will We Disclose Information Collected To Outside Parties?Third Parties: EDCOR Electronics Corporation DOES NOT sell, trade, or rent your personally-identifiable information to third parties such as marketers or other electric commerce providers, or any other third party, for their promotional purposes.
Contractors: We may engage other companies, consultants, and individuals to perform business functions on our behalf, including delivering packages, sending packages and mailers, maintaining customers lists, conducting data analysis for website optimization and marketing, and processing payments (including credit card processing). The personal information we provide is only used to perform those specific duties and functions.
Ad Agencies/Consultants: We may share non-identifiable information in aggregate form. For example, we may inform an ad agency or a consultant that a certain number of individuals visited a specific section of the website and/or that certain individuals were from a particular zip code. This information is used to improve the website, and we will not disclose any information that could be used to specifically identify any individual.
Law Enforcement: We may be required to disclose user information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders. Additionally, we may share personally-identifiable information when we believe it necessary to comply with the law, to enforce the Terms and Conditions of this website, or to protect our interests or rights, property, and safety of EDCOR Electronics Corporation's employees and customers.
Linked Websites: Our website may contains links which direct users to websites operated by third parties. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites. If you choose to click on one of these links, you will be directed to the website operated by a third party. Any information that you submit at these websites are submitted directly by you to these third parties and will be governed by that third party’s privacy practices and procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of these third parties.
Remove Information We Collect?You can at any time remove personal information, including your name, billing or shipping addresses, e-mail address, telephone numbers and payment method, by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within 10 business days.
How Do We Protect And Secure Customer Information And Credit Card Information?We are dedicated to protecting our customer's personal information we collect. To prevent unauthorized access to maintain and ensure the correct use of information, we have established physical, electronic, and managerial security protocol and procedures. Our servers are located in a secured area. The server protects access by unauthorized means by use of firewalls.
Credit card information is located on a secure server behind a firewall. When we enter sensitive information such as a credit card number we encrypt that information.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the email address submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your email address, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If we make material changes to the way we use your email address or change our email practices, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose such information.
Secure transmission is not used for our product pages, general website information. Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, or destruction of data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Please be aware that no method of transmission or electronic storage provides certainty of security. We therefore cannot guarantee absolute security of the personal information and email addresses we collect.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us.
What Should I Know About Disclosing Personally-Identifiable Information On Other Websites?Whenever you voluntarily disclose personally-identifiable information online, such as through e-mails, message boards or in chat rooms, that information can be collected and used by others. Additionally, the privacy policies of other websites will vary in how well your personal information is protected. Certain websites may not implement a privacy policy. If you provide personally-identifiable information online that is accessible by the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. It is ultimately your responsibility to maintain and protect your personally-identifiable information. Before you submit any personally-identifiable information, read the posted privacy policy of every website, whether you are linking from our website or browsing websites on your own.
You Consent To Terms and Conditions of This Privacy Policy, Including Any Future RevisionsYour use of edcorusa.com and any dispute arising from it is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms and Conditions and all of its dispute resolution provisions, including mandatory arbitration, limitations on damages and choice of law described in the Terms and Conditions. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this website. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Contacting This Web SiteIf you have any questions or concerns please contact us. You may also call our customer service department at 575-887-6790 in New Mexico and outside the US, all other areas at 1-800-854-0259 or by mail at 7130 National parks Highway, Carlsbad, NM 88220.
Categories
Pro Sound
Class X
Amps/Kits
Popular tags
120V
240V
4 Ohms
50Hz.
5V
6.3V
60Hz.
8 Ohms
amplifier
center tapped
Class X
end bell
power
push-pull
valve
View all
Contacts
1 (575) 887-6790
+001 (575) 887-6790
+555 (Fax) 4523768
1 (575) 302-8849
sales@edcorusa.com
edcorusa
Information
Terms of Use
Terms of Purchase
Privacy Policy
Ordering & Pricing
Shipping & Returns
International Shipping
New products
XC50-4H-50mA (125C3A/022707)
CXSE5-8-5K (125A35A/022905/125A3A)
CXSE5-4-5K (125A35A/022905/125A3A)
CXSE5-16-5K (125A35A/022905/125A3A)
Princeton 5E2 & 5F2 (1955-1956)
Princeton 5C2, 5D2, 5F2-A (1954-1955 & 1957-1960)
Announcements
The Ultimate Match Master -
Thursday, July 18, 2013
A new multi-matching transformer for your matching needs.
details
The Design -
Monday, August 27, 2012
Transformers are the least understood of all components.
We thought we would give you some insight into the design.
details
[View Announcements Archive]
Copyright © 1997 - 2020 EDCOR Electronics Corporation.