https://www.statefarm.com/insurance/health/change-a-health-policy
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you for business, marketing, and commercial purposes.
Read more
X
We value your privacy. We may collect personal information from you such as identifying information (name, address, driver's license number), transactional information (products or services purchased and payment history), digital network activity (interactions with our website, IP address), geo-location data, audio recordings and other forms of personal information. We use this information for business, marketing and commercial purposes, including but not limited to, providing the products and services you request, processing your claims, protecting against fraud, maintaining security, confirming your identity and offering you other insurance and financial products.
For California residents, click here to view the full version of the California Consumer Privacy Notice.
Para español, haga clic aquí para ver la versión completa del Aviso de Privacidad del Consumidor de California.
Read less
X
Espa&ntilde;ol
No disponible en español
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Localiza a un agente
Cancelar
Aviso
Lo sentimos! Esta página aún no está disponible en español.
Continuar
Cancelar
Start Of Main Content
InsuranceHealthChange a Health Policy
How Can I Change My Health Insurance Policy?
If you are contemplating any change to your State Farm® health insurance policy, please contact your State Farm agent who will be happy to assist you. Or you may initiate a change by completing, printing, signing, and mailing or faxing a Request Letter.
Contact Your Agent
to Change Policy
ZIP Code
For a quote call, 844-242-1899 844-242-1899
Submitting a Change Request Letter
The Request Letter requires Adobe Acrobat Reader and Microsoft Edge web browser to access.
Print Request Letter [PDF-1.4MB].
Fill out and sign the request letter.
Bring the letter to your State Farm agent's office, or mail or fax it to the Health Operation Center listed below.
State Farm Insurance Companies
Greeley Health Operations Center
P.O. Box 339404
Greeley, CO 80633-339404
Fax: 970-395-4199
When filing a Request Letter, do not submit your actual health policy.
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company
Bloomington, IL
IH-143.6
State Farm®
You are leaving our website. We are directing you to another site that is not owned or controlled by State Farm® and we are not responsible for its content. Please consult its terms of use and privacy policy. Would you like to continue?
Continue
Cancel