http://www.kc.frb.org/aboutus/privacy-policy
Banking
Banker Resources
Community Banking
Regulations
Membership
Financial Services
Events
Research & Data
National Economy
Regional Economy
Banking & Payments Research
Community Research
Indicators and Data
Research Staff
Speeches
Community Development
Community Development Investments
Community Research
Digital Divide
Small Business Development
Strategic Partner Engagement
Workforce Development
Events
Contacts
Newsroom
News Releases
Media Resources
Speeches
Events
Contacts
Publications
Research
Banking
Community Development
About the Fed
Speeches
TEN magazine
Education
For Bankers
For Educators
For Consumers
Money Museum
About Us
Accountability and Governance
Leadership
History
Federal Reserve System
Kansas City Fed Information
Careers
Contacts
FAQs
Home > About The Kansas City Fed > Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Personal Information
The Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City (“Bank”) respects your privacy.  You may access and browse our website without disclosing your personal data.  The personal information that you choose to provide to us is voluntary.  You may choose to provide us with personal information if, for example, you subscribe to our publications or mailing lists, send us questions via e-mail, respond to user surveys, register for an event, apply for a job, or participate in our online activities.
Disclosure of Information
Generally, any personal information collected via this website is for Federal Reserve use only.  We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except when we have your permission or under the following circumstances:When we retain the services of other Federal Reserve Banks, outside agents or third parties under contract with the Bank.  Such personal information is only provided to, and is only used by, those parties in conjunction with the services they provide to the Bank.When we are required to disclose personal information about you to government officials or otherwise as required by subpoenas, court orders, legal process, or other legal obligations and to establish or exercise our rights or defend against claims.When we investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities or suspected fraud.Additionally, in some cases, your personal information may be stored on a third party server.  For example, information provided through the Career Opportunities portion of the site is maintained by Taleo.  This Privacy Statement does not apply to the portion of this site operated by Taleo or any other third party.  The Bank also utilizes a separate Privacy Statement for its Money Museum online store.  See the privacy policy linked on that page for further information.
Information Security
If you provide personal information, we will maintain this information according to the Bank’s usual strict security and confidentiality standards.  The safeguarding of personal information is important to the Bank.  While we endeavor to maintain the security of personal information in our possession, we cannot guarantee such security.  The Bank is in no way responsible for the security of personal information or any other information provided by you while the information is being communicated to the Bank via this website, through e-mail or otherwise.  Nor is the Bank responsible for safeguarding information that you provide to a third party.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of information attached to your browser by a website that you visit.  Cookies are used to track usage patterns, traffic trends and customer behavior, as well as to record other information from the website.  We may use cookies on this site to collect statistical information about our users in aggregate.  We perform analyses on our web server's log files to identify, among other things:our site's most popular pages;the browsers and operating systems most often used by our visitors;the sites and search engines that have referred visitors to our site; andthe domains from which our users visit us.This analysis does not involve personally identifiable information. It is used only for the purpose of helping us understand and better meet our audiences' needs.  Some aggregate website analysis is performed for us by Google Analytics (http://www.google.com/analytics/), and may involve the use of cookies set by Google.  For Google's Privacy policy, see http://www.google.com/privacy.html.Sometimes, a third party contractor will use cookies on one of the sites it creates and/or manages for us – for example, our Career Opportunities site.You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it or not.  You can also set your browser to not accept cookies at all.  If you do so, however, some areas of some sites may not operate properly.
Children
The Bank’s website is not directed toward children under 13 and does not solicit personally identifiable information from children.  Minor children should always obtain parental consent before releasing personal information to any website.
Links
The Bank’s website contains links to other sites.  The Bank is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Monitoring and Other Considerations
The Bank's website and firewall are subject to monitoring by Federal Reserve System personnel. Any and all users expressly consent to such monitoring and are advised that any evidence of criminal activity may be provided to law enforcement officials.If you do not agree with any portion of this policy you have the right to exit and not continue the session.  However, if you do continue to remain on this site you implicitly consent to this policy.
Policy Changes
The Bank reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Statement at any time.  We will not provide you with notice of any such amendments or modifications.  You are responsible for reviewing this Statement from time to time to monitor any such amendments or modifications. For information regarding the Kansas City Fed’s use of personally identifiable information, read the General Privacy Notice.
Find Information
Agricultural and Rural Economies
Consumer Help
Diversity and Inclusion
Economic Symposium
Indicators and Data
Newsroom
Research Publications
Speeches
Job Search
×