http://www.j-omega.co.uk/privacy.shtml
Home
MIDI to Parallel
Parallel to MIDI
Servo Control
Music Punching
Accessories
Downloads
Application Examples
Privacy
This statement explains how we will treat any personal information that you provide to us when you use this
site. It also outlines some of the security measures that we take in order to protect your privacy and
gives certain assurances on things we will not do.
The information we collect and how we use it
There is currently no registration process required at www.j-omega.co.uk to browse the site,
build an order list or find out how much the postage and packing charges would be for your
order. However, before completing an order and entering the payment process, the site requires
you to provide your name, address and email contact details. We use these details primarily so we
know where to post your order to, but we also store them along with the date of the order and
the serial numbers of the products despatched to you. We do this in case we have to contact you
about your product (eg. if a product recall is ever required) of if you contact us after the
sale and do not know the details of the items that you ordered. We also use historic sales data, in
particular products ordered and geographic location of the purchaser, for the purposes of business
planning so we can improve the quality of service to our customers.
Any security-sensitive payment information, eg. credit card number, that you provide on-line
is handled entirely by our third-party payment solution provider (PayPal) through their secure
server. Your card details are never passed to us and therefore we have no record of them.
We do not currently engage in the sending of any promotional literature by email or post. If we do,
this will relate only to our own products and/or services. We do not, and will not in the future without
your permission, release your contact details to other companies or business entities for the purposes of
marketing or promotion of their products or services.
Security
Any personal data that you provide at www.j-omega.co.uk will be stored in a secure database, administered
by the website hosting company. A copy of your order information and any e-mails that you exchange with
us will be held in our local computer system which uses encrypted file storage. Your data is therefore well
protected against unauthorised disclosure, even in the event of a malicious act (e.g. theft of our computer's
disk drive).
Cookies
We do not currently use cookies at www.j-omega.co.uk. Instead, we use your computer's IP address
to deliver the correct order list to your web browser. This avoids the need to store any data for
our use on your computer, but it can cause some confusion where different orders are placed on
computers that share the same internet connection. If this occurs, please let us know using
the Contact page and we will make alternative arrangements to take
the order.
Data Protection
Under the terms of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018, j-Omega Electronics
provides the following statement of compliance:
Name: Dr John Wale, trading as 'j-Omega Electronics'
Purpose of data processing: to enable the delivery of products bought on-line to the customer's address,
to notify the customer of the status of his/her order during processing and to allow later notification of
the customer in the event of it being necessary to supply significant product-related information
Data collected: Customer name, delivery address, e-mail address and (optionally) telephone number
Recipient of data: j-Omega Electronics proprietor and appointed agents
Retention period of data: up to the time limit of product support (which may be indefinite)
Rights of the individual with respect to data held: to request a copy of all data held by j-Omega
Electronics about that individual, to instruct deletion of all records records relating to that individual
Right to withdraw consent to use data: the individual may at any time contact j-Omega Electronics using
any of the advertised means given at www.j-omega.co.uk to instruct that no further communication is to be
initiated by j-Omega Electronics to that individual (except for an acknowledgement of the instruction)
Right to lodge a complaint: contact the UK Information Commissioner's Office at https://ico.org.uk
About  |
Contact Us  |
Privacy  |
Terms & Conditions