http://www.sentry.com/privacy-policy
Search
Who we serve
What we offer
Why choose Sentry
Log in
About us
Careers
Contact us
For agents and brokers
800-473-6879
Find an agent
Privacy policy
Share
Print
Protecting your personal information is important to us. Here’s how we handle your personal information.
Information we collect and disclose
The types of personal information we might collect include:
Information you provide on applications or other forms, or in your verbal responses to our questions. This might include identifying information such as name, address, and information about your assets and income.
Information about your transactions with us, including policies purchased and premium payment history.
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency that indicates your credit worthiness and credit history.
We do not sell customer lists or any personal information regarding our customers.
We only disclose nonpublic personal information about customers or former customers to other affiliated or nonaffiliated third parties as permitted or required by law. We might share personal financial information about you between affiliated companies within the Sentry Insurance Group to make additional services available to you (e.g., auto insurance customers may receive information about life insurance products, and vice versa).
For customers of Point Insurance Agency, LLC and/or the Parker Stevens agencies, these agencies may disclose your nonpublic personal information to nonaffiliated insurance companies as reasonably necessary to provide you with insurance products and services.
Cookie policy
At Sentry, we use cookies for the convenience of our users, offering a more enhanced experience when using the site.
A cookie is a small text file that is recorded either temporarily or persistently on your browser or device
that enables our website to remember information about you when you visit our site and also to assist us in identifying the products and services that we offer, that may interest you.
First party cookies are set by us and third-party cookies are used by us, but generated from a domain different from that of our site.
There are several types of cookies
Strictly necessary – needed for website functionality, system administration, security and fraud prevention and to enable website financial transactions. Blocking these cookies will impair functionality of the website.
Analytics and Performance – measures the performance of our site with respect to the pages you have visited to help us understand what content is most useful to you and to improve your experience by creating content and functionality to enhance your experience.
Advertising – may collect information about your browsing habits, preferences and interaction with advertisements so that relevant content may be presented to you. We may use vendors to assist in determining what content and advertising will be most relevant to you, specifically, we
may use vendors to set a unique cookie ID that is associated with your use of our websites and Properties so that relevant content and ads may be rendered to you, even after you leave our site.
Social – set by social media platforms to enable you to visit our social media sites and to share content in your social networks. Social media platforms may track your activities outside of this site pursuant to their privacy notices and policy and tailor content and messages you see on other sites you visit.
Managing your Cookie Preferences
You can block cookies by selecting the appropriate privacy settings in the browser that you are using.
Explorer – Select settings, (lock icon), then privacy and security. For more information on Explorer privacy settings, click here.
Firefox – Select settings, then privacy protections. For more information, click here.
Google Chrome – Select settings, then privacy and security. For more information, click here.
How we safeguard your privacy
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your personal financial information.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal financial data to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.
We communicate to our employees in writing the importance of protecting confidential information.
We may amend our privacy policies at any time. If we do, we will inform you in writing.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
View our Privacy Addendum for California Residents.
This notice applies to each of the following companies. Companies may not be licensed in all states.
Sentry Insurance a Mutual Company
Dairyland County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas
Dairyland Insurance Company
Dairyland National Insurance Company
Florists’ Insurance Company
Florists’ Mutual Insurance Company
Middlesex Insurance Company
Parker Centennial Assurance Company
Patriot General Insurance Company
Peak Property and Casualty Insurance Corp.
Sentry Life Insurance Company
Sentry Life Insurance Company of New York
Sentry Select Insurance Company
Sentry Casualty Company
Sentry Lloyds of Texas
Viking Insurance Company of Wisconsin
Sentry Equity Services, Inc.
Parker Services, L.L.C.
Parker Stevens Agency, L.L.C.
Point Insurance Agency, LLC
Florists’ Insurance Service, Inc.
This describes how we handle personal information of the individuals we serve. It is only for your information. No action on your part is needed.
If you have questions regarding this notice, please write to Corporate Compliance/Privacy, 1800 North Point Drive, Stevens Point, WI 54481.
Notices
Customer notifications
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Sitemap
System requirements
Terms and conditions
Web accessibility
Customer notifications
Legal disclaimer
Privacy policy
Sitemap
System requirements
Terms and conditions
Web accessibility
What can we help you find?
Search
×
Unsupported Browser
Warning, we have detected that you are running an unsupported browser.
We recommend upgrading your browser or running on a different browser.
In the meantime, this site may not operate completely.
Close