https://www.buildingcentre.co.uk/footer/privacy-policy
Find products
Use our product finder to search for products and materials
Sign in
Register
Remember me
Forgot password?
Sign in
Architect
Architectural Technician
Architectural Technologist
Bricklayer
Builders Merchant
Building Services Engineer
Building Surveyor
Carpenter/Joiner
Civil Engineer
Clerk of Works
Consultant
Consulting Engineer
Contractor
Facilities Manager
General Builder
Government & Local Authority
Heating Engineer
Home Improver/DIY
Housebuilder
Housing Association
Interior Designer
Landlord
Landscape Architect/Designer
Manufacturer
Painter & Decorator
Plasterer
Plumber
Press
Project Manager
Property Developer
Quantity Surveyor
Self Builder
Shopfitter
Structural Engineer
Student
Other
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive news about events and exhibitions, innovation and materials on the latest building product innovations, case studies and more.
I have read and agree to the terms and conditions of usage and The Building Centre's Privacy Policy.
Register
This website uses cookies in order to improve your web experience.
Read our cookie policy.
OK
What’s on
Product finder
Articles and news
Venue
Venue hire
Seminar spaces
Boardroom
Building Centre Gallery
Hospitality catering
Café
Products & materials galleries
Workspaces
Organisations at the Building Centre
Coworking space
Office space
Plan your visit
About us
Our mission
Our history
Our team
What’s on
Product finder
Articles and news
Venue
About us
Venue hire
Seminar spaces
Boardroom
Building Centre Gallery
Hospitality catering
Café
Products & materials galleries
Workspaces
Organisations at the Building Centre
Coworking space
Office space
Plan your visit
Our mission
Our history
Our team
Privacy policy
The Building Centre’s privacy policy is set out below. It tells you how we collect information about you, how we store and process the information, what we might use it for, who we might share the information with, and our practices regarding your personal data in compliance with General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). If you do not agree with the policy, please do not use our website or give your data to us.
This website is operated by The Building Centre Group. We are in The Building Centre at Store Street, London WC1E 7BT. If you have queries about the information we hold on you or our privacy policy, please write to us at the address above or  email data@buildingcentre.co.uk
We may collect and use information about you in the following ways:
Information you give
You may give us information by filling in forms on our site, following links in our emails or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our services, search for a product, use social media functions or enter a competition, promotion or survey operated by us. The information you give may include your name, address, email address and phone number, credit card information and sometimes personal description and photographs.
Information we collect
We use cookies and other tracking on www.buildingcentre.co.uk to tell us what pages you're looking at and to help us enhance your customer experience and provide you with content that is relevant. To find out more about how we use cookies, click here.
Analytics cookies (including Google Analytics) help us evaluate site activity and improve the functionality of our site. We do not use this information for any other purpose.
Storage of information
Your information will be stored on our secure web server and we will keep our own backup copy. We may also store your information on paper at our offices.
We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage.
You have a statutory right to see a copy of the information we hold about you by submitting a ‘Subject Access Request’. Please email data@buildingcentre.co.uk with any such request.
What we use your information for
Unless there is a reason to do so for which we believe there is a legitimate interest (see next paragraph), we will use your personal information (including email address) only for the purposes which you have given us consent to do so. This will usually be in the form of email updates and newsletters. We will use your information to provide you with any further details or information you request when you contact us. This may involve updates on our activities, bookings for events or provision of products and other services from The Building Centre.
Legitimate interests
We may process your personal information for carefully considered and specific purposes which are in our interests and enable us to enhance the services we provide, but which we believe also benefit you, our customers.
When using Specifinder, our building product directory, we share your personal information with building product manufacturers on the grounds of this legitimate interest when, for example, you express an interest in a building product or view said manufacturers’ online content.
You have the right to object to this processing of your data, but please bear in mind that this may affect our ability to carry out tasks for your benefit.
If you object to this processing of your data, please do not use our product directory. If you have inadvertently done so, then please request that your data is deleted by emailing  data@buildingcentre.co.uk.
With whom we may share your data
We may share your information with selected third parties including:-
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of a contract we enter into with you;
advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to present relevant adverts to you on our behalf;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
building product manufacturers, who may wish to contact you in response to you visiting one of their pages or to follow up an enquiry you have made.
We will disclose your information in order to comply with any legal obligation or in order to enforce or apply our website terms and conditions or to protect the rights, property or security of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purpose of fraud protection.
We may share your information with other companies in the same group structure as The Building Centre Group.
Any credit or debit card details you supply will be stored by the external payment provider and your card issuer for payment processing reasons. We will not store any card payment data.
From time to time we may work with external partners to undertake marketing activities. In these instances we will only share your information with these partners if you have given us consent to share your information with them at the time of the data capture.
Event registration/Eventbrite
We use Eventbrite as our online events registration provider. By registering your information with Eventbrite you acknowledge that the information you provide will be transferred to Eventbrite for processing. Eventbrite will only process your Personal Data to help administer that event on behalf of The Building Centre.
Eventbrite merely provides the "tools" for Organisers; Eventbrite does not decide what Personal Data to request on registration forms, nor is it responsible for the continued accuracy of any Personal Data provided. For further details please see Eventbrite’s Privacy Policy.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to use your data for marketing purposes. We may periodically send you news and/or marketing emails only if you have given your consent using one of our online forms or, for example, at the time of becoming a registered member or subscriber. If you no longer wish to receive news and/or marketing emails from us you can unsubscribe by clicking on the relevant link included in the footer of every email we send or alternatively please email your request to data@buildingcentre.co.uk. When marketing emails are sent to you, we may place a small graphic in the footer of your email for tracking purposes.
You also have the right to be removed from our system completely. To do this, please email us with your name to data@buildingcentre.co.uk. This will be actioned within 15 working days and you will receive confirmation when this has been done.
Where we store your personal data
Information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password.
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Last updated: May 2018