http://www.amsale.com/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Bridal
Bridesmaids
Evening
Swatches
Book an Appointment
Stories
Bridal
Ready to Ship
Amsale
Nouvelle Amsale
Little White Dress
Accessories
Amsale X You
Bridesmaids
Amsale
Nouvelle Amsale
Amsale Swatches
Nouvelle Amsale Swatches
Amsale X You
Swatches
Amsale Bridesmaids
Nouvelle Amsale Bridesmaids
Book an Appointment
Book a Virtual Appointment
Visit NYC Salon
Store Locator
Events
Alterations
FAQ
Stories
Our Story
Real Brides
Blog
Press
Search for products
LEGAL STATEMENT
Copyright Information
AMSALE owns www.amsale.com (“the Site”). AMSALE owns or has rights to all of the wallpaper, icons, characters, artwork, images, graphics, music, text, software and other content of the Site (the “Content”), and all HTML, CGI and other code and scripts in any format used to implement the Site (the “Code”). The Content and Code of the Site is protected by copyright. Except as set forth herein, you may not copy, modify, upload, download, transmit, re-publish, display for redistribution to third parties for commercial purposes, or otherwise distribute any Code or Content from the Site without the prior written agreement of AMSALE. You may not use the Content or Code from the Site for any purpose other than those set forth herein. All names, logos and trademarks which appear on the Site are the property of AMSALE or are used by AMSALE under license. You may not use any of the foregoing for any purpose without the prior express written permission of AMSALE. Your failure to comply with this Legal Statement will constitute breach of contract and will violate AMSALE’s copyright, trademark and other proprietary and industrial property rights. You may print in hard copy portions of this website with the sole intent of placing an order for AMSALE products or for keeping store location, hours or phone number information. The use of any such material for any other reason, on any other website, or the modification, distribution, or republication of this material without prior written permission from AMSALE or as otherwise specifically directed on the Site as to specific Content is strictly prohibited.
Legal Statement
This legal statement contains the terms and conditions governing the Site, and all sites of the affiliates of AMSALE. By using the Site, you expressly accept and agree to abide by all the terms and conditions contained in this Legal Statement. Do not use the Site if you do not accept and agree to these terms and conditions. Unless otherwise referenced herein, any reference to “AMSALE” shall include Amsale Aberra, LLC. and all of its affiliates.
The Site is available only for your personal use, which shall be limited to viewing the Site, providing information to the Site, downloading product information for your personal review and for the purchase of products.
No License
Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary or industrial right of AMSALE, its affiliates or any third party.
Use Of Information Submitted By You
Note: This section does not apply to personal data supplied by you to the Site, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and the like. Please see our Privacy Policy Statement for information regarding our treatment of personal data.
If you respond to AMSALE with any information, including but not limited to photographs, feedback, data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like Site (collectively, the “User Material”), you shall retain all of your ownership rights in your name and any photographs and other material and content you post on, submit or upload, however, such information shall NOT be deemed confidential. You hereby grant to us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, fully sub-licensable, irrevocable, transferable, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, digitally perform, publicly perform and publicly display and otherwise exploit in any manner your User Material, and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or later developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to or prior approval by you. By submitting, posting or uploading User Material you represent and warrant that (a) no other party has any rights to the User Material or that you have all rights necessary to grant the rights granted hereunder, (b) the User Material is not subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise, on our part and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of any User Material, (c) your provision of the User Material to and through the Site, complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations; and (d) you hereby indemnify AMSALE for all claims resulting from the User Material you supply. You further irrevocably waive any “moral rights” or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of the User Material that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.
AMSALE will not be liable for any use or disclosure of such information. AMSALE will not have any obligation to keep such information confidential and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to others without limitation. AMSALE will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products which incorporate or otherwise rely upon such information.
AMSALE welcomes your comments and suggestions on its Site and products, but AMSALE does not seek to solicit any confidential or proprietary ideas, suggestions, materials or other information relating to developing, designing, redesigning, modifying, manufacturing or marketing its products or any new products. By submitting information, you warrant that AMSALE may publish such information, use it as part of its operations, and incorporate its concepts in AMSALE products without liability.
Product And Pricing Information
Although AMSALE has made every effort to display the products and their colors as accurately as possible, the displayed colors of the products will depend upon the monitor of the user and AMSALE cannot guarantee that the user’s monitor will accurately portray the actual colors of the products. Products displayed may be out-of-stock or discontinued, and prices are subject to change. AMSALE is not responsible for typographical errors regarding price or any other matter. Subject to the foregoing, the prices displayed are quoted in U.S. dollars and are effective only for United States purchases. Purchases are subject to applicable taxes to be paid by the purchaser, and do not include shipping and handling. Purchase requests to addresses outside the United States cannot be filled.
Prohibited Activities : You may not post, upload or transmit any material or content on or through the Site:
that violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others;
that solicits, encourages, or promotes the use of illegal substances or activities;
which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, derogatory, degrading, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, fraudulent or tortious, vulgar, obscene, bigoted or hateful, intimidating, profane, scandalous, pornographic, indecent or otherwise objectionable;
that is protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other proprietary right, (unless you have secured all rights necessary to grant the rights granted hereunder); that expresses or implies that any statements made by you are endorsed by AMSALE;
that gives rise to civil or criminal liability, encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offense or otherwise violates any local, state or federal law; or
that contains nudity, obscene gestures, obscene language, advertising for products, services or websites and/or contact information (i.e. phone numbers, addresses, URLs or email addresses).
Disclaimers
AMSALE publishes information on its Site as a convenience to its visitors. While AMSALE attempts to provide accurate and timely information, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the Site at any time without notice. The AMSALE products described in the Site may not be available in your region. AMSALE does not claim that the information in the Site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the products described in its Site will be available for purchase in all jurisdictions.
AMSALE operates its Site from the United States. It is possible that some software that may be downloaded from the Site is subject to government export control or other restrictions. By visiting and using our Site, you acknowledge these restrictions and agree that you are not subject to them.
Visitors assume all responsibility and risk with respect to their use of the Site. AMSALE disclaims all warranties, representations and endorsements, express or implied, with regard to information accessed from or via the Site, including, but not limited to, all express and implied warranties, such as warranty of title, merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. AMSALE does not warrant that the Site is free of computer viruses, bugs or other harmful components. AMSALE does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free or that errors will be detected or corrected. AMSALE does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of the information disclosed or accessed through the Site. AMSALE does not have any duty to update its Site or modify their Content or Code, and AMSALE shall not be liable for its failure to update such information. It is your responsibility to verify any information contained in the Sites before relying upon it.
AMSALE makes no warranties of any kind regarding any non-AMSALE sites to which the user may be directed or hyperlinked from this Site. Hyperlinks are included solely for the convenience of the user, and AMSALE makes no representations or warranties with regard to the accuracy, availability, suitability or safety of information provided in such non-AMSALE sites.
IN NO EVENT SHALL AMSALE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF WHATEVER KIND RESULTING FROM WHATEVER CAUSE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE, TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE IN NATURE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER THEORIES OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, AMSALE’S SITE.
AMSALE reserves the right to withdraw access to the Site or to revise the services and products described in the Site at any time without notice.
AMSALE may at any time revise the terms and conditions contained in this Legal Statement by updating this posting. You are bound by any revisions and should periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions which apply to your use of the Site.
The invalidity of any term, condition or provision of this Legal Statement shall not affect the enforceability of those portions of the Legal Statement deemed enforceable by applicable courts of law.
Gift Card Disclaimer
AMSALE reserves the right to refuse to send or transmit gift cards, including e-gift cards, that contain vulgur, obscene, abusive, profane or otherwise offensive language.
Additional Disclaimer
AMSALE does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or usefulness of the information posted, disclosed, or accessed by visitors to this site. The use of any such information shall be at the user’s sole risk. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMSALE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE OF WHATEVER KIND RESULTING FROM WHATEVER CAUSE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND INJURY OR DEATH TO PERSONS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY RELATING TO THE USE OR PERMFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS SITE.
Partner Program App
Terms for using the Amsale Partner Program native application follow the same terms of use on our Amsale.com website. By signing up, you agree to allow Amsale to securely store the data you enter when registering, as well as when entering customer information. All data is treated with the same encryption and security measures as outlined in the Amsale.com terms of service above. Amsale reserves the right to utilize this data for marketing purposes or to contact customers for order related issues. To opt out of our partner app, please contact customerservice@amsale.com with this request.
Shipping
Ship times for orders may vary depending on product type and production time.  All garments are made to order.  If you have a rush order please contact customerservice@amsale.com for assistance or call or text 212-583-1700. Shipping is free for all orders over $75.  Shipping cost for any other orders is calculated at the time of the order and will be displayed during checkout and in your order summary.  Swatches ship at a flat rate of $1.95. Orders are charged at the time they are placed due to the custom nature of each order.  Please note, signature is required for all dress deliveries.  This is to ensure the safe delivery of your Amsale dress, no exceptions are made to this policy.  Signature is not required for swatch deliveries.
Orders & Payment
We ask that you review your order carefully, as it cannot be modified once submitted.  All dress orders are made to order, there are no returns accepted.  Swatch orders are final sale. Once your order is placed, you will receive your order summary and confirmation number, as well as an email confirmation which includes your order number and an approximate order total. Orders typically require a 12-14 week (average) production and shipping timeline. If you have a rush order please contact customerservice@amsale.com for assistance or call or text 212-583-1700.
We accept the following methods of payment: Visa, MasterCard, American Express. Items will be charged to your selected method of payment at the time the order is placed. Your order may ship in multiple packages, but rest assured you will not be charged any additional shipping and handling fees. Please note that we are unable to process your order if we cannot obtain an authorization from your credit card company. You may wish to contact the issuing bank of your credit card regarding this matter, and then inform us of any additional information.
Return Policy
Amsale does not accept returns on any orders.  All of our garments are custom made when ordered. There are no returns or exchanges, no exceptions.  This policy applies to all online orders, including bridesmaid dresses and swatch samples. Please note that payment will not be refunded even if the event is cancelled, without exception. Amsale assumes no responsibility for any changes in your measurements for any reason. Any alterations needed will be the customers’ responsibility. We are happy to provide recommendations for an alterations specialist in your area, please contact us at customerservice@amsale.com.
Please note that dye lots may vary from swatches and that Amsale garments are designed from quality natural and synthetic fabrications.  Any seeming irregularity in the weave is characteristic of the fabric.
If an item was shipped or received in error, please contact customerservice@amsale.com within 7 days of receipt.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
You've successfully added a dress to your bag!
Color
Size
Bodice Size
Skirt Size
Skirt length
Dress length
Price
$
Quantity
Total:
$
You've successfully added a dress to your bag!
Please ensure you’ve reviewed our size Guide for measurements & sizing accuracy prior to placing your order.
All of our dresses are made to order and are non-returnable.
For exceptional service and to ensure we deliver your dress on time, please tell us your event date & bridal party name.
Event date
Field is required
Bridal Party / Bride name
Field is required
Submit
Save your progress?
Once your progress is saved, you can visitthis page anytime to continue where you left off.
You need to be logged in to use this feature.
Redirecting to login page in 5s