http://www.lgainc.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Effective Date: November 7, 2018
LGA takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy (“Privacy Statement”) explains what personal data we collect from you, including information collected on www.lgainc.com and any other websites this statement is linked to (the “Site”), and how we use that data. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully prior to using this website. By providing information to us you expressly agree to this Privacy Statement.
The Site is owned and operated by LGA.
Personal Data We Collect
LGA collects data to operate effectively and provide you with the best website experience. Most of the information we collect is information provided directly by you. We get some data through cookies (small text files that store website data on your computer). We also obtain data from third-party sources, including service providers who supplement the site usage data we collect.
You have choices about the data we collect. When asked to provide personal data, you may decline. If you choose not to provide data that is necessary to certain products/features, you may not be able to use that product/feature. You may withdraw your consent to us using your personal data at any time by reaching out to us. Please refer to the contact information below.
The data we collect may include the following:
Contact information – information such as name, job title, company name, department, email address, physical mailing address and telephone number;
Professional information – such as your employment background, job description and related information;
Responses to surveys – information you provide when responding to a survey on the website, via an app or email, on the telephone or otherwise;
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses – this number is identified and logged automatically whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited;
Demographic and location data.
We do not knowingly collect or process data from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) years old. If we discover that we have collected or received data from anyone under 13 without verification of parental consent, such information will be deleted. Please contact us if you believe we may have collected or processed data from or about anyone under 13.
How We Use Personal Data
We use information collected about you for the following purposes:
Communications. We use data to comply with your requests, respond to your inquiries, and send you newsletters, publications, or other information that you request. If you contact us by email through the Site, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and use it to respond to you. We will further use the data to fulfill any other purposes for which it was provided, and as disclosed at the time the data are collected.
Business Operations. We may also use data to conduct data analysis or audits that enable us to operate and improve the performance of our firm and tailor our website.
Marketing. We may contact you about certain matters that may be of interest to you.
Services. We may also use your data to contact you from time to time with product or service updates; provide the information, services, or support you request, and related after-sales services; manage our relationship with you; and to carry out any related administration.
We will retain your personal data only as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, or as is required by applicable law, and then we will delete it.
Reasons we may share personal data
We may share your personal data among LGA-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We may share personal data with service providers who work on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. Examples include companies that host our web servers, analyze data, and provide marketing assistance. These companies will have access to and may use your personal information as necessary to perform their functions (for example to help us communicate with you about our services) but they may not use that data for any other purpose and they do not have any independent right to share this information.
We may also disclose personal data as a part of a corporate transaction. Your personal data will remain subject to this Privacy Statement.
We also may use or disclose personal data if we believe that we are required to do so for any of the following reasons:
To comply with applicable law or respond to requests from governmental, regulatory, or public authorities;
To protect our clients; for example, to prevent spam, attempts to defraud, and other criminal offenses;
To operate and maintain the security of our systems, including to prevent or stop attacks on our systems or networks;
To protect the rights, interests, privacy, security, property, business, or safety of LGA, our partners, our employees, the users of the Site, or the public;
In connection with actual or proposed litigation.
Please note that our Site may contain links to third parties’ websites whose privacy practices are different from LGA’s. Any personal data you provide to any third-party website is governed by its privacy statement, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other website. Please carefully read any privacy policies on those links or websites before either agreeing to their terms or using those websites.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that store website data on your computer. They are widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to help collect data. A cookie makes your next visit to the website easier if you are using the same PC, laptop, tablet, or mobile phone and the same internet browser.  The table below explains the cookies we use and why:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
config.parsley.com
Parsley
This is a cookie used for content and digital media analytics
Universal Analytics (Google)
_ga_gali_gat_UA-1036645-1_gid_utm*
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website, including some WordPress sites.
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.  Please review Google’s privacy statement for details of their data collection practices.
Read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data.
SquareSpace
ss_**
SquareSpace hosts some LGA sites. This cookie is used for traffic analysis and usage statistics.
Authentication
(SP-dependent)
SAML/OAuth2/SSO cookies confirm the user’s identity via federated authentication systems. The cookie name is determined by the Service Provider, so it changes depending on the federated site visited.
User Experience
cookie_msgdl-doc-layerH
These cookies record user interactions that request desired page or component states in order to stream-line user experience for current or future visits.
LGA does not use any other third-party cookies. If you share a page through the social media buttons (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc.), you must then login on the relevant social media channel and approve the terms and conditions of that channel.
You can adjust your cookie settings or delete cookies using your internet browser. Please consult the help function on your internet browser. If you choose to block cookies, please note that this may mean that the website no longer functions properly.
Security of Personal Data
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of your personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your personal data. While we believe the measures we have implemented reduce our vulnerability to security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data we hold, no system is completely secure and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Where We Store and Process Personal Data
Personal data collected by LGA may be stored and processed in the United States, and in any other country where LGA or its affiliates or service providers operate facilities. These parties may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your information requests, meeting your requests, and the provision of support services. Typically, the primary storage location is in the United States. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing, or processing.
How to Access and Manage Your Personal Data
Communications/Marketing Preferences. You can choose whether you wish to receive direct marketing communications from LGA. You can opt-out at any time and unsubscribe from these communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in the message.
Browser-Based Controls. There are browser-based controls for cookies, described in the Cookies section of this Privacy Statement, and to block tracking or third-party content.
Further, certain countries may grant you specific rights to access, correct, delete, or object to the processing of, or transfer your personal data. To make a specific request, please contact us by telephone at (US) +1.702.263.7111 or by email at info@lgainc.com.  You must be able to provide your name and email address or other information sufficient information to allow us to identify you. Once identified, we will respond to your request as appropriate. We will follow internal procedures when these requests are made to protect the integrity of the data we hold.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement was last updated on the date noted above and applies from that date. We may occasionally amend this Privacy Statement. You can determine if the Privacy Statement has been revised since your last visit by referring to the “Effective Date” listed at the top of this page. Any new statement will automatically be in force when it is published on the website. Your use of our Site following such revision constitutes your acceptance of the contents of the Privacy Statement as amended or revised by us. You should therefore return here regularly to view our most up to date Privacy Statement. You may also wish to print a copy for your records.
How do you contact us?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, or you want to contact us regarding how we handle your personal data please email us at info@lgainc.com.
Join Our Community
Name
First
Last
Email