https://www.darwinrhodes.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Darwin Rhodes
Home
About Us
Dryden Human Capital
London Team
Hong Kong Team
Specialisms
Job Search
UK
EMEA
Hong Kong
News
Work for us
Our Values
Benefits
Awards
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyHome Privacy Policy
This policy applies solely and specifically to websites owned and operated by Dryden Human Capital Group Ltd.
This statement sets out our policy for the use and holding of information that is provided by or obtained from you. All such information is referred to in this statement as "personal data".
By using this website and/or providing personal data you are indicating your consent to us obtaining personal data from you and to the holding and use of the personal data that is provided by or obtained from you in accordance with this policy. All personal data is stored within our secure computer network.
The personal data that is provided by or obtained from you is used and/or held by us for the following purposes:
To communicate with you in accordance with this policy.
In connection with our recruitment process to find you permanent or contract employment. If you do not wish to provide us with certain information, this may restrict us in the services we can provide to you.
To inform you of new features and promotions on websites owned and operated by Darwin Rhodes Ltd and other brands owned and operated by Dryden Human Capital Group Ltd.
To enhance your experience of websites owned and operated by Darwin Rhodes Ltd and Dryden Human Capital Group Ltd by identifying your personal preferences.
If you wish to change or update your personal data, you may do so by contacting us at london@darwinrhodes.com and we will respond to you within 10 working days. If you would like to remove all or any of your personal data from our records, we will confirm this action with you in the correspondence. If you would like to discuss this matter or have any questions regarding the processing of your Personal Information, please contact Wade Newell at our Group headquarters in London.
Why Choose Us
Benchmark-Proven Results
Local Access to Global Talent
Consistently Competitive Rates
Holistic Talent Solutions
Contact Uscall us on +44 (0) 207 929 7667
email us at london@darwinrhodes.com
London33 Queen Street, London, EC4R 1AP
Hong Kong11th Floor, Tower 535, 535 Jaffe Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Darwin Rhodes (Switzerland) GmbH,Alter Postplatz 2, CH-6370 Stans,Switzerland.
email us at switzerlandinfo@darwinrhodes.com
Site MapHome
About Us
Specialisms
News
Work for us
Contact Us
Diversity Policy
Privacy Policy
SectorsActuarial
Broking
Underwriting
Claims
Catastrophe Risk
Employee Benefits
General Insurance
Finance & Accounting
IT & Change Management
Life & Health Reinsurance
Pensions
Governance, Risk & Compliance
Contact Uscall us on +44 (0) 207 929 7667
email us at london@darwinrhodes.com
London33 Queen Street, London, EC4R 1APCompany No. 3292152
Darwin Rhodes (Hong Kong) Company Limited Room 5, 17/F,Tesbury Centre,28 Queen's Road East,Wan Chai,Hong Kong
Darwin Rhodes (Switzerland) GmbH,Alter Postplatz 2, CH-6370 Stans,Switzerland.
email us at switzerlandinfo@darwinrhodes.com
© Copyright 2020 Darwin Rhodes. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Zoviant