http://www.deknudtmirrors.com/en-us/privacypolicy
Why this Privacy policy?We collect personal data on the website. This personal data can be used for all kinds of purposes. This privacy policy is intended to inform the User of the responsible parties, the purposes of processing and processing operations.The processing operations always occur in accordance with the relevant (Belgian and European) laws, and in specific the Belgian law of December 8 1992 concerning the protection of the personal sphere with regards to the processing up personal data (Privacy law). If you’d like to receive more information hereon we gladly direct you to the website of the supervisory authorities: https://www.privacycommission.be.This Privacy policy is an integral part of our Terms of Use. The User shall be deemed to take note hereof. By making use of the Website and/or services the User gives his explicit permission to process the acquired data in accordance with this Privacy policy.Considering the current state of technology it is impossible to make a projection of all of our future processing operations. The
content of this Privacy policy can therefore be modified at any given moment. The User is deemed to take note of the content of this Privacy policy on a regular basis.Who is responsible?The Website www.deknudtmirrors.com is managed by Deknudt Mirrors Kasteelstraat 10 8540 Deerlijk BE 831.734.814 Tel: +32 56 56 73 55 11www.deknudtmirrors.com info@deknudmirrors.com Via the Website multiple parties can receive personal data and apply them for their own purposes. This Privacy policy only concerns the processing operations for which Deknudt Mirrors has been appointed as the responsible for the processing.The chapter “Is personal data shared with third parties?” will list the other responsible parties and actual processors.Collecting the personal data.The personal data is collected in the following ways:-
Via accessing and using the Website and services;-
Via the contact form on the website;-
Via different technical resources, such as cookies and log-information.The User will be able to determine the quality and quantity of the personal data he provides through the Website www.deknudtmirrors.com. The processing of data will expand when the use of the Website and services increases.We will by no means collect and process personal data that is qualified as sensitive. This includes data concerning health, data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, political opinions or sexual orientation.Purposes of processingThe personal data is processed exclusively for the following purposes:-
Correct access and use of the Website and services;-
Sending various commercial and non-commercial messages, both on behalf of ourselves as on behalf of our partners;-
Detecting fraud and misuse; Is personal data shared with third parties? The personal data collected is not shared with or transferred to third parties, with exception of the situations described in the following articles:a/ Actual processors.Deknudt Mirrors can use several external parties to effectively process the personal data. These external parties only act hereto commissioned by Deknudt Mirrors and are appointed as “actual processors”. Deknudt Mirrors can guarantee the following concerning the data processing:Actual processors are only appointed following a comparative selection in which a qualitative and safe processing procedure is a priority. The actual processors can solely use the data for the purposes as determined by Deknudt Mirrors.Your personal data will never be processed by an actual processor that does not abide or guarantee the European principles concerning the protection of personal data.Actual processors dispose of a specialized knowledge on data processing. These processors therefore have the choice between different techniques and procedures, for which they bear full responsibility.b/ Other responsible processorsThe following parties are appointed as a responsible processor:Google Analytics. Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube Pinterest FlickrDeknudt Mirrors is not a party to the processing operations of these third parties. The User is deemed to have taken knowledge of the Privacy policy of these third parties with regards to receiving more information concerning the purposes of this data process.c/ Transfer of data hereto obligated by a court order or applicable regulation. Deknudt Mirrors can be obligated to, in whole or in part, give insight to the processed personal data pursuant by a court order or an applicable regulation. Deknudt Mirrors will always have a certain reluctance when allowing access to this data but will have no other choice to abide by the order, yet within its limits.What rights does the User have? The processing is done in a just and legitimate way with a view to specific, explicitly described and justified purposes.The processing operations happen merely adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the specific purposes.The Personal data is not kept any longer than required for the attainment of the purposes.Furthermore, the User enjoys the rights as granted in the Privacy law. The User shall exercise its rights by means of a dated and signed request by email sent to info@deknudtmirrors.com. A proof of identity must be attached to this request, preferably a copy of an ID card.If these conditions are met, Deknudt Mirrors is obligated to act within 30 days after receipt of the request. If Deknudt Mirrors does not respond, refuses or if the answer does not suffice, the User can always contact the Privacy Commission to obtain compliance with the rights. a/ Right of access.The User has the right to know about any processing of personal data relating to them that may or may not occur, as well as at least receiving information about the purposes of this processing, the categories of personal data to which this processing pertains and the categories of recipient to whom the personal data is provided. The period for a correct inspection can be extended to 45 days after receipt of the request, in accordance with the legal provisions.Deknudt Mirrors retains a certain margin of policy regarding the exercise of the right of inspection. Deknudt Mirrors is not obliged to provide the User with access to his specific file with personal data, nor does he require the User to provide a copy of this file.b/ Right to object and correct.The User is entitled to have all incorrect personal data relating to him corrected free of charge.Moreover, the User is entitled to object to the processing of data concerning him for serious and legitimate reasons connected to their particular situation.If the personal data is obtained with a view to direct marketing, the person concerned may object to the intended processing of personal data concerning him, free of charge and without any justification. Cookie policyThis website uses several cookies. Using cookies allows Deknudt Mirrors to optimize the general and individual user experience.The User gives its implicit permission for cookies to be installed and used by clicking on the website. Any User that doesn’t agree with this is deemed to manually disable cookies in the browser’s settings.
The website was developed on the basis of the SANA Commerce platform. SANA Commerce is a professional web builder who has all the technical know-how to protect all personal data safely. Through the link below you can consult the Privacy Policy of SANA Commerce.http://help.sana-commerce.com/sana-commerce-92/knowledge_base/security-measures-and-privacy-policy/security-measuresUsed cookies: Session cookies:
Are used by the server to manage user pages. Authentication cookies:
Contains highly secure authentication data from the User. Anti-forgery cookies:
Protects against CSRF attacks. Basket cookies:
Manages the purchase data safely. Guest cookies:
Manages the User who is logged in as a 'guest' in a secure manner. Last viewed products:
Here the last viewed articles are saved. Third party cookies:
Are used for analyses such as Google Analytics. The User that does not agree with the use of cookies may manually disable these. Disabling certain cookies has an inevitable effect on the good functioning of the website. The User is advised to only alter these settings with a certain knowledge on the topic.
Loading