http://www.tpinst.org/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Details on company policy, shipping and returns.
Terms & ConditionsGeneralThe Truss Plate Institute (TPI) provides www.tpinst.org, the TPI Website, and the TPI Repository as a service to the public and TPI members, registered suppliers, and licensees.  By using the TPI Website and the TPI Repository and ordering any of our products, you agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions also known as Terms of Service.DisclaimerThe Truss Plate Institute is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the site. While the information contained within the site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this TPI Website or the TPI Repository is correct, complete, and up-to-date.Although the TPI Website and the TPI Repository may include links providing direct access to other Internet resources, including Websites, the Truss Plate Institute is not responsible for the accuracy or content of information contained in these sites.Links from TPI’s Website or the TPI Repository to third-party sites does not constitute an endorsement by the Truss Plate Institute of the parties or their products and services. The appearance on the TPI Website or the TPI Repository of advertisements and product or service information does not constitute an endorsement by the Truss Plate Institute, and the Truss Plate Institute has not investigated the claims made by any advertiser. Product information is based solely on material received from suppliers.You agree that you will not use the name of the Truss Plate Institute, Inc.(TPI), the TPI logo or TPI trademarks in any way without prior written permission.Digital ProductsDigital products are defined as electronic files, web pages, directories, and/or website content subscriptions that are offered for sale or free and fulfilled on the www.tpinst.org web site.All digital products offered for purchase become immediately available upon credit card confirmation via links to the digital product(s) delivered to the customer via the customer supplied e-mail. There are no shipping and handling charges for digital products.  Sales tax only applies to customer’s whose credit card billing address is in Florida or Virginia. Digital products may not be returned.Digital products purchased on the TPI Website are valid for download for 24 hours from time of initial download.  All digital products from the TPI Website that are available for download, either for purchase or free, are offered under the following terms and conditions:The digital file may be downloaded once for personal use and, in the case of printable files, one hard copy of the downloadable file may be produced for personal use,The purchaser may not otherwise reproduce, resell, or reconvey, nor grant others permission to download or reproduce the file or files,The publications and files are owned by the Truss Plate Institute and all rights are retained, andAll digital download sales are final as per TPI’s Returns Policy.The end user by downloading the digital products is agreeing to the above Digital Products terms and conditions.CopyrightAll material on the TPI Website and in its publications, including design, text, images, logos and sounds, are owned by TPI, either through copyright or trademark, unless otherwise indicated. All rights are reserved by TPI. Content may not be copied, reproduced, transmitted, distributed, downloaded or transferred in any form or by any means without TPI's prior written consent, and with express attribution to TPI. Copyright infringement is a violation of federal law subject to criminal and civil penalties.  To request copyright permission contact TPI via our Contact Us webpage.Pricing/Member RatesAll products and services are priced in US dollars.  Some products and services are offered with member discounts as noted.  Member discounts are extended to TPI members, TPI Quality Assurance Licensees, SBCA Component Manuf. members & NFBA members only.  Customers not qualifying for member rates as stated above may purchase the product or service at the listed non-member rate only. Qualification for member rates will be verified by the Truss Plate Institute prior to shipment of product or service and if a discrepancy is noted the customer will be notified to rectify the rate difference.  In the event of a cancellation of the order by the customer a service fee may be applied.  Member discounts are applied at checkout by using a Member Discount Code.  Get you Member Discount Code HERE.ShippingShipping of physical products is currently to locations within the US and Canada only.  All orders must be received by 3 pm eastern time Monday through Friday in order to be processed the day of the order.  Orders received after 3 pm eastern time will be processed the next business day.  Orders received on Saturday or Sunday will be processed the next business day including "next business day" & priority express mail.  We currently do not ship items on Saturday, Sunday or holidays.TPI reserves the right to ship its products via alternate carriers from those posted under shipping & handling as long as the customer does not incur additional fees and the delivery times are as specified or less than those specified by the customer in their order. Local TaxesPlease note that local charges (sales tax, customs duty) may occur, depending on your region and local customs duties. These charges are at the customers own expense.Returns PolicyFor specific information on our returns policy please follow the link to our Returns Policy page.Privacy PolicyFor specific information on our privacy policy please follow the link to our Privacy Policy page.
Truss Plate Institute
maintaining the truss industry on a sound engineering basis
The Truss Plate Institute (TPI) has been serving the truss industry since 1961. TPI's core mission is "....to maintain the truss industry on a sound engineering basis...". We provide Design & Quality Standards & Publications for metal plate connected wood trusses (ANSI Standards Developer) along with other products and services to the component manufacturing industry.
Truss Plate Institute | 218 N. Lee Street, Ste. 312, Alexandria, VA
22314, USA