https://www.dciconsult.com/privacy-policy
(202) 828 6900
About DCI
Who We are
Leadership
Professionals
Client Success
Speaking Engagements
Our Partners
DCI Cares
Resources
Blog
Client Resources Library
Webinars
White Papers
DCI Software Support
Contact Us
Compliance
Affirmative Action Plans
Full Service Consulting
Software
Program Launch
New Federal Contractor
OFCCP Audit Support
Mock Audit
General HR Risk Consulting
Training
Mock Audits
HR Risk Needs Assessment
Applicant Tracking Change Management Consulting
EEO-1 and VETS-4212 Filings
State Pay Reporting
California Pay Data Requirement
Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act
State AAPs/Compliance Reports
State Equal Pay Laws
Pay Equity Analysis
Full Service Consulting
Software
Pay Equity Index
Wage Gap
Diversity Metrics
Diversity Program Evaluation
Diversity Profile Analysis
Availability Source Research
Diversity Survey
Personnel Transaction Review
Diversity Talent Dashboard
Velocity of Promotions Study
Policy Review
Diversity Road Map and Training Strategy
Workforce Analytics
Adverse Impact Analysis
Reduction in Force
Hiring Considerations
Barrier Analysis
Custom Availability Reporting and Trending
Personnel Selection
Selection Procedure Development and Validation Research
Formal Validation Research
Types of Tools
Third Party Review
Test Audits
Job Analysis Research
Selection Tool Development
Essential Job Functions
Identify Workforce Competency Gaps
Job Similarity Analyses
Competency Modeling
Litigation Support
Expert Witness
Post-Litigation
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy policy sets out how DCI Consulting Group Inc (“DCI”) uses and protects any information that you give DCI when you use this website. DCI is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. DCI may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1, 2019.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We will only send you information you have consented to receive. If you have consented, we may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
To read DCI Consulting’s Privacy Shield Policy, click here.
Contact One of Our Experts
CONTACT
INDUSTRY NEWS & LEARNING
DCI Consulting is a risk management human resources consulting firm strategically located in Washington, D.C.
Test
OFCCP Releases New Technical Assistance Guide for Small Contractors
12/3/20
CA Pay Reporting – Updated FAQs posted
12/1/20
EO 13950 Notice Language Published
11/30/20
Video Blog: California Fair Pay Act
11/17/20
Stay in the know!
Advice, articles, and the news you need, delivered right to your inbox.
EXPERTISE
OFCCP COMPLIANCE
PAY EQUITY
DIVERSITY METRICS
PERSONNEL SELECTION
LITIGATION SUPPORT
USEFUL LINKS
ABOUT DCI
CONTACT US
CAREERS
DCI’S BROCHURE
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRICING POLICY
DCI ALERTSSubmit your email address to receive free industry news updates.
SOCIAL
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
RSS
1920 I St NW
Washington, DC 20006
(202) 828 6900
© 2020 DCI Consulting Group | All Rights Reserved