https://www.axisins.com/products/cyber-liability-privacy-network-security/
Safeguard against the cost of security threats.
Get an Application
Claim Scenarios
Product Highlights
Get a QUOTE
Talk to an Agent/ Book a Meeting
Axis Insurance Services / PRODUCTS / Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security
BACK TO PARENT
AXIS INSURANCE SERVICES, LLC: The Privacy & Network Security Insurance Specialists
Get Your Free Cyber Risk Score
Cyber threats affect every profession – from the healthcare industry with online medical records and the use of smart devices, to law firms that have confidential sensitive information in their files that if hacked into can be misused by criminals. In addition, the rise of spear phishing attacks – sending targeted email that appears to come from a trusted source in order to trick the recipient into opening a malicious attachment or visiting a malicious website where malware is downloaded to their computer – combined with business email compromise to get companies to erroneously wire transfer money, employee negligence, and cyber extortion have all made for a very complex cyber security landscape for any business.
Insurance Coverage to Respond to Today’s & Tomorrow’s Risks
At Axis Insurance Services, LLC, we understand the cyber exposures you face and are committed to keeping our pulse on emerging risks as hackers become increasingly more sophisticated in targeting vulnerabilities that exist in our digital and connected world. We work with top-tier, leading insurance companies to deliver cost-effective tailored Cyber Liability solutions that respond to ever-evolving situations that can potentially compromise a company’s customer, patient and employee data, shut down an operation by infecting its network system, and disparage a firm’s reputation.
A Cyber/Privacy & Network Security Liability policy provides business professionals with coverage to cover first- and third-party costs arising from a data breach or theft of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) or information subject to HIPAA regulations. A policy can be designed to cover the defense costs and other expenses for the following:
Network Security – Covers claims made by third parties arising out of a breach of their computer network and data storage units or devices. This includes coverage for both online and offline information, denial of service attacks, and for the failure to prevent the transmission of a virus or malicious code.
Privacy Breach Response Costs – Includes coverage for the reasonable legal fees, public relations fees, advertising, IT/Data forensic services, credit monitoring, notification costs, identity theft restoration, and public relation expenses incurred by the insured in response to a privacy breach.
Network Asset Protection – Coverage for the reasonable and necessary sums required to recover and/or replace data that is compromised, damaged, lost, erased, or corrupted.
Regulatory Defense & Penalties – Coverage for defense costs and fines or penalties for violations of privacy regulations, including but not limited to HIPAA, Red Flags Rule, and the Hi-Tech Act.
Multimedia Insurance – Coverage for both online and offline media, including claims alleging copyright/trademark infringement, libel/slander, false advertising, plagiarism, and personal injury.
Business Interruption – Coverage for income loss or expenses due to a computer system outage or repair.
OBTAIN ANON-LINE CYBER QUOTE
Learn about our product
Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security
Claims Scenarios
Following are several Cyber and Privacy & Network Security claims filed in the past.
See details
Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security
Cyber Hotline/Resources
Axis Insurance Services, LLC provides a free hotline to all our clients whether you purchase Cyber coverage or not.
See details
Cyber Liability/Privacy & Network Security
Why Cyber Liability
All types and size companies are targets of cyber attacks today. Whether you are a large accounting firm or healthcare provider.
See details
PRODUCTS
Tail Coverage Insurance
For nearly two decades, the insurance professionals at Axis Insurance Services, LLC
See details
Contact us about our tailored cyber liability
and privacy & network security solutions.
How can we help you?
Your Cyber Protection Is On Our Agenda
Our mission is to help customers identify and prioritize their Cyber Liability insurance needs, provide the most competitive coverage options available, and offer superior customer service. Each and every business has a distinctly unique set of products or services. We are committed to offering flexible and intelligent coverage solutions tailored to meet our customers’ needs. Put our experience and expertise to work for you. Give us a call at (201) 847-9175.
Agents & Brokers
Please visit our wholesale website for PLRisk for applications for Professional & Management
Liability products for your clients.
View
Connect to Our Cyber Hotline
& Resources
Connect
Schedule a Consultation
Stay tuned with us on social networks!
Talk with us about your Professional Liability Insurance Needs
Fill out your information to get a free cyber risk score
Fill out your information to get a free cyber risk score
Axis Application Form
Top