http://www.squirelocks.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
BACKGROUND:
This website www.squirelocks.co.uk (“Our Site”) uses  Cookies and similar technologies in order to distinguish you from other  users. By using Cookies, We are able to provide you with a better  experience and to improve Our Site by better understanding how you use  it. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully and ensure that you  understand it. Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy is deemed to occur  if you continue using Our Site. If you do not agree to Our Cookie  Policy, please stop using Our Site immediately.
1.  Definitions and Interpretation
1.1   In this Cookie Policy, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Cookie” means a small file placed on your computer or device  by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you  use certain features of Our Site; “Cookie Law” means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 [and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); “personal data” means any and all data that relates to an  identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from  that data, as defined by the EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data  Protection Regulation (“GDPR”); and “We/Us/Our” means Henry Squire & Sons Limited, a limited  company registered in England under company number 88907, whose  registered address is Arbor House, Broadway North, Walsall WS1 2AN, and  whose main trading address is Hilton Cross Business Park, Cannock Road,  Featherstone, WV10 7QZ.
2.   Information About Us
2.1   Our Site is owned and operated by Henry Squire & Sons  Limited, a limited company registered in England under company number  88907, whose registered address is Arbor House, Broadway North, Walsall,  WS1 2AN and whose main trading address is Hilton Cross Business Park,  Cannock Road, Featherstone, WV10 7QZ.
2.2   Our VAT number is 100 1214 65.
2.3   Stephen Watson is in charge of data protection for Us and can  be contacted at Henry Squire & Sons Limited, Hilton Cross Business  Park, Cannock Road, Featherstone, WV10 7QZ.
3.   How Does Our Site Use Cookies?
3.1   Our Site may place and access certain first party Cookies on  your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly  by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve  your experience of Our Site and to provide and improve Our products and  services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to  ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected  at all times.
3.2   All Cookies used by and on Our Site are used in accordance with  current Cookie Law. We may use some or all of the following types of  Cookie:
3.2.1   Strictly Necessary Cookies
A Cookie falls into this category if it is essential to the operation  of Our Site, supporting functions such as logging in, your shopping  basket, and payment transactions.
3.2.2   Analytics Cookies
It is important for Us to understand how you use Our Site, for  example, how efficiently you are able to navigate around it, and what  features you use. Analytics Cookies enable us to gather this  information, helping Us to improve Our Site and your experience of it.
3.2.3   Functionality Cookies
Functionality Cookies enable Us to provide additional functions to  you on Our Site such as personalisation and remembering your saved  preferences. Some functionality Cookies may also be strictly necessary  Cookies, but not all necessarily fall into that category.
3.2.4   Targeting Cookies
It is important for Us to know when and how often you visit Our Site,  and which parts of it you have used (including which pages you have  visited and which links you have visited). As with analytics Cookies,  this information helps us to better understand you and, in turn, to make  Our Site and advertising more relevant to your interests. Some  information gathered by targeting Cookies may also be shared with third  parties.
3.2.5   Persistent Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a persistent Cookie.  Persistent Cookies are those which remain on your computer or device for  a predetermined period and are activated each time you visit Our Site.
3.2.6   Session Cookies
Any of the above types of Cookie may be a session Cookie. Session  Cookies are temporary and only remain on your computer or device from  the point at which you visit Our Site until you close your browser.  Session Cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
3.3   Cookies on Our Site are not permanent and will expire as indicated in the table below.
3.4   For more details of the personal data that We collect and use,  the measures we have in place to protect personal data, your legal  rights, and our legal obligations, please refer to our Privacy Policy .
3.5   For more specific details of the Cookies that We use, please refer to the table below.
4.   What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
4.1   The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Cookie Name/IDCategory Purpose 1st party or 3rd party? Lifespan _gid Analytics Used to distinguish users. 1st party24 hours _ga Analytics Used to distinguish users. 1st party2 years _gat Analytics Used to throttle request rate.If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_. 1st party1 minutes october_session Functionality cookie For store session in encrypted cookies. Estimates our audience size and usage pattern. 1st party2 hours
4.2   Our Site uses analytics services provided by Google. Website  analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous  usage information, enabling Us to better understand how Our Site is  used. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Site and the products and  services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these  Cookies, however, whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your  privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually  improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
4.3   The analytics service used by Our Site uses analytics Cookies to gather the required information.
5.   Consent and Control
5.1   Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will  be shown a pop up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By  giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to  provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you  wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies unless those Cookies are  strictly necessary; however certain features of Our Site may not  function fully or as intended. You will be given the opportunity to  allow and/or deny different categories of Cookie that We use.
5.2   In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to  enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet  browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all  Cookies or only third party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers  accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please  consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that  came with your device.
5.3   The links below provide instructions on how to control Cookies in all mainstream browsers:
5.3.1   Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
5.3.2   Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/278835
5.3.3   Microsoft Edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/products/microsoft-edge (Please note that there are no specific instructions at this time, but Microsoft support will be able to assist)
5.3.4   Safari (macOS): https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?viewlocale=en_GB&locale=en_GB
5.3.5   Safari (iOS): https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265
5.3.6   Mozilla Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-Cookies-website-preferences
5.3.7   Android: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid&hl=en (Please refer to your device’s documentation for manufacturers’ own browsers)
6.   Changes to this Cookie Policy
6.1   We may alter this Cookie Policy at any time. Any such changes  will become binding on you on your first use of Our Site after the  changes have been made.  You are therefore advised to check this page  from time to time.
6.2   In the event of any conflict between the current version of  this Cookie Policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current  and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
7.   Further Information
7.1   If you would like to know more about how We use Cookies, please contact Us at dataprotection@henry-squire.co.uk or by post at Henry Squire & Sons Limited, Unit 2 Hilton Cross  Business Park, Cannock Road, Featherstone, Wolverhampton, WV10 7QZ. For  more information about privacy, data protection and our terms and  conditions, please visit the following:7.1.1   Privacy Policy7.1.2   Terms & Conditions.
Keep me updated with
All News
Security Products
Bikelok
Motolok
Digital Security
All news
sign up
Toughness Guaranteed
+44 1902 308050
info@henry-squire.co.uk
contact us
Sectors
General Security
Inigma
Bikelok
Motolok
Stronghold
About Us
Useful links
Our History
About Squire
Services
Stockists
Fitting Instructions
Downloads
Toughness Guaranteed
Useful links
Contact
FAQs
Our Blog
Videos
Follow us
Copyright © 2020 Squire. All rights reserved.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.