http://www.portfoliorecovery.com/prapay/help/privacy#california-privacy
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC Web Privacy Policy
Effective: July 31, 2020
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC (“PRA”, “we”, “our”, and “us”) respects your concerns about
privacy. This Web Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we obtain on
www.portfoliorecovery.com and PRApay.com (collectively the “Site”), how we use the information,
with whom we share it, and the choices available regarding our use of the information. The Web
Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information and how
you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Unless indicated otherwise, this Web Privacy Policy applies only to information collected in
connection with the Site. This Web Privacy Policy does not apply to the
PRA Group, Inc. website
, which is owned and controlled by PRA Group, Inc. You can read more about the
personal information PRA Group, Inc. obtains in connection with its website by visiting their
Web Privacy Policy.
If you have a financial product or service with us, we will use and share any information that
we collect from or about you in accordance with our U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice,
which offers you certain choices with respect to the use and sharing of your personal information.
Information We Obtain
We obtain certain personal information in connection with the Site, including:
Contact information, such as name, email and postal address, and phone number;
Login credentials, such as user name and password;
Account information and preferences, such as email preferences and paperless registration;
Bank account information, such as account number and routing number;
Payment card information, including card number and expiration date;
Social Security number or other government-issued identifier;
Demographic information, such as date of birth;
Social media handles, content and other data posted on our official social media pages, and
information we obtain from third-party social media services (e.g., Facebook) if you choose
to link to, create or log into the Site through these services;
Documents or other content you upload to the PRA Site and/or through our chat or email
interfaces, such as letter, notices, and supporting material for dispute-related matters
and other concerns or questions you may have relating to your account(s) with PRA; and
Other personal information you submit to us, such as through chat, email, or other
communications, or sign-up forms.
In addition, when you interact with the Site, or open or view our emails, we may obtain certain
information using various automated technologies, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons,
and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or
other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store
information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag
or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and cookies and may be used to transmit information
collected through cookies back to a web server.
We use these automated technologies to collect information about your equipment, browsing
actions, and usage patterns. The information we obtain in this manner may include your IP
address, identifiers associated with your devices, web browser characteristics, device
characteristics, language preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data and dates and
times of visits to the Site. These technologies help us (i) remember your information so you
will not have to re-enter it; (ii) understand how you use and interact with the Site and with
our electronic communications with you such as our emails; (iii) tailor the Site around your
preferences; (iv) measure the usability of the Site and the effectiveness of our communications;
and (v) otherwise manage and enhance the Site and our other services, and help ensure they are
working properly.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to
restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that certain features of the
Site may not work without use of cookies.
How We Use The Information We Obtain
We may use the information we obtain about you to:
Provide our services to you;
Establish and manage your account(s) with us;
Process and fulfill transactions in connection with our services;
Communicate with you (including providing you with offers and other communications about our
services), respond to your inquiries, and offer customer support;
Personalize your experience with the Site and our other services;
Operate, evaluate develop, manage and improve the Site and our business (including
operating, administering, analyzing and improving our services; developing new services;
managing and evaluating the effectiveness of our communications; performing accounting,
auditing, billing reconciliation and collection activities and other internal functions);
Perform analytics (including market research, trend analysis, financial analysis and
anonymization and aggregation of personal information);
Increase and maintain the safety and security of our Site and other services, and prevent
misuse;
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other
liabilities; and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and
policies, including this Web Privacy Policy and our Terms & Conditions.
We also may use the information we obtain about you for other purposes disclosed at the time
your information is collected.
Third-Party Analytics
We may use third-party analytics services on the Site, such as Google Analytics. These analytics
providers that administer these services use automated technologies such as cookies, web server
logs and web beacons to help us analyze your use of the Site. The information collected through
these automated technologies (including IP address) may be disclosed to these analytics
providers who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Site. To learn more about
Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Online Tracking And Interest-Based Advertising
On the Site, we may collect information about your online activities to provide you with
advertising about our services that are tailored to your interests. This section of our Web
Privacy Policy provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
You may see our ads on other websites because we use third-party ad services. Through such ad
services, we can target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred
interests and browsing context. These services track users’ online activities over time and
across multiple websites by collecting information through automated means, including through
the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies. The ad services
use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests. The information
these ad services may collect includes data about your visits to websites that serve PRA
advertisements, such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on the websites. This
data collection takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in
these ad services. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
The Site is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers. To learn
how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the U.S., please visit www.aboutads.info/choices, http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices, and http://preferences-mgr.truste.com.
Information We Share
We may share the information we obtain about you with third-party vendors to perform certain
services on our behalf, such as website hosting, data analytics, payment processing and other
services. We also may share your information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for the
purposes described in this Web Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so by law or
legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (ii) in response to requests by government
agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) to establish, exercise or defend our legal
rights; (iv) to protect, defend or enforce our policies, terms or agreements; (v) when we
believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to address security or to prevent physical or
other harm or financial loss; (vi) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual
illegal activity; or (vii) otherwise with your consent.
We also reserve the right to transfer information we have about you in the event we sell or
transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (such as in the event of a merger,
acquisition, joint venture, consolidation, restructuring, divestiture, dissolution liquidation
or other corporate change), including during the course of any due diligence process.
Security
We maintain administrative, technical safeguards designed to protect the personal
information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss,
alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Children’s Privacy
We recognize the importance of protecting children's online privacy. The Site is intended for a
general audience and is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect personal
information online from children under the age of 13.
Other Online Services And Third-Party Features
For your convenience and information, the Site may contain links or references to other
services, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins. These
online services and third-party features may operate independently from us. The privacy
practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect
about you, is subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you
review. To the extent any linked online services or third-party features are not owned or
controlled by PRA, we are not responsible for these third parties’ information practices.
Changes To This Web Privacy Policy:
This Web Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect
changes in our personal information practices. We will post a notice on our Site to notify you
of significant changes to our Web Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the notice when it
was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Web Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at
pracustomercare@portfoliorecovery.com
Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLCCCPA Privacy Policy Supplement
If you are a California resident, the information in this CCPA Privacy Policy Supplement (“Supplement”) may apply to
you, in addition to our Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC Web Privacy Policy. For clarity, the
information below applies to personal information we collect both on the Site and offline. This Supplement does not
apply to Portfolio Recovery Associates, LLC personnel or job applicants or to information we collect, process or
disclose pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulations or the California Financial Information
Privacy Act. If you have a financial product or service with us, we will use and share any information that we collect
from or about you in accordance with our U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, which offers you certain
choices with respect to the use and sharing of your personal information.
This Supplement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect (and may have collected during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplement) the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad
identifiers and similar technology; unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or
probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, or other similar identifiers
Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Sensory Information: audio, electronic, and similar information
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may use (and may have used during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplement) your personal
information for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy and for the following business purposes
specified in the CCPA:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling
orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing
services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to,
counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured,
manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned,
manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us
Sources of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplement, we may have obtained personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you or your devices, for example, through your use of the Site
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Internet service providers
Operating systems and platforms
Data analytics providers
Sale of Personal Information
We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary consideration. We may allow certain third parties
(such as online advertising services) to collect your personal information via automated technologies on our Sites in
exchange for non-monetary consideration. We share the categories of personal information listed below for online
advertising purposes. You have the right to opt-out of this disclosure of your information, which may be considered a
“sale” under California law.
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplement, we may have sold the following categories of
personal information about you to online advertising services and social networks:
Identifiers
Online Activity
Inferences
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Sharing of Personal Information
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Supplement, we may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.
We may have disclosed the following categories of personal information about you for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Party
Identifiers
Our affiliates and subsidiaries
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Professional services organizations, such as law firms and independent auditors
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Online Activity
Our affiliates and subsidiaries
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Professional services organizations, such as law firms and independent auditors
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Sensory Information
Our affiliates and subsidiaries
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Professional services organizations, such as law firms and independent auditors
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Inferences
Our affiliates and subsidiaries
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
Professional services organizations, such as law firms and independent auditors
Online advertising services and advertising networks
Data analytics providers
In addition to the categories of third parties identified above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date
of this Supplement, we may have shared personal information about you with government entities, such as in response to a
request from law enforcement authorities.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding your personal information, as described below.
Right to Know: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Right to Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
How to Submit a Request. To submit an access or deletion request, click here and follow the instructions provided, or call us at 1-833-332-5865. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, click the Do Not Sell My Personal Information link at the bottom of this page or call us at 1-833-332-5865.
To submit a request as an authorized agent on behalf of a consumer, click here and follow the instructions or contact us at pracustomercare@portfoliorecovery.com
and provide us with a copy of the signed permission from the California consumer that authorizes you to act on the consumer’s behalf.
For questions or concerns about our privacy policies and practices, please contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy.
Verification. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request.
Accountholders: If you have an account with us through which we provide you with a financial service, this CCPA Privacy Policy
Supplement does not apply to you. We use and share any information that we collect from or about you in accordance with
our U.S. Consumer Privacy Notice, which offers you certain choices with
respect to the use and sharing of your personal information.
Non-Accountholders: If you do not have an account with us, then there is no reasonable method by which we can verify your identity to the
level of certainty required by the CCPA. The reason for this is that we do not link information we may collect about
non-accountholders (e.g., IP addresses, device identifiers or other information collected through automated means) to
named actual persons. Accordingly, if you do not have an account with us, and you request access to or deletion of your
personal information, we will not be able to process your request at this time.
Additional Information. If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Modal Title
Template to be used for all modals.
Close
OK
Modal Title
Close
OK
Template to be used for campaign modals.
Live Chat