http://www.auriga.com/auriga-cookies-policy/
Contact Us
COVID-19
PROJECTS
CAREERS
BLOG
CONTACTS
Industry
Healthcare
Automotive
Software & High-Tech
Telecom
Media
Finance
Public Sector
Expertise
System-level & Embedded
Simulation
Enterprise
Test automation
Web-apps Development
Mobile-apps development
Cloud
Big data
Internet of Things
Computer Vision
Model
Dedicated Development Centers
Fixed-Price & T&M
Agile Models
Build-Operate-Transfer
Company
About
Management
History
Customers
Locations
Join Us
Auriga Baltics
EN
LT
RU
Auriga Cookies Policy
Like most websites, our site uses cookies. On this page we explain more about cookies and how we use them. By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About cookies
Cookies are tiny files, often including unique identifiers, that are sent by web servers to web browsers, and which may then be sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website, and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies on Auriga’s website
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website.
How we use cookies
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. The cookies used on the website include those which are strictly necessary cookies for access and navigation, cookies that track usage (performance cookies), remember your choices (functionality cookies), and cookies that provide you with targeted content or advertising.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
to recognise your computer when you visit the website
to track you as you navigate the website, and to enable the use of any e-commerce facilities
to improve the website’s usability
to analyse the use of the website
in the administration of the website
to personalise the website for you, including targeting advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
Third party cookies
When you use the website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The IP address will be truncated before transmission. On our behalf Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet activity in connection with the use of the website. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition to that you may prevent the collection of the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including you IP address) and the processing of this data by Google if you download and install the browser plug-in available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
You can find further information on Google Analytics on http://www.google.com. Further information on Google’s Privacy Policy can be found under the address http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html#information.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy”, and selecting “Block all cookies” using the sliding selector;
in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, and un-checking “Accept cookies from sites” in the “Privacy” box.
in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking “Options”, “Under the hood”, Content Settings in the “Privacy” section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on the website (log on, access content, use search functions).
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer:
in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files;
in Firefox, you can delete cookies by, first ensuring that cookies are to be deleted when you “clear private data” (this setting can be changed by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Settings” in the “Private Data” box) and then clicking “Clear private data” in the “Tools” menu.
in Google Chrome you can adjust your cookie permissions by clicking “Options”, “Under the hood”, Content Settings in the “Privacy” section. Click on the Cookies tab in the Content Settings.
Doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Contact us
The website is owned and operated by Auriga Inc.
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please email: pr@auriga.com or use our Contact Form.
Auriga’s web-site uses cookies to optimise site functionality and give you the best possible
experience.
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. However, if you would
like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
Learn More
Continue
×
×
Auriga
×
Contact us
×
Thank you for your interest in Auriga.
To get the right information shortly, please fill in
the form below – and our specialist will contact you.
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]
Contact us
×
Thank you for your interest in Auriga.
To get the right information shortly, please fill in the form below – and our specialist will contact you.
200
Auriga
×
Subscribe
×
Thank you for your interest in Auriga. To subscribe to our newsletter, please fill in the form below.
Give feedback
Please, help us improve our website
×
ONE most helpful thing on the page
0/100
ONE thing you would change on the page
0/100
Did you find everything you were looking for today?
Looking for service?
Looking for job?