http://www.dialectaccentspecialists.com/privacy-policy/
What Do We Do With Your Information
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Consent
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, or arrange for a delivery, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at brian@bdaley.com or mailing us at:
Dialect Accent Specialists, Inc.
7048 Timberrose Way
Roseville, CA, 95747
United States
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Servers
Your data is stored on our servers, data storage, and databases. We do not store your credit card data.
Payment: When using direct payment gateways to complete your purchase, the gateway stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
Third-Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links: When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Cookies
We use two main types of cookies on this website. The first are “necessary cookies” for the general function of this website. For example, these cookies allow you to do things like add/remove items from your shopping cart and complete purchases. The second set of cookies provide anonymous, aggregated behavioral data about our users. We use this data improve the overall user-experience of our website. We do not sell this data.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions and Contact Information
If you would like to  access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at brian@bdaley.com or by mail at Dialect Accent Specialists, Inc.
[attn: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[7048 Timberrose Way, Roseville, CA, 95747, United States]
Terms and Conditions
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Download Help
Dialect Accent Specialists
HomeProducts
Learning Accents for Actors | Low-Cost, Fun, Easy Audio Lessons by Renowned Coach, Dr. David Alan SternForeign Language Accent ReductionAmerican Regional Accent Reduction | Fun, Low-Cost Audios by Renowned Coach, Dr. David Alan SternImprove your Voice and Speech Back
Services
Social-Distance Lessons: Learn/Reduce Accents via ZOOM or SKYPEDavid Alan Stern Campus Visits/ResidenciesProduction Dialect Coaching for Stage-TV-FilmBlog Back
About
David Alan SternInterviews with David Back
Contact