http://www.sturdi-built.com/online-privacy-policy/
Sturdi-built Greenhouse Manufacturing Privacy Policy
Effective: 04/3/2018
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This notice explains our online information practices and choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice is available throughout our website.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Sturdi-built Greenhouse Manufacturing website where you can order products, make requests and register to receive materials. Personal information collected at these pages includes, but is not limited to: name, address, email address, phone number, and the information of others for the purpose of gifts to be sent directly to the recipient including the recipient’s name, address, email address and phone number.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself, your contractors or your clients when placing an order only to complete the order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use email and mailing addresses to answer the questions or comments we receive.  We use email and mail addresses to share greenhouse solutions with you. Such addresses are not shared with outside or third parties.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and directly from you.
How you can Access or Correct Your Information
To access or correct your information, please call us at 800-334-4115 or send us an email at sturdi@sturdi-built.com.
How to Contact Us
Any questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 800-334-4115 or send us an email at sturdi@sturdi-built.com.
Learn More Bayliss Solar Roof Vent Openers
Planning for Your Greenhouse
An Energy Efficient Greenhouse
Greenhouse Vegetable Gardening
Replacing an old Greenhouse
Sturdi-Built Privacy Policy
Warranty and Returns Policy
Links to Related Services
Visit Us If you’re in the Portland, Oregon area, make an appointment to see our showroom for 2021!
11304 S.W. Boones Ferry Road
Portland, OR
97219
503-244-4100
or 800-334-4115
Get directions >
Our Nantucket Greenhouse, equipped with all of Sturdi-Built's add-on accessories.
Contact Us
Sturdi-Built Greenhouse Manufacturing
503-244-4100
800-334-4115
Mon–Fri, 8:00am to 5:00pm PST
Sturdi@Sturdi-Built.com
Search for:
Greenhouse Kits
Trillium Greenhouse Kits
Tudor Greenhouse Kits
Deluxe Greenhouse Kits
Garden Deluxe Greenhouse Kits
Tropic Greenhouse Kits
Solite Greenhouse Kits
Nantucket Greenhouse Kits
Garden Sunroom Greenhouse Kits
Portland Web Design - Watermelon Web Works LLC