http://www.cwc-services.com/information/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - CWC Services
Saturday, 10 October 2020
#CovidUK analysis #NHS #EPPR #EPRR https://t.co/cGP93mdfYJ
Products & ServicesNewsInformationPrices & OrderContact
HomeInformationPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page contains information about our Privacy Policy. For more information about our Data Protection Policy please click here.
We at CWC Services are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy, cookie and comment policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out below.
CWC Services may change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st January 2013 and was last updated on the 1st January 2017.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or identify when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
All the cookies we use on this website do not collect personal data about you and they cannot identify you as an individual. Any data collected from or about your visit to this website in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you other than the data you choose to share with us.
We use performance cookies (Google Analytics) so that we can understand how people access our website, identify which pages are being visited and monitor which pages people find useful and which they do not. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. The performance cookies do not collect information that identifies you as a visitor to this website or your individual user behaviour. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics generates anonymous statistical and other information about website use by means of first party cookies which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookies relating to our website (including your IP address) is used to identify how people access the website and which pages are being visited, to measure visitor statistics and to create reports about the use and activity of the website and its content.
Although Google Analytics collects your IP address in order to provide us with a sense of where in the world our website visitors come from, Google Analytics does not report the actual IP address information to us. Details of how Google Analytics uses cookies and what cookies are set and used by Google Analytics are available here.
The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google Inc on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics’ privacy policy is available here.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. If you do not want to receive cookies, you can change your browser to notify you when cookies are sent and then refuse cookies from certain websites (or altogether). You can also delete cookies from your browser. However, please note that, if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
You can find out more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org
Email tracking
If you sign up to subscribe to our mailing list via our contact or order pages, the email communications you receive may be trackable at an individual level, allowing us to determine, for example, opens and link clicks. We use this information purely for reporting purposes, to measure the success of our emails and assess the effectiveness of communications so that we can improve them to better meet your needs.
You can unsubscribe from email communications at any time using the unsubscribe link contained in each email or by emailing
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you use these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. We cannot therefore be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and they are not governed by this privacy policy. If in doubt, exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
Data we collect
Minimum data is requested via our secure contact and order forms. We also provide other means of contact (email, phone and social media) should you prefer. Data gathered through forms is not held on this website's servers. All such data is communicated via email directly to the relevant departments and personnel within the Company.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, technological and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict or delete the collection or use of your personal information by emailing
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to any third party organisation unless we have your permission or are required to by law. We may use your email address to email you information about our products and services which we think you may find of interest, if you have granted us permission to do so. In the event that you have not granted permission, and we email such information in error, click the relevant link in the email to be removed from our mailing list, or let us know and we'll make sure it doesn't happen again.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to CWC Services, 1A Queensgate, Lipson, Plymouth PL4 7PW.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us at the above address or email us at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
More Information Product In-Depth
EDISLog BooksTriage / Cruciform®Evacuation SystemPriority Cleaning SystemFirstaidform©Major Emergency PlanGeneral Information
About paper storageClient ListUseful linksOur HistoryContact UsPrivacy PolicyData Protection PolicyPrices & Order Back to Products
Contact Us | Privacy Policy
© CWC Services 2020 on all site content unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved.
CWC Services is a trading name of QGS Holdings Ltd.
Cruciform® is a registered trade mark and a registered design.
All products featured are produced exclusively by CWC Services worldwide and have been under copyright since 1990.
Website built and maintained by Queensgate Studios