https://www.photofab.co.uk/about/policies/privacy-policy/
×
Home
Company
About
Senior Management
Associated Companies
Customer Service
Account Managers
Customer Pledge
FAQs
Policies
Approvals and Accreditations
Case Studies
Latest news
Newsletter
Products
Electrical connectors and electronic contacts & connectors
Encoder Discs and Actuators
Filters, Meshes, Screens & Grids
Gaskets & Seals
Masks and Stencils
Metal Fuel Cell Plates
Metal Laminations
EMI / RFI Shielding Products
Metal Shims and Spacers
Formed and Flat Springs
Formed Components
Product Gallery
Our Services
Chemical Milling / Chemical Etching
Chemical Etching – Benefits
Chemical Etching – Design Guidelines
Chemical Etching – Process Tour
Chemical Etching – Tabbing Guidelines
Metals Suitable for Chemical Etching
Metal Forming & Tooling Manufacture
Plating
Laser Cutting
Metal Stamping
Far East Supply Chain
Prototyping to High Volume
Electronic File Handling
Photo Etching
Sectors
Aerospace and Defence
Automotive
Automotive R&D
Engine Management
Fuel Cell Plates
Communications
Electronics
Life Sciences
Medical
Optical
Product Development
Scientific
Contact
24 hour quote
Prototyping
24 hour rapid turnaround
Photofab
Privacy policy
Home » About » Policies » Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Photofab uses and protects any information that you give Photofab when you use this website.
Photofab is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Photofab may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st July 2012.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job titleContact information including email addressDemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsOther information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Name of cookieType of cookieReason for cookieDescriptionPHPSESSID1st /PersistentTrack Page VisitsA random Session ID is created for each new visitor. Functionality, maintaining account details and preferences are controlled by session cookies_UTMZ1st /PersistentAnalyticsExtracts the following information- where the visitor came from, what search engine they
used, what link they clicked on, what keyword they used and where in the world they accessed a website._UTMA1st /PersistentAnalyticsKeeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site, when their first visit and last visits were_UTMC1st /PersistentAnalyticsWorks with UTMB_ to determine how long the visitor spends on the site_UTMB1st /PersistentAnalyticsWorks with UTMC_ to determine how long the visitor spends on the site
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@photofab.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Learn more
EnquiryGet a quotePrototyping24hr rapid turnaround
How did you find us?
Search EngineEmail MarketingSocial MediaAdvertisementRecommendationNetworking eventWord of MouthOther
Upload any supporting files here
Upload Limit: 2mb. File Types: jpeg, png, pdf, dxf.
Privacy Statement
Here at Photofab we take privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide news, products and services that may be of interest. If you consent to us contacting you for this purpose please tick below:
Yes, I agree to the privacy statement.
Keep up to date
Photofab can bring your chemical etching project to life, call us today on 01480 226699 or contact us using the form. Join us on social media for the latest news and updates
Get a quote
Components, forming & high volume prototyping
Prototyping
Find out more about our precision prototyping service
24hr rapid turnaround
Contact us now to find out more
Quality Policy
CSR Statement
Privacy Policy
Environmental Policy
Energy and Water Policy
RoHS and REACH Legislation
Quality Policy
This statement is issued on the authority of the Quality Manager and is approved by the Managing Director in order to define the Quality Policy of Photofab Ltd. The Quality Policy of Photofab Ltd is: To ensure that the specified requirements of customers are fully understood and can be achieved.To supply products and services which satisfy formally specified and agreed …
Read More
CSR Statement
As an international business, Photofab aims to conduct its business in a socially responsible manner, and to respect the needs of employees, customers, suppliers, regulators and other stakeholders. Photofab endeavours to conduct its business in accordance with established best practice regulation. The company aims to be a responsible employer and adopt values and standards designed to help guide our staff …
Read More
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Photofab uses and protects any information that you give Photofab when you use this website. Photofab is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used …
Read More
Environmental Policy
Photofab Ltd is committed to the protection of the environment through safe working practices and continual improvement.  The Company shall comply and maintain the environmental standard to BS EN ISO 14001:2015. This policy applies to all company technical products and services under the scope of registration BS EN ISO 14001:2015 “Manufacture of bespoke metal components through photo etching / chemical …
Read More
Energy and Water Policy
Policy Statement In line with our Environmental Management System and Policy, Photofab Ltd is committed to minimising our energy and water consumption and the impact our business has on the environment from these aspects. A commitment has been made that the company will improve energy and water use efficiency by reviewing energy and water consumption at regular intervals and implement …
Read More
RoHS and REACH Legislation
What is RoHS? The RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) Directive 2002/95/EC came into force on 1st July 2006 and restrict the use of certain hazardous substances in electronic and electrical equipment within the European Market. Although it is also widely referred to as the ‘Lead Free Directive’, this is only one of the six restricted substances listed below: Hazardous Substance …
Read More
If you can draw it, we can make it in thin sheet metal.
Get a quote
FAQs
Contact
Get a quote
Prototyping
Free Samples
×
×
New product gallery
View the new product gallery now, select a category and click on an image to view in detail.
Visit the gallery
No Thanks