http://www.uniroyaltires.com/homepage/terms-of-use
TERMS OF USE
Thank you for visiting this www.Uniroyal.com website ("Site"). Please read carefully these Terms of Use before using this Site. By using this Site you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site. We may revise these Terms of Use at any time and without notice to you. Please check the effective date of any amendments at the bottom of this page.
INTENDED AUDIENCE/USE:
MNA, Inc. provides this Site for the lawful use of MNA's customers, employees, and members of the general public who are over the age of 13 and are citizens of the United States. MNA, Inc. makes no representation that the materials and products contained or displayed on this Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access the Site from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
USE OF WEB SITE CONTENT:
MNA, Inc. trademarks and copyrighted materials are contained on this website, including trade names, logos, photographs, documents and software. You are only authorized to use this material for personal, non-commercial purposes, including downloading and printing of materials, provided this copyright permission notice is included in all such printed copies. No rights or licenses to the material or any portion thereof shall be granted or implied, and you may not modify the material in any way without the prior written permission of MNA, Inc. We enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
If you intend to use any of the materials on this Site for other than private, non-commercial purposes, you must first obtain written permission from MNA, Inc.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES:
This Site may provide links to third-party websites or resources. These links are provided solely as a convenience for you. MNA, Inc. has no control over these websites and resources and makes no endorsement or representation about these websites, or the accuracy of the information and materials, advertising, products, services, or the results that you may obtain by their use. If you decide to access such third-party websites, you agree to do so entirely at your own risk.
DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF REMEDIES:
We endeavor to provide accurate and up-to-date information on this Site. The entire Site is provided to you on an "AS IS" basis, and any use of this Site is entirely at your own risk. We make no representations or warranties, express or implied with respect to this Site or its operation. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. In no event, including but not limited to negligence, shall MNA, Inc. be liable for any damages, including consequential damages arising out of the use or inability to use this Site. The information provided at this Site is of a general nature. Tire usage recommendations may be affected by factors such as geographic locale, vehicle age and condition, and personal driving habits. Please consult your authorized tire dealer or representative before making any purchasing decisions.
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
MNA, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information. Please consult our United States Privacy Policy.
LEGAL:
The use of this Site and these Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws and of the State of South Carolina without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws.
AMENDMENTS:
These Terms of Use became effective on December 2, 2004. Any amendments will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted.