http://www.stormloader.com/privacy.html
SIGN UP!
LOGIN
SUPPORT
CONTACT US
CHEAP HOST
Stormloader Network Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Stormloader
Network, owned and produced by Stormloader, Inc. and its subsidiary
and affiliate corporations, successors, and assigns (collectively referred
to as "Stormloader"). The "Stormloader Network," which may expand or
change from time to time, are made available subject to this Privacy
Policy. This statement discloses the privacy practices of the Stormloader
Network. By using the Products and Services, you agree, without limitation
or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy or any other privacy
or data collection policy applicable to any individual Stormloader Network
web site.
This policy may be updated from time to time so please check back periodically.
1. What information of yours does the Stormloader Network collect?
The goal of the
Stormloader Network is to be your favorite destination on the Internet
by providing you with the information, services and product offerings
that are most relevant to you. To achieve this goal, the Stormloader
Network needs to collect information to understand what differentiates
you from its millions of other unique users. We collect two types of
information from you, "anonymous information" and "personally identifiable
information." Anonymous information refers to information that cannot
be tied back to a specific individual. Each time a visitor comes to
a Stormloader Network site, Stormloader collects some information to
improve the overall quality of the visitor's online experience. Stormloader
collects the visitor's IP address (e.g., whether the user is logged
on from a .com, .gov or .edu domain), referral data (e.g., the address
of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to a Stormloader
Network site), and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser
on a Macintosh platform). Stormloader also collects aggregate search
terms from search services for internal reporting and targeted advertising.
Stormloader collects this user information for purposes of product monitoring,
product improvement, and targeted advertising.
In addition to this anonymous data, Stormloader may also collect personally
identifiable information. Personally identifiable information refers
to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your
name and postal address. Wherever and whenever Stormloader collects
personal information through registration we make an effort to include
a link to this Privacy Policy on that page. If you contact the Stormloader
Network, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We do not collect
any e-mail addresses of those who communicate with the Stormloader Network
via e-mail. We use the information provided so that we may respond to
the e-mail.
2. What are "cookies" and how does Stormloader use them?
In addition to the personally identifiable information that Stormloader
collects, we also collect information "anonymously" using "cookies."
Presently, "cookies" play an important role in making the Internet work,
but there is much confusion among Internet users about what cookies
are and how they are used. A cookie is a small text file containing
a unique identification number that is transferred from a web site to
the hard drive of your computer so that the web site may identify you
and track your activities on the web site. This unique number identifies
your browser-- but not you -- to Stormloader computers whenever you
visit one of the sites in the Stormloader Network. A cookie will not
let a web site know any personally identifiable information about you,
such as your real name and address. Stormloader is not generally interested
in any one individual and does not collect personally identifiable information
about any one person using cookies. The coding in the cookies Stormloader
sets lets us know that you are using a particular computer but nothing
more. Since cookies are only text files, they cannot run on your computer,
search your computer for other information or transmit any information
to anyone.
To help serve you better Stormloader generally uses cookies to: Help
us remember who you are through your browser settings so that Stormloader
can offer and provide personalized services. Stormloader uses cookies
to store and sometimes track information about whom has done and seen
what across our Network of sites. Cookies also allow us to save passwords
and preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the
next time you visit. Help merchants in Stormloader Shop track business
at their stores and process orders in individual shopping carts; Measure
traffic patterns. Without cookies, it could be difficult for Stormloader
to know that certain services are more popular than others are. This
information helps us to better understand when to open up new services.
Estimate audience size. Cookies help us know whether or not users have
seen particular displays, including advertising, so we do not bore you
with the same material over and over again. Displaying advertisements.
Third party advertising networks for Stormloader may issue cookies when
serving advertisements.
The use of cookies is now an industry standard, and you will find them
used on most major web sites. Most browsers are initially set up to
accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to
notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies.
You should understand that while Stormloader does not require you to
use cookies, however certain sites will not function properly if you
set your browser to not accept cookies.
3. What organization is collecting the information?
When you register information in any Internet domain of the Stormloader
Network, that information is generally collected and maintained solely
by the Stormloader Network unless specifically stated otherwise at the
point of collection. If data is collected and/or maintained by any company
other than the Stormloader Network, we will tell you at the point of
collection. If you do not want to share your information with that company,
you can choose not to use that service. Please see the Section entitled
"With whom does the Stormloader Network share information that is collected?"
for a more complete list of companies that Stormloader works with to
provide you Products and Services.
Stormloader runs many promotions and sweepstakes across its Network.
These promotions may be sponsored or co-sponsored by third parties.
Data collected during a promotion is typically shared with the sponsor
or co-sponsor. Stormloader will inform you at the point of collection
whether or not we are sharing your personal data as a result of your
participation in a promotion or sweepstakes. If you do not want to have
the Stormloader Network share your data, you can choose not to participate
in the promotion or sweepstakes.
Be aware that Stormloader Network sponsors and other advertisers have
links on our sites that take you to other sites that may collect personally
identifiable information about you. Stormloader hopes that all third
parties involved adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our
users. However, this Stormloader Network Privacy Policy does not cover
third party data collection practices and the Stormloader Network does
not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties.
We use third-party
advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. Our
third-party advertising company also separately places or recognizes
a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements
to this Site. These companies may use information (not including your
name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to
this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services of interest to you. If you would like more information
about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies, please click
here.
4. How does the
Stormloader Network use the information it collects?
Any personal information you provide to Stormloader when registering
for Products and Services at any of its Network sites is maintained
and accessible only by the Stormloader Network unless specifically stated
otherwise. Stormloader requests information from its users so that users
can enjoy customized experiences across the Stormloader Network, including
personalization services, interactive communications, games, online
shopping and many other types of content and services. Most of these
Products and Services are free to you. In order to provide great content
and services free of charge, Stormloader displays advertisements.
For instance, if you told the Stormloader Network that you were interested
in receiving offers or information from selected Stormloader Network
sponsors and advertisers, Stormloader will send you email about products
and services that we feel may be of interest to you. For those who elect
to receive such materials from Stormloader or third parties, and who
indicate that they do in their profile, Stormloader will release personally
identifiable information. Information released includes name, e-mail
address and other information supplied in the Stormloader Network registration
process. The Stormloader Network sometimes uses an individual registered
user's data to "pre-populate" forms that are displayed for the purpose
of collecting individual data by the Stormloader Network and/or its
advertisers and sponsors. If you enter a sweepstakes or a contest on
the Stormloader Network, we will use the information you provided to
contact you in the event you win. Law enforcement or judicial authorities
may require Stormloader to provide information on individual users to
the appropriate governmental authorities.
5. With whom does the Stormloader Network share the information that
is collected?
In order to provide you with content and services that match your interests,
the Stormloader Network has relationships with many of the best services
and content companies. Many of these services also require registration
to make them function properly. You can recognize most of these sites
by the joint branding of Stormloader and such companies. You should
make every effort to read the individual privacy policies of the partners,
and make an informed decision on your own whether or not to continue
based upon these sites' privacy practices and your own discretion. You
may opt-out of sharing your information with such partners by choosing
not to use that service or content.
You will find direct links on our site to sites offered by third parties.
Some of these sites are authorized to use the Stormloader Network brands
and/or logos. No third party sites are covered by this privacy policy.
If you feel that a site using a Stormloader Network brand and/or logo
does not follow an acceptable privacy policy, please contact the Stormloader.
6. How can you access, edit or delete your information?
The Stormloader Network provides its registered users the ability to
access and edit the personal information in their user profiles. Currently,
to access and edit your personal information, you have to go to the
specific Stormloader Network site where you registered.
7. What is the opt-out policy for the Stormloader Network?
The Stormloader Network offers you the ability to opt-out of receiving
information on Stormloader Network updates and new services, as well
as direct mail offers from selected Stormloader Network partners and
sponsors. This is done at the point of initial collection of information
and during the editing or updating process. The instructions to opt
out of most Stormloader Network email newsletters and direct mail communications
are the same as the instructions listed above for editing user information
profiles. In addition, all Stormloader Network newsletters and direct
email communications have easy-to-follow unsubscribe instructions at
the bottom.
8. What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect against
the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
The Stormloader Network has security measures in place to attempt to
protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under
our control. Only authorized employees have access to the information
you provide us with. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or
alteration to data will not occur, we make every effort to prevent such
unfortunate occurrences. Any other particularly sensitive information,
such as your credit card number collected for a commerce transaction
at Stormloader Shop or to purchase premium services, is encrypted prior
to transmission.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your Stormloader
Network ID and password. Please take care when using and storing them.
Stormloader recommends that you do not divulge your password to anyone.
You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session
to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence,
especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a
computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
9. The Stormloader Network notice regarding the Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)?
The Stormloader Network, in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act (COPPA) of 1998, provides notice to parents of children
under 13 that:
The Stormloader Network may collect personal information from children
under 13 years of age in order to provide them with access to services
and content on the Stormloader Network; The Stormloader Network needs
the consent of parents or guardians to collect, use and disclose personally
identifiable information about children under 13; The Stormloader Network
has created a mechanism by which parents and guardians can provide consent;
The Stormloader Network may not require children under 13 to disclose
more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity
as a condition of participation; The Stormloader Network has created
a mechanism by which parents or guardians can, upon verification, review
their children's personal information, ask to have that information
deleted, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of their
children's personal information.
The Stormloader Network encourages parents and guardians to spend time
online with their children and to participate in the activities offered
on the sites that they visit. No information should be submitted to
or posted at the Stormloader Network by visitors and registered users
under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian.
The Stormloader Network does not knowingly permit children under the
age of 13 to register without the verifiable consent of their parents
or guardians.
10. What you can do to better protect yourself on the Internet?
Know the risks. When you communicate with others online, you should
be aware that, when disclosing personal information such as one's actual
name, member name, e-mail address, etc., on a web page, in a newsgroup,
chat room or forum, that information may be collected and used by others
to send that person unsolicited e-mail from other parties, outside the
Stormloader Network. Some of the e-mail you receive may be useful to
you, but some may not. In an effort to curtail unsolicited e-mail, Stormloader
blocks certain e-mail addresses and domains from sending e-mail communications
to e-mail addresses at our domains.
Educate yourself. Search the Web for as much information as you can
about how to protect your privacy. Look for a privacy statement in the
sites you visit. A good place to start is TRUSTe -- an independent,
non-profit privacy initiative dedicated to building users' trust and
confidence in the Internet. Please visit the Federal Trade Commission's
web site and read information on being an informed Internet Traveler
and other privacy initiatives. Additional privacy resources can be found
at by clicking on any of the following links:
The Privacy Rights Clearinghouse
http://www.privacyrights.org/
Center for Democracy and Technology
http://www.cdt.org/privacy/
Data Privacy
http://www.cdt.org/privacy/guide/
Guide to Online Privacy Direct Marketing Association (DMA)
http://www.the-dma.org/
Electronic Frontier Foundation - non-profit dedicated to protecting
public interest in online privacy.
http://www.eff.org EPIC.org
(Electronic Privacy Information Center)
http://www.epic.org
Georgetown Internet Privacy Study
http://www.msb.edu/faculty/culnanm/gippshome.html
NetCoalition.com
http://www.netcoalition.com
Network Advertising Initiative
http://www.networkadvertising.org/
Online Privacy Alliance
http://www.privacyalliance.org/
Tell your children: "Never talk to strangers!" While the Stormloader
Network works hard to protect children on its sites, Stormloader cannot
protect their privacy once they leave. Please teach children to not
give out their names or other personal information to anyone on the
Internet. They should also be instructed not to fill out any forms or
register at any website without your knowledge and consent. Take advantage
of the online resources for parents available on the Stormloader Network,
such as SearchGuard and GetNetWise.
Use PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) http://www.pgp.com
or another encryption program.
Copyright © 2000 Online Cities, Inc. Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Standard Advertising Terms and Conditions.
Login  |
Support  |
Advertising  |
Contact Us  |
Billing Terms  |
Report Abuse  |
Privacy Policy
©2020 BlueHost Coupons by StormLoader