http://www.dutrac.org/disclosurespolicies
Disclosures/Policies
DuTrac Community Credit Union is committed to preserving and protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This commitment is a fundamental mission of your Credit Union.
DuTrac Community maintains strong security controls to ensure that your information is protected and consistently monitors and improves upon the verification process to protect against unauthorized access to personal information.
Member Advantage
Privacy Disclosure
Children’s Online Privacy Policy
Bill Pay Disclosure
PC Branch Agreement and Disclosure
Mobile Deposit Capture
In-House Loans
Secondary Market Loans
ATIRAgift Visa Debit Card Terms and Conditions
DuTrac Fees
DuTrac Membership Guide Update effective July 1, 2020 re: Section 37 of Membership and Account Agreement
DuTrac Regulation CC Update Effective July 31, 2020
Member Advantage
Minimum floor rate applies. Offer only on secured consumer loans from another financial institution transferred to DuTrac . Loan payments must be current and standard credit criteria apply. Does not apply to real estate, home equity, business loans, credit cards, share secured loans or lines of credit.
To qualify for membership at DuTrac Community Credit Union you must meet certain eligibility requirements. Member Advantage offer applies to secured consumer loans brought into DuTrac Community Credit Union from another financial institution. Loan approval is subject to DuTrac’s normal underwriting guidelines and some restrictions apply. Loan payments must be current and standard credit criteria apply. Does apply to real estate, home equity, business loans, credit cards, share secured loans or lines of credit. Your savings may vary depending on remaining balance, term of the loan and APR (Annual Percentage Rate) you are currently paying. Contact a financial services consultant for the current minimum rate available for this program.
What Members Can Do To Help
DuTrac Community Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of its members. Members can help by following simple guidelines:
Protect your account numbers, card numbers, PINs (personal identification numbers) and passwords.
Never keep your PIN with your CheckCard, ATM card or credit card that can provide free access to your accounts if your card is lost or stolen.
Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, social security numbers, etc. to other persons. If someone calls you, explains the call is on behalf of the credit union and asks for your account number, you should be cautious. Official credit union staff will have access to your information and will not need to ask for it.
Keep your information with us current. It is important that we have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account, we will attempt to contact you immediately. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know.
Let us know if you have questions. Please do not hesitate to call us – we are here to serve you!
Children’s Online Privacy Policy
This is how we will handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website. The information we receive depends upon what you do when visiting our site.
If you visit our site to read or download information:
We collect and store only the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account); the date and time you access our site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
We use the information we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
If you identify yourself by sending an email:
You also may decide to send us personally identifying information in an electronic mail message.  We will respond to your  email as appropriate and may keep your email address for the purpose of sending information pertinent to DuTrac Community Credit Union.
Although we may retain your email address we will not sell, give, or in any way share, your personally identifying information to any third party vendor or to any other organization.
Bill Pay Disclosure
This agreement governs the use of your Online Bill Pay Service.  By enrolling in Bill Pay, you hereby authorize DuTrac Community Credit Union to make payments on your behalf by debiting the designated checking account and transferring the funds to the designated merchant accounts as indicated. The agreements, rules, and regulations applicable to your checking, savings accounts and other accounts, serviced by your credit union, remain in effect and continue to be applicable, except as specifically stated in this agreement.
Disclosure of Procedures and Fees
By accepting this agreement, you will be billed for the Online Bill Pay service based on the following fee plan.
Online BillPay is a FREE SERVICE.  There are no monthly fees or per items fees for using the service.  You should also sign up for and use online e-statements, also a free online service from DuTrac Community!
When scheduling payments, please allow three business days for an electronic payment and seven business days if paying by check.  (Choose a payment date at least three days prior to the due date on your bill when paying electronically.)
Scheduled payments that fall on a Saturday or Sunday will be paid on Monday.
Open payee enrollment gives members unlimited capacity to add payees.  In order to establish a level of quality control, your payees will be notified.  Successful notification can take up to four days.  Therefore, when setting up a payment for a new payee, please wait until the Payee Status reads “available”.
Fees described above apply to the use of Internet Bill Pay.  Additional fees may be incurred for late payments or insufficient funds on your account.  These fees are $32.50 per item. There is no limit to the number of payees and/or payments that you can set up using this service.
PC Branch Agreement and Disclosure
This PC Branch Agreement and Disclosure (“Agreement”) is the contract which covers your and our rights and responsibilities concerning the PC Branch services offered to you by DuTrac (“DuTrac Community Credit Union”). The PC Branch service permits you to electronically initiate account transactions involving your accounts and communicate with DuTrac Community Credit Union. In this Agreement, the words “you”, “your” and “yours” mean those who request and use PC Branch, any joint owners of accounts accessed under this Agreement or any authorized users of this service. The words “we,” “us,” and “our” mean the Financial Institution. The word “account” means any one or more accounts you have with DuTrac Community Credit Union. By requesting and using the PC Branch service, each of you, jointly and severally, agree to the terms and conditions in this Agreement, and any amendments.
PC Branch Service
Account Access
If we approve your application for the PC Branch service, you may use your personal computer to access your accounts. You must use your access code along with your account number to access your accounts. The PC Branch service is accessible seven (7) days a week, twenty-four (24) hours a day. You will need a personal computer, direct dial modem and access to the Internet (World Wide Web). You are responsible for the installation, maintenance and operation of any software and your computer.  DuTrac Community Credit Union will not be responsible for any errors or failures involving any telephone service, Internet service, software installation or your computer.
Types of Transactions
At the present time, you may use the PC Branch service to:
Transfer funds between your checking, savings and loan accounts.
Transfer funds to accounts of other members you authorize for any of your accounts.
Review account balance, transaction history and tax information for any of your checking, savings or loan accounts.
Request a withdrawal from any checking, savings, or loan account by check mailed to you.
Conduct other transactions permitted by DuTrac Community Credit Union.
Communicate with DuTrac Community Credit Union using the electronic mail (“Email”) feature.
Transactions involving your deposit accounts, including checking account stop payment requests, will be subject to the terms of your account agreement and transactions involving a line of credit account will be subject to your loan agreement and disclosures, as applicable.
Service Limitations
The following limitations on PC Branch transactions may apply in using the services listed above:
1.  Transfers
You may make funds transfers to other accounts of yours as often as you like. However, transfers and bill payments from a savings or a money market account will be limited to a total of six (6) in any one month. You may transfer or withdraw up to the available balance in your account or up to the available credit limit on a line of credit at the time of the transfer, except as limited under this Agreement or your deposit or loan agreements. DuTrac Community Credit Union reserves the right to refuse any transaction that would draw upon insufficient or unavailable funds, lower an account below a required balance, or otherwise require us to increase our required reserve on the account.
2.  Account Information.
The account balance and transaction history information may be limited to recent account information involving your accounts. Also, the availability of funds for transfer or withdrawal may be limited due to the processing time for ATM transactions and our Funds Availability Policy.
3.  Email.
DuTrac Community Credit Union may not immediately receive email communications that you send and DuTrac Community Credit Union will not take action based on email requests until the Financial Institution actually receives your message and has a reasonable opportunity to act. If you need to contact DuTrac Community Credit Union immediately regarding an unauthorized transaction or stop payment request, you may call DuTrac Community Credit Union at the telephone number set forth in the Liability for Unauthorized Access section.
Security of Access Code
The personal identification number (PIN) or access code (“access code”) issued to you is for your security purposes. The access code is confidential and should not be disclosed to third parties or recorded. You are responsible for safe keeping your access code. You agree not to disclose or otherwise make your access code available to anyone not authorized to sign on your accounts. If you authorize anyone to use your access code that authority shall continue until you specifically revoke such authority by notifying DuTrac Community Credit Union. If you fail to maintain the security of these access codes and DuTrac Community Credit Union suffers a loss, we may terminate your PC Branch and account services immediately.
Liability For Unauthorized Access
You are responsible for all transfers and bill payments you authorize under this Agreement.
If you permit other persons to use the PC Branch service or your access code, you are responsible for any transactions they authorize or conduct on any of your accounts. However, tell us at once if you believe anyone has used your access code or accessed your accounts through PC Branch without your authorization. Telephoning is the best way of keeping your possible losses down.
If you tell us within two (2) business days, you can lose not more than fifty dollars ($50) if someone accesses your accounts without your permission.
If you do not tell us within two (2) business days after you learn of the unauthorized use of your account or access code, and we can prove that we could have stopped someone from accessing your account without your permission if you had told us, you could lose as much as five hundred dollars ($500.00).
If your statement shows PC Branch transfers that you did not make, tell us at once. If you do not tell us within sixty (60) days after the statement was mailed to you, you may not get back any money lost after the sixty days (60) if we can prove that we could have stopped someone from making the transfers if you had told us in time.
If a good reason (such as a hospital stay) kept you from telling us, we will extend the time periods.
If you believe that someone has used your access code or has transferred or may transfer money from your account without your permission, call DuTrac Community Credit Union at: 800-475-1331 or write:
DuTrac Community Credit Union
P.O. Box 3250
Dubuque, Iowa 52004-3250.
In IOWA, you may be required to provide written notice to us concerning any unauthorized transfer.
Business Days
Our business days are Monday through Friday. Holidays are not included.
Fees and Charges
There are certain charges for PC Branch services as set forth on DuTrac Community Credit Union’s Fee Schedule. From time to time, the charges may be changed. We will notify you of any changes as required by law. If you request a transfer or check withdrawal from your line of credit account, such transactions may be subject to charges under the terms and conditions of your loan agreement.
Periodic Statements
Transfers, withdrawals, and bill payments transacted through PC Branch will be recorded on your periodic statement. You will receive a statement monthly unless there is no transaction in a particular month. In any case, you will receive a statement at least quarterly.
Account Information Disclosure
We will disclose information to third parties about your account or the transfers you make:
As necessary to complete transfers and bill payments;
To verify the existence of sufficient funds to cover specific transactions upon the request of a payee or a third party, such as a credit bureau or merchant;
To comply with government agency or court orders;
If you give us your written permission.
DuTrac Community Credit Union’s LIABILITY FOR FAILURE TO MAKE TRANSFERS.
If we do not complete a transfer to or from your account on time or in the correct amount according to our agreement with you and the instructions you transmit, we will be liable for your actual losses or damages. However, the Financial Institution will not be liable:
If, through no fault of ours, you do not have adequate funds in your account to complete a transaction, your account is closed, or the transaction amount would exceed your credit limit on your line of credit, if applicable.
If you used the wrong access code or you have not properly followed any applicable computer, Internet Access, or DuTrac Community Credit Union user instructions for making transfer and bill payment transactions.
If your computer fails or malfunctions or the PC Branch service was not properly working and such problem should have been apparent when you attempted such transaction.
If circumstances beyond our control (such as fire, flood, telecommunication outages, postal strikes, equipment or power failure) prevent making the transaction.
If the funds in your account are subject to an administrative hold, legal process or other claim.
If you have not given  DuTrac Community Credit Union’s complete, correct and current instructions so the Financial Institution can process a transfer or bill payment.
If the error was caused by a system beyond DuTrac Community Credit Union’s control, such as your Internet Service Provider.
If you do not authorize a bill payment soon enough for your payment to be made and properly credited by the payee by the time it is due.
If DuTrac Community Credit Union makes a timely bill payment but the payee nevertheless does not credit your payment promptly after receipt.
If there are other exceptions as established by DuTrac Community Credit Union from time to time.
Termination of PC Branch Services
You agree that we may terminate this Agreement and your use of the PC Branch services if you or any authorized user of your account or access code breach this or any other agreement with us; or if we have reason to believe that there has been an unauthorized use of your account or access code.
You or any other party to your account can terminate this Agreement by notifying us in writing. Termination of service will be effective the first business day following receipt of your written notice. However, termination of this Agreement will not affect the rights and responsibilities of the parties under this Agreement for transactions initiated before termination.
Notices
The DuTrac Community Credit Union reserves the right to change the terms and conditions upon which this service is offered. The DuTrac Community Credit Union will mail notice to you at least twenty one (21) days before the effective date of any change, as required by law. Use of the PC Branch service is subject to existing regulations governing your accounts and any future changes to those regulations.
Billing Errors
In case of errors or questions about your PC Branch transactions, telephone us at the phone number or write to us at the address set forth above in the Liability for Unauthorized Access section as soon as you can. We must hear from you no later than sixty (60) days after we sent the first statement on which the problem appears.
Tell us your name and account number.
Describe the transaction you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you need more information.
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error.
If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in writing within ten (10) calendar days. We will determine whether an error occurred within ten (10) business days after we hear from you and we will correct any error promptly.
If we need more time, however, we may take up to forty-five (45) days to investigate your complaint or question.
If we decide to do this, we will credit your account within ten (10) business days for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of the funds during the time it takes us to complete our investigation.
If we ask you to put your complaint or question in writing and we do not receive it within ten (10) business days, we may not credit your account.
We will tell you the results within three (3) business days after completing our investigation. If we decide that there was no error, we will send you a written explanation. You may ask for copies of the documents that we used in our investigation.
If a notice of error involves an electronic fund transfer that occurred within thirty (30) days after the first deposit to the account was made, the applicable time periods for action shall be twenty (20) business days in place of ten (10) business days.
If a notice of error involves an electronic fund transfer that was initiated in a foreign country or occurred within thirty (30) days after the first deposit to the account was made, the applicable time period for action shall be ninety (90) calendar days in place of forty five (45) calendar days
Enforcement
You agree to be liable to the DuTrac Community Credit Union for any liability, loss, or expense as provided in this Agreement that the DuTrac Community Credit Union incurs as a result of any dispute involving your accounts or services. You authorize the DuTrac Community Credit Union to deduct any such liability, loss, or expense from your account without prior notice to you. In the event either party brings a legal action to enforce the Agreement or collect any overdrawn funds on accounts accessed under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled, subject to applicable law, to payment by the other party of its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs, including fees on any appeal, bankruptcy proceedings, and any post-judgment collection actions, if applicable.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with all applicable federal laws and all applicable substantive laws of the state where you opened your account, and the Bylaws of the Credit Union as they now exist or may be hereafter amended. You understand that we must comply with these laws, regulations, and rules. You agree that if there is any inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and any applicable law, regulation, or rule, the terms of this Agreement will prevail to the extent any such law, regulation, or rule may be modified by agreement between us.
Mobile Deposit Capture
This Mobile Deposit Capture (“Agreement”) contains the terms and conditions for the use of Mobile Deposit Capture that DuTrac Community Credit Union (“Credit Union”, “us,” or “we”) may provide to you (“you,” or “User”). Other agreements you have entered into with Credit Union, including your Membership, as amended from time to time, are incorporated by reference and made a part of this Agreement.
1. Services. The Mobile Deposit Capture (“Services”) are designed to allow you to make deposits to your checking, savings, or money market savings accounts from home or other remote locations by scanning checks and delivering the images and associated deposit information to Credit Union or Credit Union’s designated processor.
2. Acceptance of these Terms. Your use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of this Agreement. This Agreement is subject to change from time to time. We will notify you of any material change via email, text message, or on our website(s) by providing a link to the revised Agreement or by an online secure message. You will be prompted to accept or reject any material change to this Agreement the next time you use the Service after Credit Union has made the change. Your acceptance of the revised terms and conditions along with the continued use of the Services will indicate your consent to be bound by the revised Agreement. Further, Credit Union reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from the Services. Your continued use of the Services will indicate your acceptance of any such changes to the Services.
3. Limitations of Service. When using the Services, you may experience technical or other difficulties. We will attempt to post alerts on our website or send you a text message to notify you of these interruptions in Service. We cannot assume responsibility for any technical or other difficulties or any resulting damages that you may incur. Some of the Services have qualification requirements, and we reserve the right to change the qualifications at any time without prior notice. We reserve the right to change, suspend or discontinue the Services, in whole or in part, or your use of the Services, in whole or in part, immediately and at any time without prior notice to you.
4. Hardware and Software. In order to use the Services, you must obtain and maintain, at your expense, compatible hardware and software as specified by Credit Union from time to time. Credit Union is not responsible for any third party software you may need to use the Services. Any such software is accepted by you as is and is subject to the terms and conditions of the software agreement you enter into directly with the third party software provider at time of download and installation.
5. Eligible Items. You agree to scan and deposit only “checks” as that term is defined in Federal Reserve Regulation CC (“Reg. CC”). When the image of the check transmitted to Credit Union is converted to an Image Replacement Document for subsequent presentment and collection, it shall thereafter be deemed an “item” within the meaning of Articles 3 and 4 of the Uniform Commercial Code.
You agree that you will not scan and deposit any of the following types of checks or other items which shall be considered ineligible items:
Checks payable to any person or entity other than the person or entity that owns the account that the check is being deposited into.
Checks containing an alteration on the front of the check or item, or which you know or suspect, or should know or suspect, are fraudulent or otherwise not authorized by the owner of the account on which the check is drawn.
Checks payable jointly, unless deposited into an account in the name of all payees.
Checks previously converted to a substitute check, as defined in Reg. CC.
Checks drawn on a financial institution located outside the United States.
Checks that are remotely created checks, as defined in Reg. CC.
Checks not payable in United States currency.
Checks dated more than six months prior to the date of deposit.
Checks or items prohibited by Credit Union’s current procedures relating to the Services or which are otherwise not acceptable under the terms of your Credit Union account.
Checks payable on sight or payable through Drafts, as defined in Reg. CC.
Checks with any endorsement on the back other than that specified in this agreement.
Checks that have previously been submitted through the Service or through a remote deposit capture service offered at any other financial institution.
Checks or items that are drawn or otherwise issued by the U.S. Treasury Department
Checks that are prohibited by the Credit Union’s current Membership Agreement with you
Checks that are in violation of any federal or state law, rule, or regulation.
6. Endorsements and Procedures. You agree to legibly endorse all items transmitted through this service with:
For Mobile Deposit Only
Credit Union Name
Account Number
Member’s Signature
Additionally, you agree to follow any and all other procedures and instructions for use of the Services as Credit Union may establish from time to time.
7. Receipt of Items. We reserve the right to reject any item transmitted through the Services, at our discretion, without liability to you. We are not responsible for items we do not receive or for images that are dropped during transmission. An image of an item shall be deemed received when you receive a confirmation from Credit Union that we have received the image. Receipt of such confirmation does not mean that the transmission was error free, complete or will be considered a deposit and credited to your account. We further reserve the right to charge back to your account at any time, any item that we subsequently determine was not an eligible item. You agree that the Credit Union is not liable for any loss, costs, or fees you may incur as a result of our charge-back of an ineligible item.
8. Availability of Funds. You agree that items transmitted using the Services are not subject to the funds availability requirements of Federal Reserve Board Regulation CC. In general, if an image of an item you transmit through the Service is received and accepted before 3:00 p.m. Central Time on a business day that we are open, we consider that day to be the day of your deposit. Otherwise, we will consider that the deposit was made on the next business day we are open. Funds deposited using the Services will generally be made available in three business days from the day of deposit. Credit Union may make such funds available sooner based on such factors as credit worthiness, the length and extent of your relationship with us, transaction and experience information, and such other factors as Credit Union, in its sole discretion, deems relevant.
9. Disposal of Transmitted Items. Upon your receipt of a confirmation from Credit Union that we have received an image that you have transmitted, You agree to retain the check for at least 30 calendar days from the date of the image transmission. After 30 days, You agree to destroy the check that you transmitted as an image, mark it “VOID”, or otherwise render it incapable of further transmission, deposit, or presentment. During the time the retained check is available, you agree to promptly provide it to Credit Union upon request.
10. Deposit Limits. We may establish limits on the dollar amount and/or number of items or deposits from time to time. If you attempt to initiate a deposit in excess of these limits, we may reject your deposit. If we permit you to make a deposit in excess of these limits, such deposit will still be subject to the terms of this Agreement, and we will not be obligated to allow such a deposit at other times.  We reserve the right to change limits at any time without prior notice to you.
11. Presentment. The manner in which the items are cleared, presented for payment, and collected shall be in Credit Union’s sole discretion subject to the Member Services Agreement governing your account.
12. Errors. You agree to notify Credit Union of any suspected errors regarding items deposited through the Services right away, and in no event later than 30 days after the applicable Credit Union account statement is sent. Unless you notify Credit Union within 30 days, such statement regarding all deposits made through the Services shall be deemed correct, and you are prohibited from bringing a claim against Credit Union for such alleged error.
13. Errors in Transmission. By using the Services you accept the risk that an item may be intercepted or misdirected during transmission. Credit Union bears no liability to you or others for any such intercepted or misdirected items or information disclosed through such errors.
14. Image Quality. The image of an item transmitted to Credit Union using the Services must be legible, as determined in the sole discretion of Credit Union. Without limiting the foregoing, the image quality of the items must comply with the requirements established from time to time by Credit Union, ANSI, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Board, or any other regulatory agency, clearinghouse or association.
15. User Warranties and Indemnification. You warrant to Credit Union that:
You will only transmit eligible items.
You will not transmit duplicate items.
You will not re-deposit or re-present the original item.
All information you provide to Credit Union is accurate and true.
You will comply with this Agreement and all applicable rules, laws and regulations.
You are not aware of any factor which may impair the collectability of the item.
You warrant that files submitted by you to the Credit Union do not contain computer viruses or malware.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Credit Union from any loss for breach of this warranty provision.
16. Cooperation with Investigations. You agree to cooperate with us in the investigation of unusual transactions, poor quality transmissions, and resolution of customer claims, including by providing, upon request and without further cost, any originals or copies of items deposited through the Service in your possession and your records relating to such items and transmissions.
17. Termination. We may terminate this Agreement at any time and for any reason. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless and until it is terminated by us. Without limiting the foregoing, this Agreement may be terminated if you breach any term of this Agreement, if you use the Services for any unauthorized or illegal purposes or you use the Services in a manner inconsistent with the terms of your Bank Services Agreement or any other agreement with us.
18. Enforceability. We may waive enforcement of any provision of this Agreement. No waiver of a breach of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach of the Agreement. Any such waiver shall not affect our rights with respect to any other transaction or to modify the terms of this Agreement. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be impaired or otherwise affected and shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
19. Ownership & License. You agree that Credit Union retains all ownership and proprietary rights in the Services, associated content, technology, and website(s). Your use of the Services is subject to and conditioned upon your complete compliance with this Agreement. Without limiting the effect of the foregoing, any breach of this Agreement immediately terminates your right to use the Services. Without limiting the restriction of the foregoing, you may not use the Services (i) in any anti-competitive manner, (ii) for any purpose which would be contrary to Credit Union’s business interest, or (iii) to Credit Union’s actual or potential economic disadvantage in any aspect. You may use the Services only for non-business, personal use in accordance with this Agreement. You may not copy, reproduce, distribute or create derivative works from the content and agree not to reverse engineer or reverse compile any of the technology used to provide the Services.
20. Disclaimer of Warranties. You agree your use of the services and all information and content (including that of third parties) is at your risk and is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We disclaim all warranties of any kind as to the use of the services, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchant-ability, fitness for a particular and non-infringement. We make no warranty that the service (i) will meet your requirements, (ii) will be uninterrupted, time, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the service will be accurate or reliable, and (iv) any errors in the services or technology will be corrected.
21. Limitation of Liability. You agree that we will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other losses resulting from the use or the inability to use the services incurred by you or any third party arising from or rattled to the use of, inability to use, or the termination of the use of this services, regardless of the form of action or claim (whether contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise), even if MTC Federal has been informed of the possibility thereof.
In-House Loans
An In-House Loan is a loan that remains with, and is serviced by, DuTrac Community Credit Union for the entire term of the loan. During the life of your loan, if you have questions, we are right here to assist you.
Local, personal attention to any questions regarding your loan
Flexible terms – can be amortized anywhere from 10 to 30 years
Payments can be made weekly, bi-weekly (these two options are a fantastic way to pay off your loan faster, saving you money that would go to interest) or monthly – whatever best meets your needs
No pre-payment penalties
Fixed Rate Conventional Loan
A loan with a rate that is locked in, which means your Principal and Interest payment remains the same for the entire life of the loan. This is a terrific loan if you are planning on staying in your home long-term or if you are not comfortable with your interest rate eventually adjusting.
3/1, 5/1, 7/1, ARM loan
What is an ARM? “ARM” stands for Adjustable Rate Mortgage. With this type of loan, your rate is locked in for three, five, or seven years and then adjusts once a year thereafter. Your rate can adjust up or down depending on the limits of your loans terms and the position of the market. These loans are great for buyers who want to lock in a low rate for a set number of years. A buyer may choose to refinance (pay off the existing loan with a new loan, especially if the interest rate is lower) at any time to a fixed rate.
Construction Loans
Building a new home? This loan provides a great, money-saving convenience for you! By combining the construction loan with a long-term mortgage loan, you pay only one set of closing costs! Your home must be built within six months and you will only be charged interest during the construction period on the amount of money disbursed.
Lot Loans
A Lot Loan helps you purchase the land today that you intend to build a residence on in the future! Your Principle and interest payment are fixed for 3 years. At the end of three years the mortgage must be paid in full.
Example: Lot loan rate of 4.25% is a $530.63 monthly payment on a 3 year Balloon with a 10 year amortization. Based on the loan amount of $50,000,00, the resulting APR is 5.012%.
Loan Modification
A loan modification allows members, who already have an existing, owner-occupied First Mortgage with DuTrac Community Credit Union, to modify their fixed or adjustable rate mortgage to a lower rate with extremely reduced closing costs, saving them money now and in the future!
Rentals Loans
We have loans available for the purchase or refinance of a 1-4 family unit, rental property. A Rental Loan requires a 25% down payment and is typically amortized for 25 years with a five year balloon. Amortization means that you are paying your mortgage as if you were on a fixed 25 year mortgage, making your payments lower. However, after your five year term is up, you are required to pay off mortgage or refinance at that time.
Second/Vacation Home
This program is designed to allow members to purchase or refinance a vacation home or a second home. The down payment required is as little as 20% with an amortization up to 30 years. The home must be a single family dwelling, including condos.
Secondary Market Loans
These loans do not stay with DuTrac Community Credit Union. Instead, they are owned and serviced by an outside mortgage service company. We work as the “middle man” to help you acquire a home loan that fits your needs!
Fixed Rate Conventional Loan
A loan with a rate that is locked in, which means your Principal and Interest payment remains the same for the entire life of the loan. This is a terrific loan if you are planning on staying in your home long-term or if you are not comfortable with your interest rate eventually adjusting.
Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) Loan
What is an ARM? “ARM” stands for Adjustable Rate Mortgage. With this type of loan, your rate is locked in for three, five, or seven years and then adjusts once a year thereafter. Your rate can adjust up or down depending on the limits of your loans terms and the position of the market. These loans are great for buyers who want to lock in a low rate for a set number of years. A buyer may chose to refinance (pay off the existing loan with a new loan, especially if the interest rate is lower) at any time to a fixed rate.
ATIRAgift Visa Debit Card Terms and Conditions
DuTrac Community Credit Union
ATIRAgiftSM Visa® Debit Card
These are the ATIRA® Gift Card Terms and Conditions. Please read them carefully and keep them for your records. Please sign your card immediately. In these Terms and Conditions, “prepaid card”, “gift card” and “card” means the ATIRAgiftSM card issued by your financial institution. “You” and “Your” means the person who has received the prepaid card. “We”, “Us” and “Our” means ATIRA, your financial institution, its successors, affiliates, or assigns. By accepting and using your ATIRAgift card, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions.
Card Access: Your ATIRAgift card is not a credit card. It is a prepaid card that can be used at retail establishments which have agreed to accept Visa® debit cards. Purchases will be deducted from the card until the value reaches zero. The value of all Cards is held in an aggregated account and there is no deposit insurance to your benefit.  If you permit someone else to use your card, we will treat this as if you have authorized this person to use your card and you will be responsible for any transactions initiated by that person with your card. Upon any purchase via a point-of-sale device, mail order, telephone order, or other purchase transaction, the amount available on the card will be reduced by the amount of that purchase.
Registration: You must register your card at www.atiragift.com to increase your chances of recovering disputed funds or to obtain a replacement card. After your card has been registered, you can obtain your balance and view your transactions online.
Check your Balance: You may obtain your cards available balance and obtain a transaction history 24 hours a day, seven days a week, at www.atiragift.com, or by calling 800.721.3978.
Lost or Stolen Cards: Please contact us immediately at 800.721.3978, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, if your card is lost or stolen. When you contact us, you will be required to provide the card number along with other identifying details. Reminder: Register your card once received. Registering your card will protect you and will assist us in replacing your card if it is lost or stolen.
Card Limitations: You must have sufficient, available funds to pay for all ATIRAgift card transactions. If the purchase amount is greater than the available funds, the difference may be paid for with cash, check, credit card or debit card, subject to the policy of the merchant. If the merchant attempts to process the ATIRAgift card for more than the available funds, the transaction will be declined.
Certain types of merchants, such as gas stations (including pay-at-the-pump card readers), car rental agencies, hotels and any merchant establishment where gratuity is common practice may obtain an authorization that exceeds the actual amount of your purchase. If the amount of an authorization exceeds the value remaining on your card, the transactions may not be honored, even though the value remaining on your card is sufficient to cover the actual amount of your purchase.
You may only use your card in the manner and for the purposes described in these Terms and Conditions. Your ATIRAgift card may not be used to obtain cash including automated teller machines (ATMs) and over-the-counter cash advances, or for any type of pre-authorized transaction, such as recurring monthly dues or fees. Your card also may not be used for Internet gambling or illegal transactions.
Foreign Transactions: When you use your card for a transaction denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the transaction amount will be converted into U.S. dollars by applying an exchange rate selected by Visa from among the range of rates available in wholesale currency markets or the government-mandated rate on the date the transaction is processed. The rate chosen may vary from the rate Visa itself receives.
Card Expiration: Your ATIRAgift card expires when its entire preloaded value has been exhausted, or on the expiration date listed on the front of the card, whichever occurs first, except where prohibited by law. After your ATIRAgift card has expired, it is no longer valid. All transactions will be declined after your card has expired. Additional value cannot be loaded onto your card and it cannot be reused after the preloaded value has been totally spent. Your card may be subject to State law requiring us to turn over remaining funds on your card to a government authority after a period of inactivity or dormancy. You should use the entire balance of your card by the expiration date on the front of your card. After that expiration date, the balance of the card will be reduced to zero and your card will no longer be valid. Any remaining funds will no longer be available for you to use.
Service Charges: Your ATIRAgift card will be charged:
A $2.50 monthly service fee is applied after 12 months of inactivity.
A $5.00 fee to replace a card.
The monthly service fee is automatically deducted from your ATIRAgift card balance following the 12 month inactive period. The card replacement fee is automatically deducted from your ATIRAgift card balance at the time the replacement card is issued. If your ATIRAgift card balance is zero or becomes zero as a result of any fees, the card will be terminated.
Documentation of Transactions: You will receive a receipt for each transaction at the time of the transaction. Retain these receipts for your records. You will not receive periodic statements of activity on your card. You can check transaction activity, transaction history and balance information online at www.atiragift.com, 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties: We will disclose information to third parties about your ATIRAgift card or about a transaction for the following reasons:
in order to complete the transaction;
in order to verify the existence and condition of your card;
in order to comply with government agency or court orders;
in connection with examinations by banking authorities;
for analytical purposes;
if you give us written permission;
and as otherwise permitted by law.
Disputes with Merchants: You agree to make a good faith effort to settle all disputes about purchases you make using your ATIRAgift card with the merchant who accepted the card.
Notice of Errors: If you think a receipt is wrong or you have a question concerning an ATIRAgift card transaction, please contact us  at 800.721.3978, 24 hours a day, seven days, a week no later than 60 days after the transaction date and provide the following information:
Your name and ATIRAgift card number
A description of the error or the transaction you are unsure about and an explanation as to why you believe it is an error or why you need more information
The dollar amount of the suspected error
You may be required to send your complaint or question in writing within ten business days.
Disclaimer of Liability: In providing the ATIRAgift card service to you, we disclaim any duty or responsibility other than those expressly set forth in these Terms and Conditions.
Card Termination: The card will remain our property. We may, at any time and without prior notice, cancel your card and have you return the card to us. Termination of the card will not affect prior transactions or obligations existing at the time of termination. Upon termination, we will send you a check for your remaining balance, less outstanding transactions and fees, within six to eight weeks.
Assignment: After you register your card, you may not transfer or assign your card rights to any other person without our prior written consent. We may assign our obligations to you under these Terms and Conditions without your consent or notice to you.
Severability/No Waiver: If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforce-ability of any remaining provisions. Our failure to enforce the strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions will not constitute a waiver of our right to subsequently enforce such provision or any other provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
Governing Law: These Terms and Conditions, the ATIRAgift card and all transactions hereunder are subject to the laws of the state in which our main office is located, the laws of the United States and Visa rules and regulations.
Arbitration: Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions or the provision of services shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The arbitration shall be conducted in the state in which our main office is located, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court in this state.
Waiver of Jury Trial: Each of the parties hereto expressly waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in any court action commenced by any of the parties hereto to enforce, collect, defend, enjoin, or that otherwise relates to this agreement or any of the transactions herein described. Likewise, each party hereto waives any right to have a jury trial in any such court action for any defense, claim of set-off, claim of recoupment, counterclaim or third party action asserted or raised in any such legal or court action. Any court action relating to this agreement or the transactions herein described shall be tried exclusively to a court without a jury. Both parties of this agreement each specifically acknowledges that its execution of this waiver of jury trial is a material inducement for entering into this agreement.
710501
06/2010
Copyright, 2010, The Members Group, Inc. ATIRA® is a registered service mark and ATIRAgiftSM is a service mark of The Members Group, Inc.
Checking Account Fees
NSF (non-sufficient funds) Fee$30.00 per item
Overdraft Fee (Disclosures)$30.00 + tax per item
Stop Payment Fee$30.00 + tax per request
Automatic Overdraft Transfer$5.00 + tax per transfer or advance
Automatic Loan Advance$5.00 + tax per transfer or advance
Check Fee (Relationship Checking)$.10 each + tax
(After first 40 per month at no charge. Does not apply to Value Checking)
Check Fee (High Yield Checking)$.10 each + tax
(After first 20 per month at no charge.)
Check Copy$2.00 + tax per check
Check Printing FeePrices vary depending on style
ATM Fees
ATM Transaction Fees
at DuTrac-owned ATMsNo Charge
at ATMs not owned by DuTrac and at Point Of Sale terminals$1.50
(*first 12 transactions per month at no charge. Eco Plus Account receives free unlimited ATM transactions.)
Lost Credit/Debit Card Fee$20.00 per card
Rush Lost Credit/Debit Card Fee$45.00 per card
Lost SecureCard Replacement$7.00 per card
Safe Deposit Box Fees
Annual Box RentalSizes and rates vary by size and location.
Lost Key Fee$20.00
Box Drilling FeeCost of drilling + $20.00
Late Safe Deposit Box Rental Fee$10.00
Other Service Fees
Returned Mail Fee$5.00
Account Research Fee$15.00 per hour + tax ($15 minimum)
Account Balancing Fee$20.00 per hour + tax (1st 15 min. free)
Membership Reopen Fee$15.00
(Applies to memberships closed in previous 12 months)
Return Item Fee$30.00 per occurrence
Check Collection Fee$25.00 per check
Canadian Check Collection Fee$25.00 per check
Unreadable MICR Line Fee$1.00 per check
Domestic Wire Transfers (outgoing)$25.00 per transfer (in person)
$30.00 per transfer (phone requests)
Foreign Wire Transfers (outgoing)$50.00 per transfer (in person)
$55.00 (phone requests)
Incoming Wire Transfer Fee$10.00 per incoming wire
Money Order Fee$3.00 each
Official Check Fee$3.00 each
Statement History$1.00 per page
Fax Fee$1.00 per page
Copy Fee$.10 per page
Inactive Relationship Fee$15.00 per quarter
(Total relationship less than $100 and no activity in previous 12 months. Does not apply to members under age 18)
Check Cashing Fee$5.00 or 1% of amount of check
Notary Fee$5.00 per document to be notarized for a non-member and $5.00 per loan document from another financial institution.
Signature Guarantee Free to members
Compliance with Garnishments, Levies$50.00
IRA Direct Transfer Fee$25.00 per IRA transfer
12/21/2015
Savings & Checking
Savings
Checking
Payroll/Direct Deposit/Automatic Transfers
Savasaurus Kids Club
Loans
DuTrac’s Member Advantage
Mortgages
Vehicle Loans
Home Equity Plus Line of Credit
Credit Cards
Personal Loans
Private Student Loans
Business Services
Business Savings
Business Checking
Business Credit Cards
Commercial Loans
Commercial Real Estate Loans
Agriculture Loans and Lines of Credit
Business Automated Services
Credit/Debit Card Processing
Applications/Business Team
Online Services
PC Branch
MobileLink
Mobile Payments
Mobile Deposit Capture
e-Documents
Bill Pay with Popmoney®
Mobile Alerts/CardValet
Card Info Access
AccessLine
Advance®
Wealth Management
DuTrac Financial Group
First Community Trust
TruStage Insurance
Resources
ATM Questions and Concerns
Financial Calculators
Online Applications
Change of Address
Additional Products and Services
Educational Opportunities
Donations & Community Involvement
DuTrac Newsletter and Annual Report
FAQ
Helpful Links
Contact Us
Current Rates
Locations
Join
Careers
About DuTrac
Español