http://www.ragdoll.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Toggle navigation
About
Our Story
Our Shows
News
Opportunities
Contact
Ragdoll Foundation
Toggle navigation
works for children
About
Our Story
Our Shows
News
Opportunities
Contact
Ragdoll Foundation
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to the “Ragdoll Website” – www.ragdoll.co.uk (“Ragdoll Website”) which is provided by Ragdoll Productions Limited.  Thank you for visiting and have a great time!  By using the Ragdoll Website you accept the following terms (“Terms”) so please read them carefully.  If you don’t agree to the Terms then please do not use the Ragdoll Website.  Ragdoll may need to change the Terms from time to time so please visit this part of the Ragdoll Website regularly to read the current terms because by using this Ragdoll Website you will be deemed to have irrevocably accepted any changes.  These Terms were last updated on 5th January 2011.
The Terms
1 How To Contact Us
a) This Ragdoll Website is controlled and operated by Ragdoll Productions Limited whose registered office is 9 Timothys Bridge Road, Stratford Enterprise Park, Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, CV37 9NQ (Company Registration No 2654376) (“Ragdoll” “we” and “us”), with whom these Terms are agreed.
b) Please forward any comments or queries to info@ragdoll.co.uk
2 If you are under 16
a) Please get a parent of guardian’s permission before sending any communication or content via this website.
b) Never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (for example your telephone number, home address, email address or any photographs of you).
3 Privacy
a) Your privacy is important to Ragdoll. Ragdoll is committed to keeping any information you entrust to us safely and securely. Ragdoll is registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and will comply with its provisions. Ragdoll will not share your personal information without your express consent.
b) Please review the Ragdoll Privacy Notice for further details.
4 External Links
a) From time to time the Ragdoll Website may contain links to other sites that Ragdoll feels would be of interest (“Linked Sites”). Ragdoll does not sponsor, endorse or have any control over the content of Linked Sites or any sites referred to in or linked to the Linked Sites or how they collect or use personal information. Ragdoll is not responsible for any content of or any webcasting or other transmissions from any Linked Site or for the accuracy of any information it contains or if it is not working properly.
b) Ragdoll cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from any Linked Site (including without limitation the site known as “The Ragdoll Shop” operated by Digital Stores Limited) or any site that has a link to the Ragdoll Website since these sites are owned and operated by third parties. Ragdoll does not endorse any of the merchandise, nor has Ragdoll taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained in such third-party sites. Ragdoll does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites. Ragdoll strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online transaction with any of these third parties.
c) Ragdoll’s prior written permission is required for any links to be made to the Ragdoll Website. Ragdoll reserves the right to require the removal of any link established by a third party between the Ragdoll Website and any third party website.
5 Trademarks and Copyrights
a) This Ragdoll Website and all content incorporated at any time on the Ragdoll Website (“Content”) including but not limited to the images, music, sets, props, graphics, artwork, text, audio, video, animation, trademarks, logos, names, software or other material contained in the Ragdoll Website are protected by copyrights, patents, trade secrets, database right or other proprietary rights (“Copyrights”).
b) The character images and names and any logos associated therewith and the Ragdoll logo, and some other images incorporated by Ragdoll on the Ragdoll Website are also protected as registered or unregistered trademarks, trade names and/or service marks owned by Ragdoll or others (“Trademarks”).
c) Ragdoll respects the intellectual property rights of others and asks users of this Ragdoll Website to do the same. This website is © Ragdoll Productions Limited 2005-2018.
6 Service
a) In order to use this Ragdoll Website, you must obtain access to the World Wide Web and pay any service fee associated with that access. You will need to provide all equipment necessary to connect to the Ragdoll Website on the World Wide Web (including a computer, modem and/or other access devices).
b) Ragdoll, reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of this Ragdoll Website and/or any software, facilities and services on this Ragdoll Website, with or without notice, and/or to establish general guidelines and limitations on their use.
7 Your Use of the Ragdoll Website
a) The Content may not be copied, reproduced, republished, altered, adapted, downloaded, uploaded, posted, transmitted, made available to the public or distributed or used in any way except for your own non-commercial, personal, entertainment use on a single computer only. Using any Content on any other site or networked computer environment or creating derivative works from any Content is prohibited. Nothing in this agreement shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any licence or right to use the Copyrights or the Trademarks.
b) You shall only use the Ragdoll Website for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of any other party.
c) You shall not restrict or inhibit anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the Ragdoll Website including transmitting obscene or offensive content.
8 Your Submissions
a) Ragdoll is interested in hearing from you. It is, however, our policy that Ragdoll will not accept or consider unsolicited submissions of concepts, stories, or other potential content. Therefore, please do not send Ragdoll any unsolicited submissions.
b) From time to time, areas on this Ragdoll Website may expressly request submissions of content, information or communications. (“Invited Submissions”).Where this is the case, please carefully read any specific rules or other terms and conditions which appear elsewhere on this Ragdoll Website to govern those submissions (“Additional Terms”), since they will affect your legal rights. If no Additional Terms govern those submissions, then these Terms will apply in full to any Invited Submissions you make.
c) In any event, any content, information or communications you send to us by whatever means (including without limitation by post, fax or via Ragdoll’s contact information displayed on this site) and whether as unsolicited material or Invited Submissions (“Your Content”) will not be treated as confidential unless otherwise stated. Ragdoll may in its sole discretion decide whether or not to publish any of Your Content submitted to us by you and may remove or modify any of Your Content displayed on the Ragdoll Website without notice or liability at any time in its sole discretion.
d) You agree that any of Your Content will be original and will not be defamatory or infringe any law. If a third party claims that Your Content is unlawful, you will be responsible for establishing that it is lawful. You understand and agree that all materials provided by third parties are the sole responsibility of the sender, not Ragdoll, and that you are responsible for all material you submit to or through this Ragdoll Website.
9 Our use of Your Content
a) Ragdoll will be entitled to and will consider Your Content as available for our use on the Ragdoll Website free of any obligations to you or any third party, except where Ragdoll has expressly solicited Invited Submissions and those submissions are expressly governed by Additional Terms appearing elsewhere on this Ragdoll Website (see ‘Your Submissions), in which event those Additional Terms will determine how Ragdoll will treat your Invited Submissions.
b) Subject to the provisions of any Additional Terms, the following will apply to Your Content (including Invited Submissions) :
i) the copyright and all other intellectual property rights conferred under the laws of the United Kingdom (and all other countries of the world ) in the Your Content is hereby assigned by you to Ragdoll with full title guarantee absolutely for all uses in all media and in any manner for the full term during which the said rights and renewals or extensions shall subsist and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive in perpetuity the benefit of any moral rights in Your Content in favour of Ragdoll;
ii) you grant to Ragdoll throughout the world all consents (if any) necessary to enable its reproduction, distribution, modification, publishing and/or other exploitation by Ragdoll and/or by any person authorized by Ragdoll, by any means and in all media now known or hereafter devised without payment or other reference to you or any other person, and to advertise, market and promote such exploitation, for the full period of all such rights (together with any extensions and renewals) and insofar as possible in perpetuity;
iii) you appoint Ragdoll as your agent with full power to enter into any document and/or do any act Ragdoll may consider appropriate to confirm the grant and assignment, consent and waiver set out above;
iv) you warrant that you are the owner of Your Content and entitled to enter into these Terms;
v) you confirm that Your Content will not be subject to any obligation, of confidence or otherwise, to you or any other person and that Ragdoll shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of Your Content.
vi) you grant to each user of the Ragdoll Website the right to use and access Your Content posted on the Ragdoll Website to the extent permitted by these Terms and the functionality of this Ragdoll Website.
10 Disclaimer of Warranties
a) The Ragdoll Website is provided on an “as is” and “as available“ basis without any representations or any kind of warranty (whether express or implied by law) including without limitation, the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.
b) Ragdoll makes no representation and does not warrant that:
i) the functions contained in the Ragdoll Website will be available, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that Ragdoll’s Websites or the servers that make them available are free of viruses, bugs or other harmful components;
ii) the information of the Ragdoll Website and any Linked Sites is complete, correct, accurate, verified or reliable;
iii) your use of the Ragdoll Website, the Linked Sites and the Content will not infringe the rights of others and Ragdoll assumes no liability or responsibility for errors or omissions therein.
c) You specifically agree that Ragdoll shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any material sent or received or not sent and received, or any transactions entered into via or through the Ragdoll Website or any Linked Sites including without limitation any transactions with ”The Ragdoll Shop” operated by Digital Stores Limited.
d) You specifically agree that Ragdoll is not responsible or liable for any defamatory, obscene, offensive or illegal content added to the Ragdoll Website or any Linked Site by another party.
e) The above exclusions will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law.
11 Limitation of Liability
a) Ragdoll does not accept any liability for any loss or damage including without limitation
(i) loss of data;
(ii) loss of revenue or anticipated profits;
(iii) loss of business;
(iv) loss of opportunity;
(v) loss of goodwill or reputation;
(vi) losses suffered by third parties; or
(vii) any direct, indirect, putative, actual, consequential, incidental, special, exemplary or otherwise resulting from any use of, or inability to use the Ragdoll Website or the Content whether such losses were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise, regardless of the basis upon which liability is claimed and even if Ragdoll has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.
b) If applicable law does not allow all or any part of the above limitation of liability to apply to you, the limitations will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law.
12 System Abuse
a) You shall not include in any material submitted by you any programs which contain viruses, worms and/or ‘Trojan horses’ or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications;
b) Without limitation, you agree not to send, create large or multiple files or messages to Ragdoll with malicious intent or engage in “spamming”(i.e., unsolicited emailing for business or other purposes) or undertake any other activity which may adversely effect the operation or enjoyment of this Ragdoll Website by any other person.
c) You may not reproduce, sell, resell or otherwise exploit any material, or access to any material, contained on this Ragdoll Website.
d) The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g. password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any breach of system security, Ragdoll reserves the right to release your details.
13 If you breach the Terms
a) Ragdoll reserves the right to investigate any suspected breach of the Terms, including without limitation any breach arising from any submission or e-mails you make or send to this Ragdoll Website.
b) Ragdoll may seek to gather information from the user who is suspected of breaching these Terms, and from any other user.
c) Ragdoll may suspend any users whose conduct is under investigation and may remove such material from its servers as it deems appropriate and without notice.
d) If Ragdoll believes, in its sole discretion, that a breach of these Terms has occurred, it may edit or modify any submission or e-mails, remove the material permanently or take other corrective action it deems appropriate.
e) Ragdoll will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Ragdoll to disclose the identity of anyone sending any e-mails, or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to be in breach of these Terms.
f) By accepting this agreement you waive and hold harmless Ragdoll from any claims resulting from any action taken by Ragdoll during or as a result of its investigations and/or from any actions taken as a consequence of investigations by either Ragdoll or law enforcement authorities.
14 Local Regulations
a) Ragdoll makes no representation that the Content of the Ragdoll Website is appropriate or available for use outside the United Kingdom. If you choose to access the Ragdoll Website from other locations you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk.
15 Indemnity
a) You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Ragdoll and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors and affiliates from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, resulting from your breach of any of the foregoing provisions, representations or warranties, and/or from your placement or transmission of any content onto Ragdoll’s servers.
16 General
a) The Content of the Ragdoll Website is presented solely for the purpose of providing entertainment and information and promoting programs, films, music, and other products available in the United Kingdom, its territories, possessions, and protectorates. The Ragdoll Website is controlled and operated by Ragdoll from its offices within the United Kingdom.
b) If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable for this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
c) This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein.
17 Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of England and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Essential
Analytics
Privacy Notice
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Essential
Tools that enable essential services and functionality, including identity verification, service continuity and site security.
Opt out is not available.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Analytics
Tools that collect anonymous data about how visitors use our site and how it performs. We use this to improve our products, services and user experience.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Privacy Notice
More information about our Privacy Notice.
Enable All
Save Changes