http://www.adsinfo.com/policy.html
Home
Custom Coils
Quick Coil
Omron
R&D
Site Map
Automated Dispatch Systems, Inc., PRIVACY
STATEMENT
Automated Dispatch Systems, Inc. ("ADS") recognizes the importance of
protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of ADSInfo.comtm
and our related web sites. We created the following policy guidelines with a
fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy.
Information Collected by ADS
ADS collects information about users during their registration for some
of our web sites; their participation in certain activities on our web
sites, including contests and polls (we currently do not use cookies). When
users request pages from our server, our Web server automatically collects
some information about the users, including their IP addresses. These
addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages
to users. In order to access certain portions of our web sites, users must
register and provide certain voluntary information about themselves.
Use of Information
ADS will not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to
any third party without their permission.
ADS uses users' IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server
and to administer our web site. We also use it to gather broad demographic
information about our users in general. This information does not contain
anything that can identify users personally. We may combine demographic
information supplied by a subscriber at registration with site usage data to
provide profiles, in aggregate form, about our users and their preferences
in the content of the site and advertising. We may share this composite
information with our advertisers to help them better understand our
services, but ADS does not give advertisers information about individual
users.
Using e-mail addresses provided at registration or otherwise, ADS
periodically sends out e-mail newsletters and promotional e-mail to our
users about services and products offered by ADS and its advertisers. Users
can indicate that they do not wish to receive e-mail information from ADS or
its advertisers. Third parties will not contact our users through the use of
our e-mail newsletter lists except through advertisements within the
newsletters themselves, or unless users ask to be placed on a list to
receive e-mail from our advertisers on subjects of interest.
Upon request, ADS will remove users (and their information) from our
database or permit them to "opt-out" of any further e-mail newsletters or
contact.
General
ADS is not responsible for the content or the privacy polices of web
sites to which it may provide links or the web sites of its advertisers.
ADS uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information
disclosed to ADS secure and to disclose such information only to responsible
third parties only after obtaining permission from the user.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site or your dealings with ADS or ADSInfo.com(tm), you can contact:
Automated
Dispatch Systems, Inc.
P.O. Box 490
Parker, CO 80138 USA
(303) 841-0268
(303) 841-7386 Fax
e-mail: help@adsinfo.com
website: www.adsinfo.com
Home
Custom Coils
Quick Coil
Omron
R&D
Site Map
Thank you for using ADS Info.comtm
!
About ADS
Info.comtm
Copyright © 1986-2009 Automated Dispatch
Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
All trademarks and brands are the property
of their respective owners.
Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ADS Info.comtm
User Agreement and
Privacy Policy.