http://www.valleysecurity.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Why Choose Us?
Client Testimonials
Gallery
Corporate Social Responsibility
Company Policies
Quality Policy
Health & Safety Policy
Environmental Policy
Equal Opportunities & Discrimination Policy
Training & Development Policy
Products & Services
Security
Security Services
Security Guard & Officers
Mobile Security Patrols
Key Holding & Alarm Response
Events Security
Door Supervisors
Monitoring Center
CCTV, Alarms & Monitoring Center
Fire Protection
Fire Safety Services
Fire Risk Assessments
Fire Safety Training
Fire Fighting Equipments
Pat Testing
Legal
Fire Safety Law
Health & Safety Law
Privacy Policy
Security Industry Law
Website Legal Notice
Employment
News
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The way we process your personal data is governed by the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please contact The Data Protection Officer, Valley Security & Fire Protection Ltd, Derwen Deg, Llansilin, Oswestry, SY10 7PU.
How do we collect information?
When you contact us regarding our activities, or send information to us, you provide us with personal information.
What information do we collect?
Financial information – in order to process financial transactions, we may ask you for your bank or details.
Personal information – when you supply information such as your name or email address to us, we are legally obliged by the Data Protection Act 1998 to ensure that we only use this information for the purpose for which it was requested and, to ensure that it is kept securely.
What does providing your personal information mean?
When you provide us with personal data, such as your name or email address, you consent to the collection and use of this information for a specified purpose.
Will we disclose the information we have collected to outside parties?
We do not pass your information to our associated organisations. We may need to disclose your information if required to do so by law.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are pieces of information that are sent to your computer by us when you log onto our website. They are stored on your computer’s hard drive, allowing us to recognise you as a user when you next visit.
If you do not want cookies to be stored on your PC it is possible to disable this function without affecting your navigation around the site.
How do you disable cookies?
In Internet Explorer, click on Tools, then on Settings, then on the Privacy tab. Use the slider bar to select the level of privacy you want.
In browsing with Firefox, click on Tools, then on Options, then on Privacy, then on the Cookies tab. From this menu, you can choose your level of Privacy.
Can you gain access to your personal information?
You may request a copy of the personal information relating to you which is kept on file by us (for which we may charge a small fee), by using the contact address given above.
Confidentiality
We cannot be held responsible for the privacy of data collected by websites not owned or managed by us.
Notification of change of privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy statement. You are advised to visit this website section periodically in order to keep up to date with the changes in our privacy policy.
August 2007 – amended July 2011.
Latest Tweets
RT @PatBennett1: Wishing a very happy 70th wedding anniversary to HM The Queen and Prince Phillip. @RoyalFamily https://t.co/2Hgslxb0a6, Nov 20RT @Trucking_Live: Massive thanks to @A_M_Events @ValleySecurity @event_fire @SphereRHSM for their hard work this weekend!, Sep 27Follow me on Twitter
Contact Details Valley Security
Cae Pant, Brithdir,
Llanrhaedr YM Mochhnant,
Oswestry,
Shropshire
SY10 0AY
Call : 01691 791 491
Click here to contact us!
Designed, Developed & Hosted by Reliant-IT