http://www.goldlite.com.sg/home-2/gold-lite-external-data-privacy-notice/
Gold Lite External Data Privacy Noticeadmin2018-10-30T03:12:39+00:00
EXTERNAL DATA PRIVACY NOTICE
1.0 Introduction
We at GOLD LITE respect the privacy and confidentiality of personal data in our possession or under our control. We have implemented policies and practices to safeguard the collection, use, disclosure, storage and other processing of personal data provided to us.
2.0 How We Collect Your Personal Data About You
We collect personal data from the following ways:
CV submitted to us via Job Search Portals or recruitment agency.
Job application form submitted in response to our recruitment advertisement
Correspond with us via emails or written correspondences
Your visit to our website and provide your contact information
3.0 Types of Personal Data About You that We Process
We collect personal data about you when you fill up a job application form and when we employ you. The types of personal data we collect about you includes:
Personal Contact Information
Personal Details
Professional Profile
Education Qualifications
4.0 Our Purpose(s) for Processing Personal Data About You
We use and otherwise process the personal data we have collected about you for one or more of the following purposes:
Payroll processing
Hiring decision and managing employment matters
Training & career development
Administer travel and reservation services
Insurance arrangement
5.0 How We Manage the Collection, Use, Disclosure and Storage of Your Personal Data
Obtaining Consent
If we collect personal data directly from you, we will ordinarily first notify you of the purposes for which we are collecting it and obtain your express consent to us collecting, using and disclosing it for those purposes. However, when you voluntarily provide personal data to us for a purpose and it is reasonable that you do so we may rely on you being deemed to have consented to us collecting, using and disclosing your personal data for that purpose.
Under certain circumstances, we may collect, use and/or disclose personal data about you without your consent for example, so that we can comply with our statutory obligations or where personal data is publicly available.
6.0 How You Can Limit Processing of Personal Data About You
Withdrawal of Consent
If you have given us consent to collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal data about you, you may withdraw that consent at any time. You should give us reasonable advance notice of your withdrawal of consent. We will notify you of the likely consequences of your withdrawal of consent, e.g. without your personal contact information we may not be able to inform you of future updates or that the quality of our service may be impacted.
7.0 Accessing and Making Correction to Personal Data About You
You may send in a written request to ask how we may have use or disclose your personal data for the past one year. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible, but in any event, within 30 days after receiving your request. We may charge a fee for processing your request, but we will let you know the amount of the fee before you incur it.
You may also ask us to correct an error or omission in the personal data we hold about you. Unless we are satisfied on reasonable grounds that a correction should not be made, we will correct the personal data as soon as practicable.
When you make any such request, we may need to verify your identity – for example, by checking your identity card number or other legal identification document.
8.0 Accuracy of Your Personal Data
We will take reasonable precautions and make reasonable verification checks to ensure that the personal data we hold is reasonably accurate, complete and up-to-date.
From time to time, we may do a verification exercise for you to update us on any changes to the personal data we hold about you. If we are in an ongoing relationship with you, it is important that you update us if there are any changes in the personal data we hold about you (such as a change in your home address).
9.0 Protection of Personal Data
We have implemented an Information Security Policy that governs how we protect personal data. We make reasonable security arrangements to protect personal data about you that is in our possession or under our control to prevent unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks. All our employees will take reasonable and appropriate measures to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of your personal data, and will only share your data with authorised persons on a ‘need to know’ basis.
Entities that provide services to us to process personal data on our behalf will be bound by contracts with us that that require them to provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organisational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and to take reasonable steps ensure compliance with those measures.
10.0 Retention of Personal Data
We will not retain any documents containing personal data about you as soon as it is reasonable to assume that the purpose for which we collected that personal data is no longer being served by retention of it and retention is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
We have a Document Retention Policy that spells out when we must cease to retain personal data and that requires documents and personal data to be destroyed (paper documents) or deleted (electronic documents and data stored in databases) securely. Certain retention periods are based on statutory or regulatory requirements.
11.0 Transfer of Personal Data
If there is a need for us to transfer personal data about you to a country or territory outside Singapore, we will ensure that the recipient organisation will be obliged to provide a standard of protection to such transferred data that is comparable to the protection it receives under Singapore law.
12.0 Compliance With Laws
Where required to do so by law, we will disclose personal data about you to the relevant authorities or to law enforcement agencies.
13.0 Links To Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. It is important that you review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and are unable to assume any responsibility for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
14.0 Changes To This Data Protection Policy
We may update our Data Protection Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the policy on this page. Please revisit this page periodically for any changes. Changes to this Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
15.0 Contacting Us
If you have any questions or feedback about our collection, use, and/or disclosure of personal data about you, you may contact our Data Protection Officer(s) at: dpo@goldlite.com.sg
Any query or complaint should include, at least, the following details:
A brief description of your query or complaint
Your full name and contact information