https://www.alacritysolutions.com/privacy/
Information
***VIRTUAL*** Large Carrier Client Certifications
Available to all adjusters. Take advantage of being able to register for certifications from the comfort of your home, and at your own schedule. Learn More
Skip to the content
Close Menu
SolutionsShow sub menu
Claims Management SolutionsShow sub menu
Overview
Loss Adjusting
Third-Party Administration
Supplemental Staffing
Desk and File Review
Contents Solutions
Network SolutionsShow sub menu
Overview
Mitigation
Emergency Response
Repair and Restoration
Specialty Services
Our Contractor Network
Lines of BusinessShow sub menu
Overview
Residential
Automotive
Commercial
Flood
Environmental
AboutShow sub menu
Company and Culture
News and Events
Careers
Office Locations
Contact Us
Workforce Resources
Join the Team
Contact
Workforce Resources
Join the Team
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Search for:
Close search
Home   |   Privacy
Effective Date: March 9, 2020
Alacrity Solutions respects your privacy. This Privacy Statement applies to any Alacrity Solutions website that points to this Statement (the “Sites”) and describes how we collect, use, share, and protect information from and about visitors to our Sites, along with choices you can make about such information. It also contains other important privacy disclosures, such as how we may update the Statement and how you can contact us.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Provide
Information We Collect by Automated Means
Information We Collect from Other Sources
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Affinity Partners
Insurance Carriers
Service Providers
Legal, Enforcement, Security, and Investigation
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets
Aggregate or De-Identified Data
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES
OTHER IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS
Do Not Track
Links to Other Websites
Children
Updates
How to Contact Us
ADDITIONAL NOTICES TO CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS
Categories of Personal Information collected
Sources of Personal Information collected
Purposes of collection
Categories of third parties with whom Personal Information is shared
Purposes of third parties receiving Personal Information
Rights to Opt-Out, Know and Delete
California’s Shine the Light Law
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect information that identifies you or that is associated with you in a number of ways, including information you provide to us, information we automatically collect, and information we obtain from third parties.
Information You Provide
You may choose to provide us with information. Examples include:
Contact and identification information, such as your name, postal address, telephone number, and email address;
Login and access credentials, such as your username and password for the Sites; and
Information you include in your communications with us or in connection with a satisfaction or research survey (including demographic information, such as your age, gender, and occupation).
Information We Collect by Automated Means
When you visit our Sites, we may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, Web server logs, and Web beacons. This information may be used to provide a better-tailored experience on our Sites, and for market research, data analytics, and system administration purposes. For instance, we may use this information to determine whether you’ve visited us before or are new to our Sites, to store your preferences and settings, to provide sign-in authentication, and for compliance with our legal obligations, policies, and procedures.
Our Sites may use cookies. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected devices to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings. Your browser may provide the ability to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features and functions of our Sites.
Our Sites may use Web server logs to record information about your Site visits, such as your device type, operating system type, browser type, domain, system settings, and IP address, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. These logs also may record information such as the address of the Web page that referred you to our Sites, and other information about your interaction with our Sites, such as which pages you visit. This is a common practice that supports the operation of our Sites.
Our Sites and e-mails may also contain tags known as “Web beacons” or “single-pixel gifs,” which are small electronic images used to help deliver cookies from our Sites, count visitors to our Sites, and determine whether e-mails are opened.  We may use third-parties to place and analyze Web beacons, and these third-parties may also set or read a cookie on your computer.
We may also use third-party Web analytics services in our Sites, such as those provided by Google Analytics. Such service providers help us analyze how users use our Sites, and these providers may collect various information associated with your visits to our Sites, including your IP address.  They may also place cookies to help with the analysis.  To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt-out, click here.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may supplement information collected through our sites with information obtained from other businesses, such as updated addresses or phone numbers we obtain from vendors who maintain such data.  We may also obtain information from public sources, such as information you submit in a public forum (for example, a customer review).
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect for a range of business purposes, including to:
Provide and deliver products and services and fulfill your requests;
Communicate with you through various channels;
Offer you our goods or services or those of trusted partners;
Evaluate and respond to your requests, inquiries, and applications;
Create and manage your account registration;
Conduct and administer contests, surveys, and sweepstakes;
Customize your experiences on our Sites;
Operate, evaluate, and improve our business, products, and services (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; performing market research and data analytics; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing; analyzing our products, services, and websites; administering our websites; and perform accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);
Protect against and prevent fraud and unauthorized transactions, investigate and manage claims, risk exposure, and quality, and generally provide and improve security; and
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and our policies and terms and conditions.
We may also use the information in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of collection.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties (companies outside the Alacrity Services family, which includes Worley Claims Services, LLC and its affiliates) without your consent, except as described below.
Affinity Partners
In limited cases, we may disclose limited personal information (generally contact information) about our customers or contractors to trusted third-parties who may use the information to market their own products and services to the customers or contractors.  For instance, we may provide information to a business who has agreed to offer our customers or contractors a discount or other exclusive offers.
Insurance Carriers
In limited cases, we may disclose limited personal information about our policyholder customers to select insurance carriers for the purposes of identifying common customers for potential cooperation and further developing our products and services. In these instances, we do not authorize the recipient insurance carrier to use your information, except to the extent it is already known by them, for any other purpose without your consent.
Service Providers
We may disclose your personal information to companies that provide services to us (such as providers of hosting, support, delivery, printing, e-mail, and data enhancement) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need access to information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are generally not authorized to use the information we disclose to them for any other purpose without your consent.
Legal, Enforcement, Security, and Investigation
We may disclose information about you (1) if we believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (2) as we deem appropriate or necessary in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities or tax authorities; (3) when we believe disclosure is appropriate or necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Alacrity Services, our customers, our employees, or others, including to prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss, or to collect debt you owe; or (4) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets
We reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including, without limitation, in the event of a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation).
Aggregate or De-Identified Data
We may share or make public aggregate or de-identified data derived from personally identifiable information. Such information, however, will not identify you or any other individual.
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed and intended to protect personal information against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. Despite these safeguards, due to inherent uncertainty in the use of the Internet and information systems and the potential for unlawful attacks by third parties, we cannot guarantee that the use of our Sites or computer systems will be completely safe or secure.
Information we collect and use may be transferred, stored, and accessed globally to support our operations. We retain information for as long as it is needed or useful to provide and improve our products and services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES
You may access and revise your profile information by signing into your account on our Sites and modifying certain personal information associated with your profile.  If you have signed up for our newsletters or marketing e-mails, you may stop receiving them by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in any newsletter or marketing email you receive from us and updating your preferences on the resulting webpage, or by contacting us as described in the How to Contact Us section below. Please note that we may continue to send transactional e-mails, which may contain information about your ongoing relationship with Alacrity, a specific transaction or request, or similar information, even if you opt-out of newsletters and marketing e-mails.
OTHER IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS
Do Not Track
We do not collect personally identifiable information about users’ online activities over time and across third-party websites and we do not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals from your browser or other mechanisms that enable consumer choice regarding the collection of personal information about one’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
Links to Other Websites
Our Sites may link to other websites for your convenience and information. For instance, we may link to websites of product suppliers, manufacturers, and service providers. These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with us. Linked websites, including those operated by our affiliates, may have their own privacy notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit them. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any website that we do not control and that does not point to this Privacy Statement. Your interactions with these websites are governed by the privacy policies of the company operating the websites.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us so that the information can be deleted.
Updates
This Privacy Statement may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices or relevant laws. We will post a notice on the Sites to notify you of any substantive changes to the way we collect and use information.  We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Statement when it was last updated.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by e-mail at claims@alacritysolutions.com or at Alacrity Solutions, Attention: Legal Department, 9725 Windermere Blvd, Fishers, IN 46037.
ADDITIONAL NOTICES TO CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS
Additional disclosures apply for residents of California. The words used in this section have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA grants California consumers rights to know, access, and delete their Personal Information; to opt out of the sale of their personal information; and to not be discriminated against for exercising one of these California privacy rights.
Categories of Personal Information collected:
Identifiers (e.g., name, email address, phone number, account name, IP address)
Personal records (e.g., name, billing & shipping address, credit or debit card information)
Demographics (e.g., gender or age)
Commercial information (e.g., purchases and engagement with the Services)
Internet usage information (e.g., your interactions with our Service, details of service requests)
Audio or visual data (e.g., recordings of customer service calls, photos or videos you post on our Service)
Geolocation data (e.g., location enabled services such as Wi-Fi and GPS)
Employment and education data (e.g., information you provide in an application for employment)
Inferences from Personal Information collected (e.g., information about your preferences, interests, favorites, etc.)
Sources of Personal Information collected:
Directly from you on our Site or our Apps or by telephone (identifiers, personal records, demographics, commercial information, Internet usage information, audio or visual data, inferences from Personal Information collected)
Automated collection via cookies or other technologies (identifiers, Internet usage information, audio or visual data)
From other sources such as affiliates, public sources, data analytics or survey vendors (identifiers, commercial information, demographics, inferences from Personal Information collected)
Purposes of collection:
Delivery of services requested by you, including fulfilling transactions; processing and tracking interactions, payments and warranties; identifying and verifying your identity; and providing access to our systems (identifiers, personal records, demographics, commercial information, Internet usage information, geolocation data, audio or visual data, inferences from Personal Information collected)
Enhancing our services and operations by conducting research and analytics regarding our services, websites, advertising, marketing and internal activities (identifiers, personal records, demographics, commercial information, Internet usage information, geolocation data, audio or visual data, inferences from Personal Information collection)
Communication with you, including regarding transactions, promotions, and surveys; and responding to inquiries and applications (identifiers, personal records, demographics, commercial information, Internet usage information, audio or visual data, geolocation data, employment and education data, inferences from Personal Information collected)
Compliance with laws, legal obligations, and security requirements (identifiers, commercial information, personal records, Internet usage information, geolocation, audio or visual data)
Categories of third parties with whom Personal Information is shared:
Affiliates (identifiers, personal records, commercial information)
Insurance carriers (identifiers)
Service providers, including Google Analytics (identifiers, personal records, demographics, commercial information, Internet usage information, audio or visual data, inferences from Personal Information collected)
Legal, enforcement, security & investigation, as permitted or required, including to comply with law enforcement, legal process, investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity, or records retention; or to enforce contracts or collect amounts owed.
Sale or transfer of business or assets (all)
Purposes of third parties receiving Personal Information:
Performing services on our behalf (identifiers, personal records, commercial information, inferences from Personal Information collected)
Processing and managing interactions and transactions (identifiers, personal records, commercial information, Internet usage information, audio or visual data, inferences from Personal Information collected)
Delivering services requested by you (commercial information, Internet usage information)
Improving our services and security (identifiers, personal records, commercial information Internet usage information, audio or visual data, inferences from Personal information collected)
Rights to Opt-Out, Know and Delete
Per the definition of “sell” in the CCPA, we do not “sell” personal information that we collect from you.
California residents have the right to delete Personal Information we have collected from you and the right to know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which we have collected the Personal Information;
The purposes for our collection of your Personal Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share your Personal Information;
The purposes of our sharing your Personal Information with third parties; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you.
To submit a request pursuant to any of these rights, please contact us, or have your authorized agent contact us, by email at claims@alacritysolutions.com or at Alacrity Solutions, Attention: Legal Department, 9725 Windermere Blvd, Fishers, IN 46037. Please indicate that your request is regarding CCPA Rights and, in your request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of your request. We do not discriminate against you for exercising any rights available under the CCPA. Please note that we are obligated to verify identification and ensure that dissemination of Personal Information would not cause harm if it were distributed to another person. If we exercise our right to deny requests under certain circumstances, we will notify you of the reasons for the denial.
California’s Shine the Light Law
Subject to certain limitations under California Civil Code § 1798.83, if you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you may ask us to provide you with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year. To make such a request, please contact us by email at claims@alacritysolutions.com or at Alacrity Solutions, Attention: Legal Department, 9725 Windermere Blvd, Fishers, IN 46037. Please indicate that your request is regarding “Shine the Light Rights” and, in your request, please provide your name, address, and sufficient information regarding the scope of your request.
Alacrity Solutions 9725 Windermere Blvd, Fishers, IN 46037
800-968-4456
Contact Us
Careers
Office Locations
Privacy
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok