http://www.wccfcu.com/helping-hand-program
Apply For A Loan
How To Join
Hours
Contact Us
×
We provide links to third party websites, independent from Wayne County Community FCU. These links are provided only as a convenience, we do not manage the content of those sites. The privacy and security policies of external websites will differ from those of Wayne County Community FCU. Click 'Continue' to proceed or click 'No' to stay on this site.
Continue
No
About Us
Loans
Deposits
Services
Resources
Back
Meet Our Team
Mission, Vision and Core Values
Credit Union History
Locations
Careers
How To Join
News
Annual Meeting
Contact Us
Back
Vehicle Loans
Credit Cards
RV, Boat and Other Loans
Mortgages
Home Equity Loans
Holiday Loans
Loan Application
Back
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
Money Market Accounts
Certificates
Back
Current Promotions
Financial Management
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
Loan Application
Skip-A-Payment
Lost or Stolen Cards
Helping Hand Program
Other Services
Back
ATM Locator
Calculators
NCUA Share Insurance
Accessibility Statement
Fee Schedule
Current Rates
Privacy Policy
Disclosures
Coronavirus / COVID-19
Online Banking Login
Enroll Now
Online Bank Login
Enroll Now
Helping Hand ProgramNeed Financial Relief in a Time of Crisis?Wayne County Community FCU is here to help our members where we can during any crisis, whether on the national level, the local level or even the personal level. If you are experiencing financial difficulties because of reduced work hours, a job layoff or other reason, our “Helping Hand” program may be able to assist you with extending loan payments (without negatively affecting your credit score), refunding fees, or even providing you with cash at a low interest rate through our “Helping Hand Loan.” For more information, contact one of our Member Solutions Representatives at 330-669-2117 or 330-682-2117. Please also complete our “Helping Hand Request” form which can be found here.Helping Hand Loan Payment Deferrals (Skip A Pay)Members with WCCFCU loans might also be able defer loan payments for 90 days at NO COST and with no adverse effect to your credit report. For more information, please review the Helping Hand Skip A Pay Form which can be found here. To apply, you must also complete the “Helping Hand Request” form which can be found here.Helping Hand LoanOur Helping Hand Loan can provide short term funds at a low interest rate and no payments for 90 days. Individuals must qualify for membership and be approved for the “Helping Hand” Program (the “Helping Hand Request” form which can be found here). Applicants must also complete our standard loan application which can be found here. Some restrictions apply. For more information on this, contact one of our Member Solutions Representatives at 330-669-2117 or 330-682-2117.
GET IN TOUCH
Phone:
(330) 669-2117
Fax:
(330) 669-9216
Routing #: 241281594
STAY CONNECTED
JOIN US
How To Join
*APR = Annual Percentage Rate. Rate based on creditworthiness and term of loan. Rates are subject to change at any time and are not guaranteed. **APY = Annual Percentage Yield.
Your savings are federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government, National Credit Union Administration, a U. S. Government Agency. Wayne County Community Credit Union is an equal opportunity housing lender.
Powered By:
OMNICOMM
NDER