http://www.northernlight.com/docs/search_help_optimize.html
skip to Main Content
Machine learning AI-powered knowledge management platforms for market research, competitive intelligence and social analytics
We power the world's most critical enterprise knowledge applications
250,000 users, 40 insights per search
SinglePoint Portal
Knowledge Sharing at Enterprise ScaleSinglePoint is an AI-powered enterprise portal platform optimized for market research and competitive intelligence, designed to serve complex, global organizations, without adding a heavy burden on IT.
Single Point of Access to All Your InformationSay goodbye to data silos in your knowledge management system.  All of your information — from subscription services, business news, and internal research — is accessed in one place: your organization’s market research/CI portal.  Every portal comes standard with unlimited seats for enterprise-wide sharing so information is democratized across your organization.
Smart InsightsSinglePoint’s machine learning algorithms learn user and organizational preferences to serve up key insights, combining the best of human and machine intelligence to make the work you are doing even more valuable.
Learn More Social Analytics
Informs social media marketing decisionsAnalyze hashtags and keywords to determine what the most effective and efficient hashtags and keywords are for your social media marketing posts and advertising buys.
Reveals competitive strategiesAnalysis of Twitter post hashtags and keywords shows you what competitors are emphasizing so you can detect their strategic focus.
Finds customer insightsSee how tweeters self-categorize themselves by looking at the hashtags they apply to their tweets and the keywords that they use.
Machine LearningBase decisions on a platform that is smart enough to tell the difference between Cancer the astrological sign and Cancer the disease, so you can focus only on relevant posts and make better informed decisions.
Learn More
Northern Light Earns KMWorld Readers' Choice Award
With the global COVID-19 pandemic, the pressure has only increased on companies to understand changing situations faster, make smarter choices, and communicate with clients more effectively. Similarly, the need for stellar KM products has only become more pressing," said Tom Hogan, Group Publisher at KMWorld.
"With so many useful knowledge management products and services to consider, it can be a daunting process to identify the best solution for the job. We hope the 2020 KMWorld Readers’ Choice Awards can provide a resource to help in pinpointing products that offer value.
Learn More
Here's what the experts are saying about SinglePoint.
Jinfo says Northern Light’s SinglePoint machine learning is “the future of search.”
KMWorld recognized Northern Light’s SinglePoint as one of the Trend-Setting Products of 2019.
Download our e-book The SinglePoint ROI: What's In It For You?
When you spend millions a year on market research to help you better understand your customers, your industry, and your competitors, you expect that research to help make better business decisions throughout the company in every marketing, sales, and product development department.
Recent PostsNorthern Light Expands Its Financial Support of Massachusetts Salvation Army’s 2020 Holiday Season InitiativesNovember 25, 2020As community needs increase during the COVID-19 pandemic, Boston-based Northern Light donates to Thanksgiving food distributions and Christmas Castle BOSTON,…Read MoreUnpopular Opinions: What Twitter Trends Reveal That Online Reviews Can’tNovember 18, 2020Unpopular opinions go against the grain. They contradict what’s customary or widely accepted, and they often result in adverse or…Read MoreRich Taxonomies Make Research Less TaxingNovember 11, 2020Anyone who has ever taken high school biology is familiar with the term taxonomy. It is the science of naming,…Read MoreDon't take our word for it. This is what our customers tell us.
“Using the SinglePoint portal, I can get much more work done, three times more work done, than I could before we had it.”
“Northern Light, you saved us $100 million on a single decision over the weekend.”
“SinglePoint enables us to serve thousands of people across the organization with a small, 1-2 person team. Service and support by Northern Light is amazing. There is no hassle, no panic; the portal is always up and running.”
© Copyright 1996 - 2020, Northern Light Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
We take your privacy very seriously. At Northern Light, your trust is our first priority. Any personally identifiable information you share with Northern Light will be used only for purposes of processing your transaction.
We will not give, sell, or rent your name, e-mail address, credit card numbers, mailing address, purchasing history or any other personally identifiable fact we learn about you to a third party.
We have put significant effort into ensuring the safety of your personal information. Our policies are outlined in our Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our policies on privacy, please contact us.
Home
Products
SinglePoint
Social Analytics
Content Collections
Case Studies
Market Intelligence
Primary Market Research
Competitive Intelligence
Research Compliance
Social Media Analytics
Resources
Insights
Success Stories
Knowledge Center
Events
About
About Northern Light
Leadership Team
Giving Back
Careers
Contact
Contact Northern Light
Directions
Request a Demo
Content Distribution Partners
Back To Top×
Privacy Notice
By submitting this form, you agree to the Northern Light Privacy Policy.
Any personally identifiable information you share with Northern Light will be used only for purposes of processing your transaction. We will not give, sell, or rent your name, e-mail address, credit card numbers, mailing address, purchasing history or any other personally identifiable fact we learn about you to a third party.
I Agree