http://www.mbinet.org/HtmlPage.aspx?name=privacy_policy
Modular Building Institute
×
It's time to renew!
Deadline January 31.
×
By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Privacy Policy | Modular Building Institute
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your Name, Email address, Mailing address, Phone number, Credit card information, Company Information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you visit our site, register on our site, place an order, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
-To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
-To quickly process your transactions.
-To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We use cookies for tracking purposes.
If you disable cookiee, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
No, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses..
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Modular Building Institute
285 Hydraulic Ridge Road, Ste 6
Charlottesville, Virginia 22901 USAinfo@modular.org
434-296-3288
888-811-3288
Pinegrow Bootstrap Blocks
Modular Building Institute
285 Hydraulic Ridge Road, Suite 6
Charlottesville, Virginia 22901 USA
888-811-3288 toll-free (US & Canada)
434-296-3288 phone
434-296-3361 fax