http://www.wthills.com/terms-and-conditions
Accessibility
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
IMPORTANT:  These terms and conditions (the "Terms") apply to the entire contents of this website (the "Website").  Please read these Terms carefully before using the Website.  Using the Website indicates that you accept these Terms.  If you do not accept these Terms, do not continue to view or use the Website.
The copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the contents of this site including, but not limited to, the text, information, data, html code, graphic representations or images contained herein and their arrangement ("site content") are the property of Hills unless otherwise stated.  The name "Hills" is a trade mark of W T Hills Limited.  All other trademarks used or referred to in the Website are the property of their respective owners.
Nothing contained in this site shall be construed as conferring any licence or right to any copyright, trade mark, patent or other intellectual property right of Hills or any third party.
This site and the site content may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without the prior written consent of Hills, except that you may download, and display the site content on a single computer, and may print one copy of extracts of the site content (such as articles or reports) for your own personal or internal business use, provided that you do not modify the material in any way, you keep intact all copyright, trade mark, and other proprietary notices, and you do not provide such site content to any third party.  Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved.
The site content is provided for general information purposes only.  This site and its contents are provided "as is" and Hills makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to this site, the site content, or any site or service accessible through this site.  So far as permitted by applicable law, Hills expressly disclaims all representations, warranties and conditions which might otherwise apply to the provision of this site including, but not limited to, any implied warranties or conditions of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.  Save to the extent required by any mandatory provisions of applicable law, Hills and/or its affiliated companies and organisations will not be liable to any party, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential or other damages (including, but not limited to, business interruption or loss of profits, programs or data) arising out of or in connection with this site, the site content, or any site or service accessed via this site.
Use of the site by you does not create any client or professional services relationship between you and Hills or its affiliated companies and organisations. If you are a client of Hills then nothing in these Terms will supersede any provision of any engagement letter or other agreement with respect to that client or professional services relationship.
Where you are required to register any details on the Website, each registration is for a single user only. Hills does not permit you to share your user name and password with any other person nor with multiple users on a network. Responsibility for the security of any passwords issued rests with you.
Other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the Privacy Policy, any material you transmit or post to this Website shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.  Hills shall have no obligations with respect to such material and shall be free to use such material for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Website any material: 8.1 which is in breach of privacy or which may cause offence, annoyance or inconvenience; or for which you have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals; or which constitutes conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, or infringe the rights of any third party, in the UK or any other country in the world; or 8.2 which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).
You may not misuse the Website (including, without limitation, by hacking).  Hills shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Hills to disclose the identity or locate anyone posting any material in breach of paragraph 8.1, 8.2, and this paragraph 9.
Links on this site may lead to services or sites not operated by Hills. No warranty is made with respect to such other services or sites and Hills takes no responsibility for such other sites or services. A link to another site or service is not an endorsement of that site or service. Any use you make of the information provided on any site or service linked to by this site is at your own risk.
Hills maintains this site in England, and you agree that these Terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law.  Any dispute arising in connection with or relating to your use of this site or these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales, save that Hills and/or its affiliated companies and organisations may choose to take action in respect of any infringement of their intellectual property rights in the courts of any other country.  You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this site and you agree that you will not access or use the information on this site in violation of such laws.
Whilst Hills endeavours to ensure that the information on the Website is correct, Hills does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the material on the Website or whether it is up to date, and the Company makes no commitment to update such material.
Hills may remove, amend or replace any provision of these Terms at any time by posting such changes on the site without notice. Your use of this site is subject to the Terms in force at the time of use.
If you breach any of these Terms, your permission to use the Website automatically terminates.
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies. find out more.
I understand