https://www.durhamfoundry.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This policy was last updated on Tuesday 22nd May 2018 and is compliant with all the latest rules and regulations in regards to Data protection within the UK.
In this policy the use of, “we”, “us” and “our” refers to Durham Foundry (Sheffield) Ltd. In this policy the use of, “website” refers to https://www.durhamfoundry.com, http://www.ductilecastiron.com/ & http://www.castironcastings.com/.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we we gather, treat and work with your personal information.
This policy comprises of 3 parts:
Part A: Your Personal Data
What data do we collect?
Who has access to your data?
Retention and deletion of data
Your rights to your data
Part B: Website Cookies
About Cookies
Cookies Our Site Uses
Managing Your Cookies
Part C: Contact Information
By using our website you are agreeing to all of the terms in this policy, this includes (but is not restricted to) the acceptance of the use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Part A: Your Personal Data
In this section of the Privacy Policy we will cover the different types of data that we collect, how it is used, where it is stored, who it’s shared with and your rights to your data.
(1) What data do we collect?
We collect information about your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. This data is stored and collected via Google Analytics. This data is processed for the purpose of analysing the use of our website. The basis for processing the data is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website for our customers.
We may process any information that has been submitted via any of our websites contact forms (“enquiry data”). This data may then be processed for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling relevant services to you. As well as sending you emails with regards to new blog posts, special offers and deals on relevant services.
We may process information provided to us with the intent of subscribing to our email newsletters (“notification data”). This notification data may be processed for the purpose of sending you relevant newsletters. The legal basis for the processing of this data is consent to do so.
We may process any data identified within this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any data identified within this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data”).The transaction data may include your contact details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
(2) Who has access to your data?
We may disclose your personal data to our hosting provider Nublue LTD & website managers Splendid Apple as much as reasonably necessary for the purpose of resolving any issues with the website and/or in order to improve our website for our customers.
We may disclose your personal data to the following third party providers, in accordance with the terms detailed in Section 1 of this policy:
Mailchimp – Notification Data & Enquiry Data
Sage & Sage Systems – Transaction Data
Google Analytics – All Data
Google Adwords – All Data
Google Webmaster Tools – All Data
Bing Webmaster Tools – All Data
Website Cookies – All Data
Outlook – Enquiry Data
Gmail – Enquiry Data
Pension Plan – Staff Data
3rd Party Solicitors – Staff Data
Delivery/Courier Companies – All Data
Health & Safety Executive – Staff Data
Staff Training Providers – Staff Data
Companies House – Staff Data
Local/Governing Bodies – Staff Data
Media Outlets – Staff Data
Trade Organisations – Staff Data
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers as much as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
(3) Retention and deletion of data
Our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data. We outline our policy of data retention & deletion in this section of the policy.
We will retain your personal data as follows
All personal data collect in accordance to section 1 of this policy will be retained for a minimum period of 6 years following the date of collection, and will be retained indefinitely.
In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
the period of retention of all personal data will be determined based on the actions of the individual, the data will be retained indefinitely unless requested to be removed or edited by the individual themselves.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
(4) Your rights to your data
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
the payment of an administrative fee (currently fixed at GBP 10); and
the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Part B: Website Cookies
About Cookies
When you visit a site that uses cookies for the first time, a cookie is downloaded onto your PC. The next time you visit that site, your PC checks to see if it has a cookie that is relevant (that is, one containing the site name) and sends the information contained in that cookie back to the site.
There are 2 different types of cookies “persistent” and “session”; a persistent cookie will be stored by your web browser until its set expiry date or until the user deletes their cookies. Whereas a session cookie doesn’t have an expiry date as its deleted once you close your web browser.
Cookies do not typically store personal information that will allow us to identify you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information the cookie has obtained and stored.
Cookies Our Site Uses
Whilst using our website you accept and consent to the use of the following cookies and terms:
Our website uses a range of different cookies, to view a full in-depth breakdown of our cookies used on the site, please visit: https://www.durhamfoundry.com/cookie-list/
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website, by continuing to use our website you agree and consent to the use of the cookies and each providers individual cookie policy.
We use a variety of Google products on our website. Each of these services integrates its own cookies which are used for many different means. You can see the full breakdown of cookies and the purpose of them on Google’s cookie policy: https://policies.google.com/technologies/types. By continuing to use our website you are accepting the use of Google’s different cookies, should you wish to opt-out of cookies used for marketing purposes you can do so here: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
We use Mailchimp on our website, Mailchimp uses a range of cookies on our website all of which have different purposes. For a full detailed list on the cookies used by Mailchimp and the purpose of them, please visit the Mailchimp cookie policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/cookies. Should you wish to opt-out or alter your cookie preference for Mailchimp you can do so by visiting: https://mailchimp.com/legal/cookies. By continuing to use our website you are accepting the use of Mailchimp’s different cookies.
Our website is built on the WordPress framework, WordPress uses 2 types of cookies. 1 of these being a status based cookie, this is used to check if you are currently logged into the admin area of the website. The 2nd type of cookies is relational to comments, when you post a comment on the the website a cookie will be added to your browser in order to identify you when you visit the site again in the future and will then autofill the comment form field, this is for your convenience rather than any analysis or marketing purposes. For a full list of the cookies used and their purpose you can see the WordPress cookie policy here: https://codex.wordpress.org/WordPress_Cookies. By continuing to use our website you are accepting the use of WordPress’s different cookies.
Managing Your Cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
By blocking all cookies it will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
To opt-out of most Marketing Cookies used by services such as Google and Facebook, then visit the below links and follow the instructions on screen:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
Part C: Contact Information
For General Contact
If you have any issues with our Privacy and/or Cookie Policy, then please feel free to get in touch using 1 of the contact methods below:
Telephone Number: 0114 249 4977
Email Address: castings@durhamfoundry.com
Mailing Address:
Durham Foundry Ltd,
Harleston Street,
Sheffield,
South Yorkshire,
S4 7QB,
United Kingdom.
For Data Contact
If you would like information on the data we currently store on yourself, this includes any requests for updating, deleting or supplying the data. Then please get in touch using the below details, please note any requests for data interaction will carry a 10 GBP administrative charge.
Telephone Number: 0114 249 4977
Email Address: castings@durhamfoundry.com
Mailing Address:
Durham Foundry Ltd,
Harleston Street,
Sheffield,
South Yorkshire,
S4 7QB,
United Kingdom.
Need help with your casting project? Let’s arrange a no-obligation chat about the best way to getting started.
By checking this box you consent to our Privacy Policy. I Accept
Or Call 0114 249 4977
Free Casting Guide
Need your castings manufactured and delivered on time and to budget?
Discover how in our FREE Castings Guide.
download now