http://www.reichpaper.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Our Papers
Tree Free Papers
Translucent Vellums
Digital Printing Papers
Wine Label Papers
Lush Felt Textures
Pure, Luxurious Cotton
Shimmering Metallics
Browse by
Swatch Books
Colors
Letterpress Papers
Tree Free Papers
Digital Papers
Cover/Card Stock Papers
Text/Bond Papers
Invitation/Wedding Papers
Packaging Papers
Food Safety Papers
Our Envelopes
Tree Free Papers
Translucent Vellums
Lush Felt Textures
Pure, Luxurious Cotton
Shimmering Metallics
Browse by
Swatch Books
Colors
Size
Square Flap Envelopes
Pointed Flap Envelopes
No. 10 Envelopes
Square Envelopes
Booklet and Catalog Envelopes
Envelope Dielines
Learn More
About Reich Paper
Customer Service
FAQs
How to Purchase
Technical Printing & Use
Shipping Policy and Return Policy
Paper Terms
Envelope Dielines/Templates
Merchant / Printer Stock Chart
Online Stock Chart
Comparison Chart
Stationery Components Size Guide
Browse Blog
Event Planning
Maker Series
Packaging and Branding
Paper and Print
Paper Terms
Promotions
You are hereHomePrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyReich Paper is committed to the privacy of our customers and visitors to our website.  This privacy Policy states our policy of how personal information is used.
Disclosure of Information
Reich Paper will not share any personal information taken from any point in this website with any third party.
Subscribe to Receive Periodical Information
If you fill out the “Subscribe to receive periodic updates” of our products, please be assured that your information will not be shared with any third party. You may opt out of this feature or change information at any time by contacting us.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect online.
Security During Checkout
Unless requested, we do not keep a copy of your credit card number with your registered account.  If you do not request that we keep a copy of your credit card number, you will have to supply that number and expiration date with each order.  All other information will be saved.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy or Security Policies or wish to place an order via phone, please call 718.748.6000 extension 4.