https://www.acoalcrackerinthekitchen.com/on-line-shopping-terms-conditions/
All orders and purchases made through this website are subject to the Online Shopping Terms and Conditions outlined below. These Online Shopping Terms and Conditions may change from time to time without prior notice, at our discretion.
Use of the shopping cart and placing an on-line order denotes your acceptance of the terms outlined below.
Please make sure you have read our Website Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions related to the use of this Website.
NOTE:
YOU DO NOT NEED A PAYPAL ACCOUNT.
You can pay using your credit card through the Paypal interface.
I do not accept credit cards directly because I do not have a merchant account with credit card processors.
Current Promotions or Coupons
There are currently no codes available.
Customer Service
Questions, comments, bulk orders, etc, please contact me for information. Historical societies, coal region gift shops and retailers are welcomed and encouraged to contact me about adding my line to your shops.
I offer a no minimum quantity requirement and unique items for your patrons/supporters.
Returns & Refunds
NOTE:
All sales are final; no refunds or returns.We do not accept exchanges or returns at this time. We apologize for any inconvenience. However, we want you to be completely satisfied with your shopping experience. If you encounter ANY problem with your order, please contact me FIRST so we can work together to remedy the issue.
Orders are shipped with tracking information; please check the tracking number provided from the carrier to track your shipment or trace it if not received.
Once package tracking shows “Delivered” by the carrier, the seller is no longer responsible for the package and I will not replace goods at my expense.
Shipping & Taxes
Shipping/Sales Locations:
Shipping and sales are currently limited to the 48 Continental United States plus Alaska and Hawaii.
We do not sell or ship to any other destination at this time. Shipping of items ordered online is from Johnstown, PA 15902Standard Shipping Method:
All items purchased through the cart ship from my location; Johnstown, PA 15902.
Shipping is via USPS. Depending on Zone, items, and weight of your order, items may ship via First Class package or Priority Mail 2 Day. No express, overnight or other modes of shipping are offered at this timeHandling Time: Most orders will ship out within 3 to 5 business days of us receiving your order. Business days are Monday thru Friday, no orders are filled or shipped Saturdays, Sundays or US Federal holidays. Allow additional time for your order to move through the USPS system for deliveryShipping Rates:
Shipping is based on current rates and “zones” used by USPS for First Class and Priority Mail Packages. Zones take into account the distance from the origination point to the destination point of a package.
NOTE: Distance affects the price of shipping; the farther a zone is from a package’s origination point, the higher the shipping cost will be.
I am aware that shipping costs are a factor in making on-line purchases, and I do my best to keep costs as low as possible for my customers while covering shipping, packaging supplies, time to package and prepare shipments, and overhead expenses I encounter with on-line sales.
Shipping costs will be clearly displayed in your shopping cart totals. Sales Tax:
Applicable items purchased by Pennsylvania buyers will be subject to 6% sales tax. Shipping on items sold to PA residents is also subject to PA Sales Tax.
Tax will show in your shopping cart and is not included in product listing prices.
Payment Method
I use WooCommerce as the shopping cart system on this site, a trusted system used by thousands of sites world-wide. This site has a security certificate (SSL) and a dedicated IP address. Payments through my on-line store are processed directly through Paypal on the Paypal system of secure servers. When you use Paypal to purchase through my shop, I (the merchant) never see or have access to your credit card number, expiration date, etc.: this information remains with Paypal adding an additional layer of security to your on-line shopping experience.
For your convenience, you do not need to create a PayPal account to pay via Paypal – you can use a credit card without signing up for a Paypal account.
Payment via PayPal is processed by PayPal, 2211 North First Street San Jose, California 95131 (“PayPal”). For information about data protection at PayPal, please refer to PayPal’s privacy policy: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
Data Collected, Usage and Account Set-up
Your address for shipping is collected and stored in order to ensure your order is filled successfully. You will be required to set up an account with our store in order to complete a purchase. You will be able to make changes to your personal information, including email and password, by logging into your account at any time.
The legal bases for the processing of personal data as part of order processing are to perform under a contract and our legitimate interests. Due to commercial and tax regulations, we are obliged to store your order, address and payment data for a period of ten years.
Updates, Errors, Omissions
We may correct errors or inaccuracies and change or update information on this website at any time without notice, including in respect to prices and availability of items. All prices listed on this website are in US dollars and all charges will be processed in US dollars.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Advertisement
Subscribe to My Newsletter!
Please leave this field emptyFirst name
Email *
We keep your data private and share your data only with third parties that make this service possible. Read our Privacy Policy.
Check your inbox or spam folder for an email which you must respond to in order to confirm your subscription.
Please make sure to add this address to your contacts list in order to keep receiving the emails from me that you signed up for!
Most Popular
Liver and Onions with Gravy72495 views
Homemade Halusky With Cabbage and Onion37819 views
Clear Toy Candy37642 views
Pennsylvania Dutch Ham and String Beans34533 views
Pennsylvania Dutch Potato Filling30089 views
Lazy Man’s Pierogi (Polish Noodles)29601 views
Advertisement
Translate This Page