http://www.navitasnaturals.com/pages/privacy-policy
Press ESC to close the menu!
Welcome! Shop By:
Deals
Best Sellers
Product Type
Ingredient
Shop by Benefit
Shop by Diet
Shop by Use
Recipes
Inside Navitas
Cart
Account
Log In
Create Account
Help
Help Center
Shipping & Orders
Product FAQ
How to Use Superfoods
Quality & Certifications
Contact Us
Contact Us
Media & Press
Insider Program
Store Locator
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
Back
Cart
Account
Log In
Create Account
Help
Help Center
Shipping & Orders
Product FAQ
How to Use Superfoods
Quality & Certifications
Contact Us
Contact Us
Media & Press
Insider Program
Store Locator
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
Shop
Super Benefits
Our Story
Recipes
Help
Blog
Log in
Create an account
Search
×
title
content
footer
FREE GIFT WITH DONATION DETAILS
|
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OF$49+DETAILS
0
Shop
Super Benefits
Community
Superfoods with Purpose
0
Shop All
Deals
Best Sellers
New Products
Bundles
Immune Support
Stress Relief
Shop by Ingredient
Acai
Cacao
Chia
Goji
Maca
Shop All
Shop by Type
NEW Superfood+ Blends
All Blends & Boosts
Dried Fruit
Latte Mixes
Power Snacks
Superfood Powders
Shop by Use
Immune Support
Baking Ingredients
Smoothie Solutions
Superfood Snacks
Fairtrade Certified
Books & Accessories
Shop by Diet
Anti-inflammatory
Gluten Free
Keto Friendly
Paleo Friendly
Vegan
Endurance
Anti-inflammation
Detox
Immunity
De-stress
Brain Health
Digestion
Beauty
Recipes
Blog
Superfoods with Purpose
Our Story
Our Growers
Free Shipping Details
Navitas Organics Privacy Policy
Effective: 1/1/2020
Navitas LLC, d/b/a Navitas Organics, including any affiliates and subsidiaries (“Navitas”, “we,” “us,” “our”) values the trust you place in us when you use www.navitasorganics.com and our affiliated websites, applications, and online services (collectively, our “Website”).  This Privacy Policy describes our collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your information.  This Privacy Policy applies to our Website, regardless of how you access or use it, including through mobile devices.
BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE, AND PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website.  We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will post any changes to our Website.  Your continued use of our Website following the posting of any changes will mean you accept those changes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites and mobile applications that may link to the Website or be linked to on the Website.  We are not responsible for the actions or privacy practices of third-party websites and applications; please consult those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect, process, and retain information from you and any devices you may use when you use or interact with our Website, and in other ways described below.
Information You Give Us:  We receive and store information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and photographic image.
Information We Automatically Collect:  We collect information about your use of our Website, such as the purchases you make, the pages you view and other interactions you have. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website.  Our Website uses “cookies,” tagging and other tracking technologies to help enable you to shop on our Website, and enable us to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience.  This information includes computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from our Website, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, and device identifiers. This information also may include your browsing history, transaction history, and your web log information.
Information From Social Media:  When you interact with us or our Website on a social media platform, we may collect the personal information that you make available to us on that page, including your account ID or username and other information included in your posts.
Information From Other Sources:  We may supplement the personal information we collect with information from third parties or collected offline, such as information collected by Navitas at events or collected over the phone and add it to your account information.  This information may include, but is not limited to, demographic information that is publicly available, additional contact information, group affiliations, occupational information, and educational background.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Website, including fulfilling your orders and requests for information, analyzing and compiling trends and statistics, and communicating with you.
We also may use your information to:
Provide requested content, products and services;
Post user generated content as requested;
Communicate with users about account or transactions;
Send users information about features and enhancements on webpage/application;
Communicate about changes to company policies;
Communicate about a comment to a story;
Personalize content, including providing recommendations based on preferences;
Send newsletters, offers and promotions for our products and services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or another medium;
Advertising, including advertising based on your activity on the webpage/application or activity on third party sites and applications;
Administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys;
Optimize or improve our products, services and promotions;
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users and purchasing patterns.
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal;
Optimize or improve our Website, products, services and operations; and
We may use the information from one portion of the Website on other portions of the Website, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Website into a single record.  We also may use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources for many reasons, including to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of our records. Additionally, information collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such information was collected.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
We share your personal information with third parties as described below.  In addition, we may share information that does not specifically and personally identify you, such as aggregate information, device identifiers or other unique identifiers to third parties.
Third-Party Service Providers:  We engage third-party service providers to perform functions on our behalf such as: hosting, content syndication, content management, social media integration, and analytics.  For example, we use third parties to process payments made to us and assist with product fulfillment and other operations.  These third parties may have access to your personal information when needed to perform their functions.  If we share information with these third parties that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, or phone number, we will require the third parties to maintain the confidentiality and security of your personal information, and they will be restricted from using, selling, or distributing such personally identifiable information in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Website or as otherwise required or expressly permitted by law.
Business Partners:  We may share information that personally identifies you with business partners who provide products and services that we think you may be interested in.
Sale, Assignment or Change of Control:  We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Website.  We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction.  Under such circumstances, we will request the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy with respect to previously collected information.  Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process, and Emergency Situations:  We may also use or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or on the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or our Website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Website or our users, or (c) act to protect the personal safety of us, users of the Website or the public.  For example, if you post content information on our website, we may disclose your information to a third party that alleges that you have infringed their intellectual property rights.  Similarly, if you allege that a third party website is infringing upon your intellectual property rights, we may disclose your information to that third party website.
Public Areas, Interactive Features and Activities:  Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as when you review a product, becomes public and anyone may take and use that information. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any information that you expect to keep private. Please consult the applicable guidelines, if any, for use of these features.  Navitas cannot control who views information that you post in public areas of the Website and is not responsible for how third parties, including other users may use or disclose information that you post in public areas of the Website or otherwise share with other users or third parties.
HOW TO ACCESS AND MODIFY YOUR INFORMATION
If you have an online account with us, you can update your account information through your account.
If you would like to request access, modification, correction, or deletion of personal information that you have provided to us or that you believe we may have collected about you, please contact us.  We may not be able to delete your personal information without also deleting your user account.  You will not be permitted to examine the personal information of any other person or entity.  In order to verify your identity, you may be required to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.  We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personal information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
We will honor any legal right that you have to access, modify or erase your personal information.  To request access and to find out whether any fees may apply, if permitted by applicable state, federal, or national law (outside of the United States), please contact us.
CHOICES REGARDING MARKETING EMAILS
When you create an account through our Website or sign up to receive e-mail newsletters or e-mail alerts, you are required to provide us with an accurate e-mail address through which we may contact you.  Such registration or requests through our Website constitutes your express acknowledgment that we may use your e-mail address to communicate with you about product offerings from us, our selected vendors, and partners.  While you cannot opt-out of receiving notifications and other communications regarding your account or your transactions, you can opt-out of receiving promotional and other marketing emails from us by: (1) using the “unsubscribe” feature in our marketing e-mails or (2) contacting us.
COOKIES, TRACKING TECHNOLOGY, AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
Like many websites, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to record your preferences, and track the use of our Website and exposure to our online advertisements.  We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the Website, and make it easier to use and more relevant.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Website may not work or may not work as designed.
Some content or applications on the Website may be served by unaffiliated third parties.  We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.  We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website not operated by us to which our Website links or that link to our Website.
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality.  Our information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to visitors, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising Choices:  You also have choices to limit some tracking mechanisms that collect information when you use the Website.  Many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser’s setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you choose to decline cookies, certain features of our Website, including the Website itself, may not function properly or remain accessible to you.  In addition, you may also render some web beacons unusable by rejecting or removing their associated cookies.  Note that if you choose to remove cookies, you may remove opt-out cookies that affect your advertising preferences.
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., on our Website. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Website, compile reports on the Website’s activity, and provide other services related to Website activity and usage.  The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website.  The Website does not use Google Analytics to gather information that personally identifies you.  The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google click here.
Many of the third party advertisers that place tracking tools on our Website are members of programs that offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information.  You can learn more about the options available to limit these third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, as well as the web pages for Facebook's ad preferences tool and privacy policy.
HOW WE SECURE YOUR INFORMATION
Navitas uses a variety of managerial, technical, and physical measures to protect the integrity and security of your information. These measures may vary based on the sensitivity of your information. However, no security precautions or systems can be completely secure.  We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Navitas, and you do so at your own risk.  We cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
You can help protect the privacy of your own information by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized interception of your personal information.  You are responsible for the security of your information that you transmit to us or view, download, or otherwise access when using unencrypted, public or otherwise unsecured networks.
OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Users Outside of the United States:  If you use our Website outside of the United States, you understand and consent to the transfer of your personal information to, and the collection, processing, and storage of your personal information in, the United States and elsewhere.  The laws in the U.S. and these countries regarding personal information may be different than the laws of your state or country.
Contests, Sweepstakes, and Games:  When we run a contest, sweepstakes or game relating to our Website, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, sweepstakes or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this Privacy Policy.  In conjunction with your entry in such contest or sweepstakes, your personal information will be collected if you voluntarily submit it.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
Shine the Light. California’s “Shine the Light” law permits customers in California to request certain details about how certain types of their information are shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business should either provide California customers certain information upon request or permit California customers to opt-in to, or opt-out of, this type of sharing.
We do not share personal information as defined by California’s “Shine the Light” law with third parties and/or affiliates for such third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with this law, please please e-mail us at hello@navitasorganics.com, telephone us at 888-645-4282 or send us a letter to Navitas Organics c/o Customer Privacy Rights Request, 15 Pamaron Way, Novato, CA 94949. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, email address, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided email address, phone number or mail address.
California Residents under 18. Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have posted content or information on the Services, can request that such information be removed from the Services by e-mailing us at hello@navitasorganics.com. Requests must state that the user personally posted such content or information and detail where the content or information is posted. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view.
Special Information for California Residents. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “Personal Information,” as well as rights to access and control Personal Information. The CCPA defines “Personal Information” to mean “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” Certain information we collect may be exempt from the CCPA because it is considered public information (i.e., it is made available by a government entity) or covered by a federal privacy law, such as the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
To the extent that we collect Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below.
Right to Information Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected, Sold, and Disclosed. You have the right to receive information regarding the categories of Personal Information we collected, sold, and disclosed.  This information is provided below in our Notice of California Consumer Data Collection and Sharing Practices.
Right to Access Information You have the right to request access to Personal Information collected about you and information regarding the source of that information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identify before we can act on your request.
Right to Request Deletion of Information. You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected directly from you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identify before we can act on your request. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Right to Information Regarding Participation in Data Sharing for Financial Incentives. You have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your CCPA rights.
Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties. By law, you have the right to opt out of any sale of your personal information by us to third parties. We do not sell any of your personal information. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the personal information only for that function.
How to Submit a Request.  You may submit a request to exercise your rights through any one of three means:
(1) By downloading, filling out, and returning a Consumer Data Request Form available here.
(2) By calling us at 888-645-4282.
(3) By emailing us at hello@navitasorganics.com.
Notice of California Consumer Data Collection and Sharing Practices.  The following is a description of our data collection practices, including the personal information we collect, the sources of that information, the purposes for which we collect information, and whether we disclose that information to external parties. We may use any and all of the information for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless limitations are listed. The categories we use to describe the information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
Personal Identifiers:
o We collect your name, phone number, email address, and contact address when you complete a transaction, such as a purchase or donation, or sign up for our events or promotions.
o We collect your email address when you sign up for our newsletter.
o You provide us with payment information, which may be your credit card number or a bank account, when you complete a transaction. You have the option to store this information to your account or set up a recurring transaction.
o We do not collect your social Security number, Driver’s License number, or Passport number.
o We do not collect any medical information or health information about you.
o We collect your IP address automatically when you use the Services.
o We collect your Device ID automatically when you use the Services.
Protected Classifications: We collect your age in order to comply with laws that restrict collection and disclosure of personal information belonging to minors. We do not collect your gender, racial or ethnic origin, or sexual orientation.
Donation Information: When you engage in transactions with us, such as submitting a donation, we create records of the contribution you made, reason for the donation, as well as goods or services that may accompany your donation.
Comment Information: When you leave a comment on any story, feature, or document, we will post, display, and maintain your comment on our website.
Biometric Information: We do not collect information about your physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information: We collect information about your browsing history, search history, viewing history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications, videos, or advertisements automatically when you utilize the Services.
Geolocation Data: As described above, we collect your IP address automatically when you use the Services. We may be able to determine your general location based on the IP address. We do not collect your precise location (e.g., your GPS coordinates).
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information: If you contact us via phone, we may record the call. We will notify you if a call is being recorded at the beginning of the call. We do not collect your image or any thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information: If you apply for a job with us, we may collect name, contact information, cover letter, LinkedIn profile, and website, as well as information from your device.
Education information: If you apply for a job with us, we may collect information on the institutions you have attended, the level of education you have attained, your transcript, and writing samples.
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics: We may analyze your actual or likely preferences through a series of computer processes. On some occasions, we may add our observations to your internal profile.
We may share any of the above-listed information with Service Providers, which are external parties that we engage for business purposes and are restricted from using Personal Information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement. The categories of Service Providers with whom we share information and the services they provide are described in this our Privacy Policy.
On certain occasions, we also sell information to third parties. An external party may be considered a third party either because the purpose of sharing is not an enumerated business purpose under California law, or because our contract does not restrict them from using Personal Information for other purposes. To “sell” information means to disclose it to an external party for monetary or other benefit. We sell the following information:
Personal Identifiers:
o We provide your contact information to directory services providers and public safety authorities.
o We provide your IP address and Device ID to our analytics partners.
o If you make a donation, we provide your donor information to our third party donor  partners.
We may also disclose information to other external parties who are not listed here when required by law or to protect us or other persons, as described in this Privacy Policy.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
For questions about our Privacy Policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, or to update your personal information, please contact us.