http://www.econar.com/privacy-policy
Support/Secure
Professionals
Careers
Contact
About Us
Geothermal/Water Source
Solar
Financing
Enertech University
Geothermal/Water SourceSolarFinancingEnertech University
Support/Secure
Professionals
Careers
Contact
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for EnertechUSA.com
What information do we collect?
We collect your information when you register on the Site, respond to a survey, or complete a form. Any information we request that is not required will be shown as optional or voluntary.
You may visit our site anonymously, but when ordering, registering, or completing a form, you may be asked to enter: your first and last name, email address, mailing address, phone number, etc.
Like other websites, this Site uses cookies to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visitors to the Site. Please reference the “Do we use cookies?” section for more information on cookies and how the Site uses them.
What do we use your information for?
We execute a variety of security measures to ensure your personal information is secure when you submit a request, complete a form, or access/provide your personal information in another manner on the Site.
How do we keep your information secure?
We execute a variety of security measures to ensure your personal information is secure when you submit a request, complete a form, or access/provide your personal information in another manner on the Site.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enable the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about the Site’s traffic and interactions to offer better user experience. We reserve the right to contract third-party service providers, like Google Analytics, to help us better understand our website visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we use Google Analytics?
Yes. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit the Site, what pages you visit on the Site, and what other sites you used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information from Google Analytics to improve the Site and your experience. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by visiting this link.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information. This does not encompass trusted third parties who assist us in website operation, conducting of business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release personally identifiable information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. Non-personally identifiable information may be provided to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other use.
Third party links
At our discretion, we may occasionally include or offer third party products, services, or links on the Site. Third party sites on our Site have independent and separate policies and terms. Therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of linked sites. We still welcome feedback on these sites to protect the integrity of our site.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) requires our Site to let you know how we respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Currently, we do not respond to them because we use third party services like Google Analytics and there is not a legal or industry standard to follow. We will watch developments on this and update accordingly.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We follow the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years or older.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
We have taken the steps necessary to ensure we are compliant with CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.
Terms of Service
Please visit our Terms of Service webpage establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website:  Terms of Service.
Your Consent
By using the Site, you consent to our Privacy Policy, which is outlined on this page.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we have changes or updates to our privacy policy, we will post those on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date change.
This policy was last modified on 12/12/2018.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, contact us using the following information:
Enertech Global, LLC 2506 South Elm Street Greenville, IL 62246 USA
Phone:  618-664-9010
Fax:  618-664-4597
Send Us A Message
Contact Us
Phone: (618)
664-9010
Send us a message
Work With Our Products
Learn more about partnering with Enertech to experience how we provide energy-efficient products and services.
Warranty Registration
Your Warranty Coverage
Support
Dealer Financing
Branding Support Guidelines
Enertech
Home
Support
About Us
Careers
Products
Geothermal Products
Solar Products
Enertech Brands
Installation Spotlights
Solar
About Solar
Solar + Geothermal
Get Started With Solar
Get A Solar Quote
Enertech University
Curriculum
Enertech University Guarantee
2506 S Elm Street, Greenville, IL 62246
|
© Enertech Global, LLC
|
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy