http://www.milfordbank.com/resources/privacy-statement/
Best wishes for a happy & healthy
holiday season from our
family to yours!
Holiday Hours (all Offices and Departments):
Thursday 12-24, Closing at 3:00 pm Friday 12-25, Closed
Thursday 12-31, Closing at 3:00 pm Friday 01-01, Closed
Electronic services— ATMs, Internet Banking, Mobile Banking and Telephone Banking will be available for your convenience.
Privacy StatementYou are here: Home / Resources / Privacy Statement
Safe, Strong, Secure…Since 1872
Milford Bank Web Browsing Privacy Statement
We recognize and respect your need for privacy and security as you visit our site. When you visit our site to view any pages, or read product information, you do so without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. While we do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site, we do use standard software to collect information for the strict purpose of tracking activity on our site. This allows us to better understand how many people use our site and which pages and features are most popular. This information is used internally only for the purpose of improving our website and is not given or sold to any other organization.
The type of information we collect is:
The electronic “address” of your Internet service provider.
Browser and operating system versions.
The web site that referred you to us (if any).
Referral information; what you typed into a search engine to find our site.
Date, time and pages you visited on our site, including on which page you came in and on which page you left.
How long you stayed at our site.
Any downloads you requested from our site (if any).
Any forms you filled out on our site (if any).
Information we collect depends on what browser you use. Some objects in Internet Explorer are not supported in Netscape and vice versa. Plus, if you are using a non-graphical browser such as dos-lynx, there is no way to record your browser version or personal info (other than http header information like your IP address) unless you type that into a form or email.
There are instances where you may elect to provide us with personal information. If you fill out one of our feedback or request forms or send us email, you are transmitting the information that appears to you in the form or the message.
Please note that feedback forms and emails are not secure transmissions so remember never to send account numbers, social security numbers or any other information you would like to keep private. This will typically include information like your name, mailing address, email address, the kind of request you are making, and any other information necessary to fulfill your request. You never transmit personally identifying information that you do not enter yourself. And this is always your option; this information cannot be collected unless you specifically elect to send it to us. This information is used internally only for the purpose of fulfilling the request or for contacting you directly and is not given or sold to any other organization.
We hope you find our web site useful and informative and are always willing to answer questions and receive suggestions. If you have either, please email the webmaster at webmaster@milfordbank.com. Thank you.
* We reserve the right to change our privacy policy. A revised policy statement will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date. Any revisions will be posted at least 30 days prior to its effective date.
Popular Links
Home Mortgage Prequalification Form
Reorder Checks
Meet our Business Banking Team
Mortgage Rates
Meet Our Mortgage Specialists
Latest NewsCreating Strong Passwords To Keep Your Digital Accounts SafeDecember 7, 2020 - 4:48 pmSafe Shopping Tips for the HolidaysNovember 25, 2020 - 2:23 pmHow to Avoid Job ScamsNovember 20, 2020 - 5:00 pmFollowon TwitterSubscribeto RSS Feed
Resources
Compliance Lobby Signs
Accessibility Policy
Website Accessibility Policy
How TMB Protects You
Privacy Statement
Financial Calculators
Site Map
Internet Rules
Employee Area
Contact Us
Contact Information Main Phone Numbers
Local: 203-783-5700
24 Hour Automated Account Information 1 (800)-340-4862
Lost or Stolen ATM/Visa Check Card
Toll-free 1 (800)-554-8969
Mailing Address
33 Broad Street
Milford, CT 06460
Routing Number
211170211
LOCATIONS
33 Broad St, Milford
259 Merwin Ave, Milford
205 Bridgeport Ave, Milford
1455 Boston Post Rd, Milford
295 Boston Post Rd, Milford
3651 Main St, Stratford
Loan Production Office
ATM Locations
eNews Sign Up Click here to sign up for security alerts, find out about upcoming events or receive a copy of our customer newsletter.
SIGNUP NOW
Zero spam policy. Opt out any time.
You are now leaving The Milford Bank. You will be automatically redirected.
Links to third-party sites are provided for your convenience only. These sites are not within the control of The Milford Bank and may not follow the same privacy, security, or accessibility standards as The Milford Bank. The Milford Bank does not endorse or guarantee any offerings from the third party providers, nor is The Milford Bank responsible for the security, content or availability of any third-party sites, or their partners.
Continue
Cancel
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Close
Account Enroll
Blog
Branch Locations
Business
Business Loans
Checking, Savings, CDs & Money Markets
Condo Association Loan Program
Financial Planning & Investment Services
Infinex Business
Interest on Lawyers Trust Accounts
Meet Our Lenders
Merchant Services
Other Business Services
Paycheck Protection Program Loan
Contact
Contact2
Homepage – Milford Bank
Inside the Bank
Bank Holidays
Community Relations & Events
Community Services
Customer Newsletters
Employment Opportunities
eNews Sign Up
eNews Unsubscribe
Event Photos
Green Fair
Highlights and Happenings Newsletter
eNews Sign Up – Thank You!
Meet The President
Meet The President 2
Meet the Team
Milford Moves 2015
Milford Moves 5K
Our History
Press Releases
The Milford Bank Foundation
COVID-19 Update
Winter Wonderland Festival
Main Template
Milford Bank Security
Milford Bank Security – Good
Mortgages & Loans
Help for First Time Homebuyers
Home Equity and Consumer Loan Rates
Home Equity Loans and Credit Lines
Home Mortgage Prequalification Form
Loan Products
Meet Our Mortgage Specialists
Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rates Backup
Mortgage Services
Apply Now
The Mortgage Process
Types of Rates
Other Services
Card Valet
Credit Sense
Digital Wallet
eServices
eStatements
Even More Services
Financial Calculators
Mobile Banking
Notifi
Online Banking FAQs
Online Banking for Business
Online Banking for Business
Online Banking for Business
Online Banking for Business – Sign Up
Online Services
Personal Online Banking
Plinqit
Reorder Checks Online
Telephone Banking
Zelle
Zelle – Backup
Zelle FAQ – Backup
Zelle Frequently Asked Questions
Pages
Blank Pages
Maintenance Mode
Pay My Loan
Personal Banking
Cent$ible Kid$
Cent$ible Kid$ Games –
Cash Puzzler
Cent$ible Kid$ Games – Ed’s Bank
Cent$ible Kid$ Games – Road Trip
Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service – CDARS
Certificates of Deposit – CDs
Financial Planning & Investment Services
Insurance Services
IRAs
Kasasa Cash
Kasasa Cash Back
Kasasa Personal Checking
Kasasa Saver
Kasasa Tunes
Other Personal Services
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Schedule of Interest for Deposit Accounts
Resources
Community Reinvestment Act Notice
Connecticut Privacy Protection Policy
Contact
Equal Housing Lender
Funds Availability Policy Disclosure
Home Mortgage Disclosure Act Notice
How TMB Protects You
Internet Usage Rules
Lobby Signs
Privacy Statement
State of Connecticut Community Reinvestment Notice
Summary of Policy
Website Accessibility
Site Map
TMB Financial Solutions
Account Access
Community
Contact Us
Making The Most Of Social Security
Our Process
Services
Team
Scroll to top
Click to listen highlighted text!