http://www.sealord.com/terms-of-use/
Sealord
Phone: 0800 732 5673
Terms of Use
The Sealord website has been designed for people who enjoy seafood. The site is filled with quick, delicious seafood meal solutions, product information and news. We hope you enjoy visiting our site and find the content useful and entertaining.
Our terms of use include our copyright, legal disclaimer, privacy policy and any other terms and conditions on this site. By accessing or using this website, you are agreeing to the terms of use of our website.
Copyright
Sealord Group Limited 2014. All rights reserved.
The Sealord website includes all images, recipes, text and other content and is protected by copyright regardless of whether or not a copyright notice appears on the materials. In addition, the Sealord name and logo are registered trademarks and owned by us and may not be used without our prior written permission.
You may only, for the purpose of private and personal non-commercial use, print (or download to disc) the contents of this website. However, if you wish to copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit this material, in any form for commercial use, you may not do so unless you have the express written permission of Sealord.
Submissions
If you send material through this site, including recipes it is deemed that you have given permission and license to Sealord to use this.
Disclaimer
While we at Sealord will try to ensure all content is up to date and correct, unfortunately we cannot guarantee the accuracy, adequacy, reliability or completeness of the information and materials contained in this website. We cannot be held liable for errors or omissions to the information and material provided, nor can any other party involved in creating, producing or delivery of this site.
No Endorsements
Although this website may refer to third party products or services or link to third party sites, Sealord does not endorse or accept any responsibility for such products or services or the content or accuracy of these sites. You should check their privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information to them or any other third party. We are not responsible for the content or information collection policies of sites operated by other companies.
Exclusion of Liability
Sealord shall not be liable for any damages, or loss, or expense arising from:
Any problems relating to the inability to access or use this website, nor can we guarantee the contents of this website
Any problems relating to interference or damage to your computer including computer viruses
Privacy
The internet offers Sealord the chance to collect information about site users. However, at Sealord your privacy is important to us and we want to be sure that you understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we might collect and use this information. Any personal information collected from this website or Sealord Mobile site will be subject to Sealord’s Privacy Policy.
Sealord’s Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and hold, how we collect and hold it, what we do with it, your rights to view, correct or change it, who we share this information with and how you may enquire about privacy matters.
To access our full Privacy Policy please click here
What about cookies?
A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer and is recognised by our server when you visit our site. A cookie does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. It provides details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (Microsoft Explorer or Netscape) and what domain you are accessing our site from. With this information we can do the following:
Track traffic patterns to our site.
Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.
Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.
If you would rather we did not use cookies with you, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our site.
Opting in and opting out
You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our member services. Please see below for relevant contact details
Revision
Sealord reserves the right to change and update both the website and the Terms of Use at any time
Contact
If you have any enquiry please contact us at inquiries@sealord.com