http://www.networkoverseas.cc/en/about/policies
Home
Candidate
Clients
Regions
Sectors
Our People
About
Back to
About
Monitoring and Review
The Company will monitor and review the effectiveness of its equality, diversity and inclusion strategy on a regular basis and in accordance with changes in the law. In particular, the Company will monitor the ethnic and gender composition of the existing workforce and of applicants for jobs (including promotion) and the number of people with disabilities within these groups. The Company will also review its Equality, Diversity and Inclusion policy in accordance with the results shown by the monitoring. If changes are required, the Company will implement them. Information provided by job applicants and for monitoring purposes will be used only for these purposes and will be dealt in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Grievances
If an employee considers that he or she has been unlawfully discriminated against, he or she may use the Company grievance procedure to make a complaint. The Company will take any complaint seriously and will seek to resolve any grievance. An employee will not be penalised for raising a grievance even if the grievance is not upheld, unless the complaint is both untrue and made in bad faith. Use of the Company’s grievance procedure does not affect an employee’s right to make a complaint to an employment tribunal.
Employee Responsibilities
Every employee is required to assist the Company to meet its commitment to provide equal opportunities in employment and avoid unlawful discrimination. Employees can be held personally liable as well as, or instead of, the Company for any act of unlawful discrimination. Employees who commit serious acts of harassment may be guilty of a criminal offence. Acts of discrimination, harassment, bullying or victimisation against employees or customers are disciplinary offences, and will be dealt with under the Company’s disciplinary policy and procedure. Discrimination, harassment, bullying or victimisation constitute gross misconduct and could lead to dismissal without notice.
Customers, Suppliers and Other People Not Employed by the Company
The Company will seek to work with customers and suppliers who share our equality, diversity and inclusion ethos. The Company will not discriminate unlawfully against customers using or seeking to use facilities or services provided by the Company. Employees should report any bullying or harassment by customers, suppliers, visitors or others to their manager who will take appropriate action.
Training
The Company will provide training in equal opportunities to all employees. The Company will provide appropriate training to all existing and new employees and others engaged to work at the Company, to help them understand their rights and responsibilities and what they can do to help create a working environment free from any form of discrimination, bullying and harassment and any other infringements of equality of opportunity.
The Company will monitor the ethnic, gender and age composition of the existing workforce and of applications for jobs (including promotion), and the number of people with disabilities within these groups, and will consider and take any appropriate action to address any problems that may be identified as a result of the monitoring process.
The Company cannot lawfully discriminate in the selection of employees for recruitment or promotion, but the Company may use appropriate lawful methods, including lawful positive action, to address the under-representation of any group which the Company identifies as being under-represented in particular types of job.
The Company will consider any possible indirectly discriminatory effect of its standard working practices, including the number of hours to be worked, the times at which these are to be worked and the place at which work is to be done, when considering requests for variations to these standard working practices, and will refuse such requests only if the Company considers it has valid reasons for doing so. The Company will comply with its obligations in relation to statutory requests for contract variations. The Company will also make reasonable adjustments to its standard working practices to overcome barriers caused by disability.
Selection for employment, promotion, training or any other benefit will be on the basis of aptitude and ability. All employees will be helped and encouraged to develop their full potential and the talents and resources of the workforce will be fully utilised to maximise the efficiency of the organisation.
Person and job specifications will be limited to those requirements that are necessary for the effective performance of the job. Candidates for employment or promotion will be assessed objectively against the requirements for the job, taking account of any reasonable adjustments that may be required for candidates with a disability.
It is unlawful to treat someone less favourably on grounds of disability than others without that disability are or would be treated, unless the favourable treatment can be justified, or to fail to make reasonable adjustments to overcome barriers to using services caused by disability. The duty to make reasonable
adjustments includes the removal, adaptation or alteration of physical features, if the physical features make it impossible or unreasonably difficult for disabled people to make use of services. Some types of harassment or bullying will be unlawful discrimination. It is unlawful to victimise someone because he/she has alleged unlawful discrimination or supported someone to make a complaint or given evidence in relation to a complaint.
EQUALITY OF OPPORTUNITY IN EMPLOYMENT
All employees, whether part-time, full-time or temporary, will be treated fairly and with respect.
Our business diversity strategy has to continue to reflect that shift if we are to remain a key player and critically, to maintain our increasing share of the market in which we operate. We also believe that morally, it is the right thing to do hence the Company’s strategy is to embed equality, diversity and inclusion in all areas of the organisation.
BACKGROUND
An integral element of the strategy is the Company Equality, Diversity and Inclusion Policy. In summary: It is unlawful to discriminate directly or indirectly in recruitment or employment on grounds of sex, gender reassignment, pregnancy, colour, race, nationality or ethnic origins, sexual orientation or religion or belief, or because someone is married or is a civil partner.
Equality, Diversity & Inclusion Policy
PURPOSE
The Company is committed to providing equality of opportunity in employment and to encouraging diversity and inclusion within its workforce. Each employee has the right to work in an environment that is free from direct and indirect discrimination and one in which individual differences and contributions are recognised and valued. The Company will not tolerate any form of intimidation, bullying or harassment by promoting an environment in which there is dignity and respect for all.
Network (NDIL) recognises that over the next five years the UK’s demographic profile will change and we shall become a truly multi-cultural society.
Remember that some of our website's features won't work with cookies turned off.
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Google Chrome
Opera
Safari
Safari iOS
Android
Blackberry
Windows Phone
Cookie Policy
When you use our websites, mobile sites, or other digital services, information may be collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files which are downloaded when you visit a website or application. Your browser can read these files and in some cases remember your preferences, e.g. which content to display on the screen.
Cookies are not programs and so can't contain a virus. They are stored in .txt format so you can open them with Notepad or any other text editor. They usually contain two pieces of information - a site name and a unique user ID.
Please use the links below to find out more details on how to manage cookies from each of the major browsers.
Security Measures
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use and disclosure, unauthorised destruction or accidental loss.
English Law
The Website and the content and material on it are subject to English Law. Any disputes (of whatever nature and not limited to contractual issues) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts under English Law.
Viruses
Network shall have no liability to you for any direct or indirect loss suffered, whether financial or otherwise, as a result of viruses transmitted via the website.
Changes to these terms
Network reserves the right to add to or change these terms. Any changes will be posted to the Website, and the responsibility is with you to refer to the terms on accessing the Website.
Copyright
The copyright in www.networkdesign.cc and www.network.cc belongs to Network and all rights are expressly reserved except with the prior written consent of Network. The copying, reproduction, redistribution, retransmission or storage of all parts of the contents of this Website is expressly prohibited (save only that you may download and print out pages from the Website for the sole purpose of viewing for your own personal use).
A bribe is a financial advantage or other reward that is offered to, given to, or received by an individual or company (whether directly or indirectly) to induce or influence that individual or company to perform public or corporate functions or duties improperly.
Employees and others acting for or on behalf of Network Design International Ltd are strictly prohibited from making, soliciting or receiving any bribes or unauthorised payments. As part of its anti-bribery measures, we are committed to engage only in transparent, proportionate, reasonable and bona fide hospitality and promotional expenditure. A breach of our Anti-Bribery policy by an employee will be treated as grounds for disciplinary action, which may result in a finding of gross misconduct and immediate dismissal.
Anti Bribery & Corruption
We are committed to applying the highest standards of ethical conduct and integrity in all of our business activities. Every employee and individual acting on our behalf is responsible for conducting company business honestly and professionally.
We consider that bribery and corruption has a detrimental impact on business by undermining good governance and distorting free markets. We benefit from carrying out business in a transparent and ethical way and by helping to ensure that there is honest, open and fair competition in our sectors.
The Board and senior management are committed to implementing and enforcing effective systems to prevent, monitor and eliminate bribery, in accordance with the Bribery Act 2010. We have issued an Anti-Bribery Policy. The Anti-Bribery policy applies to all employees and they are required to familiarise themselves and comply with the policy.
disclosure of this information to prospective employers and clients in connection with the recruitment process, and the sharing of aggregate information with selected third parties. Network considers the security of your data imperative. Access to your personal data is only provided to our staff and third parties who help us to process data and, in order to help with the recruitment process, to prospective employers or customers. Any policy changes (due to business or legislation changes) will be posted on this site or notified through e-mail. If you wish to remove your name from our database please e-mail us at remove@network.cc
Sensitive personal data may be collected and processed only as is necessary to ensure we conform to legal requirements. By using this website and by registering your details with us, you consent to us collecting and processing sensitive personal data supplied by you, disclosure of this information to prospective employers and clients in connection with the recruitment process, and the sharing of aggregate information with selected third parties.Network considers the security of your data imperative. Access to your personal data is only provided to our staff and third parties who help us to process data and, in order to help with the recruitment process, to prospective employers or customers. Any policy changes (due to business or legislation changes) will be posted on this site or notified through e-mail. If you wish to remove your name from our database please e-mail us at remove@network.cc
Data Protection
Network Design International Ltd will use information supplied by you (including, without limitation, sensitive personal data) to aid the recruitment process and associated administrative functions, including, where Network considers it necessary, the disclosure of your personal data to related third parties. Network is committed to privacy for everyone who uses this site. The Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998 require us to comply with certain regulations, which are designed to ensure that any personal data you provide to us is processed with due care and attention. Network collects personal data about you to help in the recruitment process. This data consists of information such as that contained within a CV, assessment information, information that is required to be collected by law, as well as aggregate data (such as demographic and geographic trends) derived from processing information collected that may facilitate service improvements.
10. Network’s usage of your personal data is governed by the Terms and Conditions of Network’s privacy policy. By accepting the Terms of Use, you expressly consent to the disclosure of personal data to third parties and to Network’s usage of your information as detailed in the privacy policy.
11. You understand and acknowledge that the vacancies advertised on the Website will be subject to local recruitment and employment legislation in the country where the job is based.
5. You will not pass on confidential access information necessary to access this site, for example passwords and usernames.
6. Network makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the completeness, accuracy, reliability, adequacy, suitability, currency or operation, of the information contained in our site.
7. Network disclaims all liability arising from negligence or otherwise in relation to this site or in relation to any information.
8. You agree that you will exercise caution and take care not to breach any provision of your employment contract and any other contractual obligations you have entered into in respect of your employment when using the Website.
9. Network does not guarantee that an employer, or any third party who has a role in the recruitment process, will offer you a position, ask for an interview or review your information posted to this site.
2. By using this site you are accepting and assuming the risk that the information may be out of date, incomplete, and inaccurate or may not meet your individual requirements.
3. You are responsible for ensuring that all information which you supply is true, complete, accurate, up-to-date and not misleading or likely to mislead or deceive and that it is not discriminatory, obscene, offensive, defamatory or otherwise illegal, unlawful or in breach of any applicable legislation, regulations, guidelines or codes of practice or the copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of any person in any jurisdiction.
4. Network shall in its sole discretion determine your compliance with the above and shall have the right to prevent you from using the Website without any prior notice.
Terms of Service
www.networkdesign.cc and www.network.cc are the websites of Network Design International Ltd.
Network is committed to safeguarding the information that you provide on this website and has also outlined the terms and conditions under which it may be used by you. If you have any issues relating to privacy, terms or any legal aspect of www.networkdesign.cc please email stuart.newman@network.cc By using this site you are accepting and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions outlined below:
1. You will not post or transmit to the Website any material that contains a virus or disabling services that interfere with the operation of the site or infringe on any intellectual property right of any third party or that could affect Network’s reputation or that defames, abuses, harasses or threatens others or encourages any illegal activity.
Privacy Policy
The Network Design International name and all its trading styles are synonymous with a commitment to integrity and professionalism in the recruitment market place
This means that we will treat all your dealings with Network, whether through this website or more generally, in the strictest confidence. If you are using us to look for a new job we will not under any circumstances submit your CV or any identifying details about you to any third party without your specific prior knowledge and consent. Likewise, if you are a client or potential client we will not disclose the contents of any communication with us without your authorisation.The information and graphics contained in this website are protected by copyright, which belongs to Network Design International Limited. The contents may be copied for the purposes of viewing, but may not be permanently stored or copied for further distribution.
Hide
Job Search
Category
Engineering
Medical
Teaching
Construction
Other Vacancies
All / Any Area
Bahrain
Kuwait
Oman
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
UAE
Other Locations
Any Salary
to £34,999
£35,000 to £49,999
£50,000 to £74,999
£75,000 +
Email your CV
Email Job Alert
Latest Jobs
Consultant ENT, UAEUp to £145000 Obs / Gynae Consultant., UAEUp to £140000
more ...
Tweet
Tweets by @networkoverseas
Network Overseas
Recruitment Consultants
34 Mortimer Street
London W1W 7JS
Telephone: +44 (0)20 7580 5151
Fax: +44 (0)20 7580 6242
overseas@network.cc
Site and Privacy policies
Cookie policy
Confidentiality notice
Site designed by Em-project.com
Recruitment website build by 360 Systems