http://www.responsys.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html#adchoices
Responsys | Marketing | CX | Oracle
home
nav
Oracle
Close
Search
Search
Products
Resources
Support
Events
View AccountsSign In
Back
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Cloud Free Tier
No results found
Your search did not match any results.
We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:
Check the spelling of your keyword search.
Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”
Try one of the popular searches shown below.
Start a new search.
Trending Questions
Close
Applications
Customer Experience
Marketing
Contact us
Oracle Responsys
Design and launch contextually relevant digital marketing campaigns to reach every consumer. Oracle Responsys helps you manage, personalize, and orchestrate interactions across all channels to deliver timely, helpful messages in the moments that matter—all without code, complex technical training, or reliance on other experts.
See how Oracle Responsys can help you.
Take a tour
Explore Oracle Responsys
Email marketing
Targeting and segmentation
Cross-channel experiences
Testing and optimization
Analytics
Loyalty
Individualized email marketing
Produce inspiring email messages simply and efficiently with dynamic personalization that ensures every customer is treated as an individual. Achieve enterprise scale without sacrificing customer preferences.
Campaign production
Use an intuitive, code-optional email message designer to personalize your campaigns. Quickly toggle between device previews to ensure the email consistently renders as expected.
Improved deliverability
Ensure each message reaches its intended recipient. Gain a competitive advantage with Oracle’s Deliverability Plus, designed to maximize delivery success.
Secure collaboration
Improve cross-team collaboration. Match platform access to job responsibilities and create permissions that fit your organizational structure. Facilitate process management across teams and contractors to ensure efficient delivery of campaigns.
Advanced professional services
Collaborate with our full-service Oracle Consulting Services organization to augment your team’s capabilities and resolve any outstanding digital marketing needs.
The Forrester Wave™: Email Marketing Service Providers, Q2 2020
Gartner Magic Quadrant for Multichannel Marketing Hubs
Video: Campaign Designer overview (3:28)
Segment and target with ease
Connect, activate, and leverage data from multiple sources to define segments that improve engagement with each customer. Continuously measure performance of all key segments to ensure each message is appropriate and relevant.
Audience designer
Assemble audiences from any customer segments and easily filter out those you need to exclude. Simplified subscription management allows you to easily prepare your distribution list for any cross-channel communication.
Detailed campaign analytics
Use data visualization dashboards to evaluate performance or export custom-built reports by audience, segment, or individual.
Real-time personalization
Respond to any customer event from any digital channel as the customer is interacting with your brand. You can personalize multi-step or simple campaigns, and any content within campaigns, based on a customer’s unique behavior.
Blog: Email Deliverability Quarterly
Getting the Digital Handshake Right (PDF)
Consistent cross-channel experiences
Ensure your brand voice is consistent across email, SMS, mobile, push, web push, and social for each individual. This provides a unified voice across all touchpoints and channels, enhancing your customer’s experience.
Personalized mobile marketing
Autonomously create mobile campaigns that deliver content across mobile push and rich push messages. Tailor interactions to each customer’s demonstrated interests and preferences.
Browser push
Deliver messages directly to customers via their browser, on desktop or mobile devices. Messages appear in native message centers and do not require a customer to be on your website.
Customer journey orchestration
React to unpredictable customer behavior with Oracle’s purpose-built AI to select the next best channel and message. Easy manual settings help you prepare multi-channel marketing by selecting customer data from intuitive dropdown menus.
Oracle CX Mobile SDK
Configure and implement your customer mobile lifecycle using the Oracle CX Mobile SDK. Coordinate easily across mobile channels, reducing complexity while improving your customer’s mobile experience.
Video: Interactive push notifications (2:17)
Cross-channel marketing (PDF)
Video: Getting Started with Oracle Responsys Program (3:16)
Test and optimize campaigns
Optimize campaign performance with easy-to-use A/B and multivariate testing. Choose the best testing methodology to fit your unique needs and learn more about your customers’ preferences.
Test outcome design
Deploy different versions of a campaign alongside a control, and designate the winning message based on your own KPIs. Be confident your results are statistically significant.
Expansive multivariate testing
Run multivariate testing for up to eight creative variations at once.
Determine the best subject lines, images, content blocks, or other personalization elements to understand customer preferences.
Blog: Email frequency and list growth
Blog: Email marketing trends of 2020
Actionable analytics and insights
Access insightful analytics to quickly and easily determine how campaigns, programs, and messages are performing across different segments, channels, and devices.
Prebuilt reports
Useful, out-of-the-box reports designed by marketers and for marketers to make it easy to evaluate campaign performance. Customizable reports are also available for your unique use case.
Campaign revenue insight
Quickly and easily understand revenue earned from each purchasing segment across different channels, and perform sophisticated analysis easily and independently – no need to rely on IT to help inform marketing decisions.
Purpose-built AI
Use a recency, frequency, monetary (RFM) dashboard to find your best customers, a customer lifetime value dashboard to identify those with the highest potential, and fatigue analysis to avoid message fatigue—without needing a data scientist.
Video: Introducing RFM (0:54)
Blog: Email performance measurement
Video: Assessing marketing fatigue (3:22)
Loyalty and engagement
Easily connect your customer loyalty programs to your digital marketing. Ensure customers stay current and connected while rewarding them for their brand advocacy.
Respond to every event
Continually adapt customer journeys based on real-time events.
React to opens, clicks, purchases, browses, searches, abandonment, social sharing, or any event unique to your customers.
CrowdTwist integration
Respond to core lifecycle marketing events in real time to drive deeper customer relationships. Capture rich first-party data—profile data, engagement data, and purchase data—through CrowdTwist's integration with Responsys.
Ultimate Guide to Omnichannel Loyalty (PDF)
Brands Consumers Can't Live Without (PDF)
The Marketer’s Guide to Brand Loyalty (PDF)
View all customer successes
Oracle Responsys customer successes
Learn how companies like yours use Oracle Responsys to help their teams succeed.
Realtor.com creates 1:1 experience with Oracle Responsys
Watch the video
(2:00)
June 4, 2020
Oracle Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2020 Magic Quadrant for Multichannel Marketing Hubs
Steph Dollan, Product Marketing Manager, Oracle CX
Gartner named Oracle a Leader in their 2020 Magic Quadrant for Multichannel Marketing Hubs for the third time since the report’s inception three years ago. For the report, Gartner analyzed 19 vendors across 15 different evaluation criteria based on "Ability to Execute" and "Completeness of Vision". We believe this evaluation recognized the continued strength of our marketing stack and the new capabilities we’ve been developing to help marketers meet the ever-changing needs of their customers.
Read the complete post
Featured blogs
View all
Key benefits
Adapt and scale to market changes
Pivot active marketing programs in response to unexpected market changes or business volumes, to ensure, reliable and contextual
communications.
Improve time-to-market with intelligent workflows
Launch campaigns faster using intuitive, customizable workflows that help you and your teams accomplish more with less reliance on IT.
Enhance personalization with real-time data
Connect real-time customer behaviors
to your digital marketing programs to ensure timely and, relevant messages that drive higher conversions.
Catch costly production errors before they occur
Easily review and detect campaign errors in new marketing initiatives before they occur.
Resources
Cloud readiness
Documentation
Customer community
Cloud learning
Support and services
B2C Campaign Management release readiness
Get up to speed on the latest release of Responsys and ensure that your upgrade is a success. Review the latest features, including capability overviews, business benefits, setup considerations, and usage tips.
Learn more
Forrester Report: The Forrester Wave™: Email Marketing Service Providers, Q2 2020
Oracle received the highest score in the strategy category in Forrester's latest email marketing service providers evaluation. Oracle's strengths include:
Delivering on a timely, relevant multi-channel experience
Empowering marketers to understand each individual customer and respond to their unique needs
Consistently delivering scale and a significant global footprint
Read the report
Topliners for Oracle Responsys
Part of the Oracle Community, Topliners for Oracle Responsys is a content-rich, engaging, and interactive space to share information, questions, and comments about Responsys and related technologies.
Explore Topliners
Additional information
LinkedIn community
CX Customer Connect
Develop your Responsys skills
Oracle University provides learning solutions to help build cloud skills, validate expertise, and accelerate adoption. Learn more about training and certification you can rely on to ensure your organization's success.
Browse Responsys training
Learning resources
Free CX Marketing training
CX Marketing learning subscription
Responsys certification
Responsys help center
The Responsys Help Center provides you with product documentation and videos to help you become successful with Responsys. Learn about what’s new, user basics, and how to get started.
Learn more
Additional information
Consulting
Find a Partner
Partner with Oracle CX
You may also be interested in…
Oracle Infinity
Real time digital analytics
See product details
CX Audience
Segmentation and targeting
See product details
CrowdTwist
Engaging loyalty experiences
See product details
Maxymiser
Web testing and personalization
See product details
Get started
Request a demo
See what Oracle Cloud CX can do for you.
Watch a demo
Take a tour
Explore the Cloud CX suite on your own.
Browse tours
Subscribe
Stay up to date with the latest CX news and information sent directly through email.
Get the newsletter
Contact us
Talk to a team member about Oracle Cloud CX.
Get in touch
Resources for
Developers
Startups
Students and Educators
Partners
Oracle PartnerNetwork
Find a Partner
Log in to OPN
Solutions
Artificial Intelligence
Internet of Things
Blockchain
What’s New
Oracle’s response to COVID-19
Java SE Downloads
Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier
Contact Us
US Sales: +1.800.633.0738
How can we help?
Subscribe to emails
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Oracle
Integrated Cloud Applications & Platform Services
© 2020 Oracle
Site Map
Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info
Country/Region
Ad Choices
Careers