https://www.automatedconveyors.com/terms-conditions-2/
Call:
870-732-5050
Menu
Home
Custom Solutions
Catalog
Download Catalog PDF
Paint Colors
Lead Times
Distributor Zone
Employee Zone
About Us
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
Local Weather
Cookie Policy (US)
Privacy statement (US)
Cookie policy (CA)
Privacy statement (CA)
Cookie policy (EU)
Privacy statement (EU)
Cookie policy (UK)
Privacy statement (UK)
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
The information included on this website contains standard specifications, optional equipment and accessories, for the pre-engineered ACSI line of conveying equipment. This site is designed to make it easier for you and your customers to select the correct equipment for each application. By properly selecting and integrating the equipment contained in this site, a conveyor system from the very simple to the highly complex can be created.
If the equipment contained on this site does not meet the requirements of a particular application, ACSI offers custom engineered or modified standard equipment. The ability to design and manufacture “specials” (“Engineered-to-Order”) has been a great contributing factor in the growth of ACSI. The company is committed to a program of expanding it’s standard product line. In keeping with this policy, many new products are in various stages of design and development.
WARRANTY
Automated Conveyor Systems, Inc., warrants its products to be free of defects in materials and workmanship
for a period of one year from the date of shipment or 2080 operating hours, whichever occurs first.
ACSI, will repair or replace, at ACSI’s option, F.O.B. West Memphis, AR, any part proving defective according to the terms of this warranty. ACSI must be notified in writing of the claimed defect, including a description of the part, a description of the defect and date defect was discovered. ACSI reserves the right to inspect said defect at purchaser’s installation site or to have said defective part or parts returned to ACSI via commercial freight carrier for inspection. Installation expense and any other expense associated with the removal of claimed defective part shall be borne by purchaser and ACSI’s liability is extended only to furnishing said part or parts.
ACSI is not liable for incidental or consequential damages, such as loss of profit, delays or expenses incurred by failure of said part or parts or for failure of equipment to comply with any federal, state, or local laws.
Failure due to abuse, negligence, accident, improper repair, improper maintenance, incorrect adjustments, exposure to a corrosive or abrasive environment, operation under any degree of moisture or alteration / modification to the equipment without ACSI’s written authorization, does not constitute failure due to defects in workmanship or materials.
Component parts not manufactured by ACSI (i.e.: motors, gear reducers, etc.) will be repaired or replaced at the option of the manufacturer. Contact the nearest authorized service center for those warranty claims. The warranty as specifically set forth here-in shall be purchaser’s exclusive warranty and is hereby provided by ACSI in lieu of any and all other warranties, actual or implied.
NOTE: ANY COMPONENT PART (OR PARTS) NOT MANUFACTURED BY ACSI THAT HAS (HAVE) BEEN TAMPERED WITH PRIOR TO INSPECTION BY THE MANUFACTURER’S AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE, SHALL BE DEEMED FREE OF ALL WARRANTY CLAIMS.
AUTOMATED CONVEYOR SYSTEMS, INC. | WEST MEMPHIS, ARKANSAS
Custom Conveyor Systems
With the flexibility you deserve!
Craftsmanship you can stand behind
Service that leads the way