http://www.pefcu.com/about/help-and-resources/pefcu-university/
Skip to main content
Accounts
Savings
Deposit Rates
Clubs
Secondary Savings
Holiday Club Account
Free Checking
Overdraft Protection
Courtesy Pay
Reorder Checks
Investments
Deposit Rates
Money Market
Share Certificates
IRAs
Investment FAQs
More Account Info
Applications & Forms
Direct Deposit
Schedule of Fees & Charges
Loans
Consumer Loans
Personal Line of Credit
Publix Stock
Savings, Secured & Certificate Secured Loans
Charge/Credit Card Payoff
New PC Loans
Vehicle & Boat Loans
Cars & Trucks
Motorcycles
UTVs/ATVs
Boats & RVs
Home Loans
First Mortgage
Second Mortgage
Mortgage FAQs
More Loan Info
Check Application Status
Consumer Loan Application
VISA Credit Card Application
Loan Rates
Cards
Cards
Services
Online Services
Online Banking
Bill Pay
VISA Checkout
Loan Payments From Other Financial Institution
Mobile Services
Mobile Banking
Mobile Deposit
Send Money
Mobile Banking FAQs
Financial Tools
Calculators
FREE Credit Report
Knowledge of Financial Education
Insurance
Accidental Death & Dismemberment
Auto & Home Coverage
Life, Cancer, & Medicare Insurance
NCUA Share Insurance
Other Services
CAT 24/7 (Computer Access by Telephone)
CO-OP ATM Network
Wire Transfers
Free Notary & Signature Guarantee
Safe Deposit Box
About
About Us
Membership Eligibility
Select Employee Groups (SEGs)
Donation Requests
Annual Report
ADA / Web Accessibility
Locations & Hours
Lakeland Branch
Altamonte Springs Branch
Jacksonville Branch
Norcross Branch
Pembroke Pines Branch
Royal Palm Beach Branch
Sarasota Branch
Help and Resources
Disclosures
Privacy
Brochure Rack
PEFCU University
Holiday Closings
Live Chat FAQs
Newsroom
Careers
Join Our Team
Who We Are
Benefits & Perks
Blog
About
PEFCU University
Don't Pay to Be a Mystery Shopper
In the last several months, we have seen increased activity among scammers attempting to take your money and as a trusted mystery shopping provider.  If you have received a letter from a fraudulent mystery shop company, we suggest you contact one or all of the following:
Your local police department. Ask for the Cyber Crimes department or an investigator.
Your local FBI office or submit a tip electronically.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC), which handles complaints about deceptive or unfair business practices. To file a complaint, visit FTC Contact, call 1-877-FTC-HELP, or write to Federal Trade Commission, CRC-240, Washington, DC 20580.
Here are some of the clues that will help you identify the contact as a scam:
You are sent 'money' in the form of a check in advance of you performing a shop. The checks are typically fraudulent and the financial institution where you deposit them may collect the deficiency from you.
You are asked to pay money to become a shopper. Legitimate mystery shopping firms never ask for money from a shopper. A good source to consult about current scams is the Mystery Shopping Providers Association (MSPA).
Offer includes a high payment amount for a relatively easy assignment. If something sounds too good to be true, it usually is! Beware of marketers who send you a large check that you are to deposit into your account, then ask you to send a portion of the deposit back to them and claim you may keep the remaining balance as a fee for your service.
Protect Yourself from  Identity Theft and Fraud
The Security Center brings you safety tips, security notices and the most current scam alerts to help protect you and your security online.
You are now leaving the Publix Employees Federal Credit Union's web site
By clicking on this link, you will be leaving the Credit Union's website and our Privacy Policy.
This web site is not operated by PEFCU. PEFCU makes no representations or warranties about any other Web site which you may access through this one.
When you access non-PEFCU Web sites, even though they contain the PEFCU logo and content regarding PEFCU's products and services, such web sites are independent of PEFCU and PEFCU has no control over the operation of non-PEFCU sites.
In addition, a link to a non-PEFCU Web site does not mean that PEFCU endorses that Web site or has any responsibility for the use of such a Web site.
Cancel
Continue
You are now leaving the Publix Employees Federal Credit Union's web site
By clicking on this link, you will be leaving the Credit Union's website and our Privacy Policy.
This web site is not operated by PEFCU. PEFCU makes no representations or warranties about any other Web site which you may access through this one.
When you access non-PEFCU Web sites, even though they contain the PEFCU logo and content regarding PEFCU's products and services, such web sites are independent of PEFCU and PEFCU has no control over the operation of non-PEFCU sites.
In addition, a link to a non-PEFCU Web site does not mean that PEFCU endorses that Web site or has any responsibility for the use of such a Web site.
Cancel
Continue