http://www.scriptorium.com/legal
Legal NoticesSite content © Scriptorium Publishing Services, Inc. All rights reserved.Scriptorium Publishing Services, Scriptorium Press, the Scriptorium Publishing Services logo, and the Scriptorium Press logo are trademarks of Scriptorium Publishing Services, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners and are used for identification purposes only.No animals (especially owls) were harmed in the creation of this web site.Privacy policyTo sign up for webcast events, our newsletter, and other features, you provide contact information (such as your email address). We do not share your information with third parties. Registrations handled by GoToWebinar are subject to the LogMeIn privacy policy. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.Our system stores information submitted through the contact form, commenting system, and XML business case calculator. To receive a copy of your information, contact us at info@scriptorium.com. To request deletion of information, contact us at info@scriptorium.com. The privacy policy for LearningDITA.com—a site run by Scriptorium—is different.Cookiesscriptorium.com uses cookies to track user behavior. The site also uses Google Analytics, a service that tracks how people find the site, which pages they visit, and more. No personally identifiable information is in the reporting. Google Analytics uses a cookie in your web browser to identify you as a unique user, but the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.Click to opt-out of Google Analytics.Comment policyWe encourage and appreciate comments from our readers. That said, we do have some ground rules for commenting:Do not post spam comments. No ad hominem attacks. Scriptorium Publishing reserves the right to delete comments and to block any individual from commenting. All comments within this site are the responsibility of the commenter, not the site owner, administrator, contributor, editor, or author. By submitting a comment, you agree that the comment content is your own, and to hold Scriptorium Publishing harmless from any and all repercussions, damages, or liability. Non-discrimination policyScriptorium is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in employment, recruitment, advertisements for employment, compensation, termination, upgrading, promotions, and other conditions of employment against any employee or job applicant on the basis of race, color, gender, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran’s status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression.On-demand consulting terms of servicePayment indicates acceptance of and agreement to all terms and conditions outlined here.$1000 package:Three hours of consultation.The hours must be used in two meetings of 90 minutes.Time expires 30 days after receipt of payment.$5000 package:Seventeen hours of consultation.Time expires 90 days after receipt of payment.Meetings will be scheduled at a mutually agreeable time after receipt of payment.
Type and Press “enter” to Search
We use cookies on our website. By continuing to use the site, you acknowledge our use of cookies.OKRead more