https://www.explosionprotection.com/en/footermenu/privacy-policy/
In order to give you a better service Pepperl+Fuchs uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.†I agree.
General Data Protection Information
Revised: July 20, 2020
Pepperl+Fuchs is pleased that you have chosen to visit this website and that you are interested in the company and its products.
Data protection is important to us.†We would like to inform you about the methods we use to collect personal data during your visit to the website, as well as the scope and purpose of data collection. This information relates to the website†www.pepperl-fuchs.com†and its subpages. To the extent that our website contains links to third-party websites, these are not covered by our privacy policy.
Responsible authority
The responsible authority for this website is Pepperl+Fuchs SE, Lilienthalstraﬂe 200, 68307 Mannheim, Germany ("Pepperl+Fuchs").
Collection and processing of personal data
To the extent that personal data is requested on our websites (e.g., registration or contact forms, subscribing to a Pepperl+Fuchs newsletter, ordering literature, online orders, comment function in the blog portal), this data is disclosed voluntarily by the user. This data is processed and used by Pepperl+Fuchs†to answer your inquiries†or to provide you with†access to specific information, for example.
Your movements on one of these websites cause the following†data to be transmitted to our web serverfrom your Internet browser: Browser type and version Operating system used Referrer URL Host name of the requesting computer The date and time of the server request Full IP address of the requesting computer This data is stored in a log file. The data is stored to ensure the†technical safety†of our web server, in particular to prevent attacks. The data will be deleted automatically at regular intervals.
This data cannot be connected to individuals. This data is not combined with data from any other sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we have specific indications of unlawful use.
Transfer of data to third parties and third-party providers
Pepperl+Fuchs will only pass personal data provided by you on to third parties if you have†previously consented†to the†forwarding†of such information. We then transfer such information to our subsidiaries, partner companies, or other trusted business partners solely for the purpose of using that personal data†on our behalf. The company requires assurances from the recipients of the personal data that this data will be used exclusively according to our instructions and in compliance with this privacy policy and any other†industry-standard confidentiality and security measures.
We are of the firm belief that access, use, storage, or disclosure of such information to a reasonable extent is necessary to
(a) comply with applicable laws and regulations, meet legal requirements or applicable official directives,
(b) enforce the provisions laid down in our legal notices, including pursuing potential violations of these provisions,
(c) identify, prevent, or combat fraud, security concerns, or technical problems, or
(d) protect the rights, property, and security of the company and the public against impending damage, insofar as this is legally required or permitted.
Safety
To secure all of the data we store, we use†technical security measures†to safeguard your information against damage, loss, and unauthorized access. The security measures are regularly updated and improved in line with technological developments.
Use of cookies
This website uses cookies to record user preferences and to optimize the website design accordingly. When you use our website, you†consent to the use and storage of cookies on your device.
"Cookies" are encrypted strings transferred from our web server or a third-party web server to the userís web browser, where they are stored to be accessed at a later date.
The cookies we use are either "session cookies" or "persistent cookies."
Session cookies†are time-limited and are automatically deleted at the end of the visit to the website. We use session cookies to store information that we would like to use to make our website more user-friendly for you.
Persistent cookies†can be stored on your computer after your visit to our website, and our website may access these on each future visit (so-called "ID cookies").†Some cookies stored during your visit to our websites can be stored and accessed by other companies.
Using the security settings in your browser, you may control whether any cookies are saved at all. You have the option to either prevent cookie storage altogether, require a prompt each time, or have cookies†deleted every time you close your browser. Please note that doing so may limit the usability of certain services or of the website as a whole. Certain services or parts of the website will†only function correctly when cookies are permitted.
Use of web analytics tools
For the purpose of pursuing our legitimate interests (i.e., interest in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our website in line with article 6, paragraph 1, clause F of the GDPR), we use a number of different†methods†to analyze your usage patterns. All methods have in common that data will only be collected, processed, and used in an†anonymous or pseudonymous†manner. While anonymous data is impossible to match with a specific person, pseudonymous data could theoretically be matched to you personally with some effort. Regardless of this, no procedure will assign any data to a specific person or combine that data with other data held by Pepperl+Fuchs without your explicit consent. More detailed information on†the analytical services we employ†and your options for revoking consent for them can be found below:
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies," text files that are stored on your computer and enable your use of the website to be analyzed. The information generated by the cookie relating to your use of this website is generally sent to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google is certified under the†Privacy Shield framework†and thus guarantees that European data protection laws will be upheld†https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active.
Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate use of this website by visitors, to compile reports on†website activity, and to provide us with other services in connection with website and Internet usage.
We only use†Google Analytics†with†IP-anonymization active, meaning that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google within the Member States of the European Union and other Contracting States that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
The IP address transferred from your browser in the context of Google Analytics will not be combined with other data by Google. You may decline cookies by changing a corresponding setting in your browser software. However, we would like to make clear that this may prevent you from using all functions of this website to their fullest extent. You may also prevent Google from using the cookie to collect and process data (incl. your IP address) relating to your use of the website. To do so, click on the following link (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) to download and install the†browser plugin, or click on the following link to set an†opt-out cookie:†Deactivate tracking by Google Analytics.
Learn more about Google Analytics and data protection at†http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=enand at†http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
---
WiredMinds
This website uses products and services from wiredminds GmbH (Lindensp¸rstraﬂe 32, 70176 Stuttgart, Germany†www.wiredminds.de) to optimize and†design our Internet presence in line with visitor needs. As part of this, data will be collected, processed, and stored. From this data, a user profile will be created under a pseudonym. Where possible and practical, the usage profiles will be completely anonymized. Cookies may be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the visitor's Internet browser and are used to recognize that browser again at a later point.
The collected data, which may also include†personal data such as xxx, will be transmitted to WiredMinds or collected directly by WiredMinds. WiredMinds is permitted to use information collected from visits to the websites to create†anonymized usage profiles. Data obtained in this way is not used to personally identify visitors to this website without the explicit consent of the person concerned and is not combined with personal data relating to the bearer of the pseudonym.
To the extent that IP addresses are collected, these are anonymized immediately after collection by deleting the last number block. Consent for data processing may be†revoked at any time with effect for the future. To prevent further monitoring of your visitor sessions in the future, please install the following browser-independent cookie:†Don't track my visits.
---
etracker
In addition, this website uses the etracker analysis service from etracker GmbH†(Erste Brunnenstraﬂe 1, 20459 Hamburg, Germany,†www.etracker.com). The data can be used†to create anonymous user profiles. Cookies may be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your Internet browser. The cookies make it possible to recognize your browser again in the future. Data collected with etracker technologies is not used to personally identify visitors to our website without the explicit consent of the person concerned and is not combined with personal data regarding the bearer of the pseudonym.
Consent for data processing may be revoked at any time with effect for the future. To prevent future processing of your visitor data, you may obtain an†opt-out cookie from etracker. With this cookie in place, etracker will not collect or store any usage data from your browser:†https://www.etracker.de/privacy?et=V23Jbb.
This will set an opt-out cookie from etracker with the name "cntcookie." Please do not delete this cookie unless you wish collection of your data to resume. Further information can be found in the etracker data protection provisions:†https://www.etracker.com/en/data-privacy/.
---
CrazyEgg.com
This website uses the†CrazyEgg.com tracking tool†to record randomly selected individual visits (only with anonymized IP addresses). Through the use of cookies, this tracking tool allows analysis of the way you use the website (e.g., which content is clicked on and which is not). A†visual representation of a usage profile†is generated.†No personal data†is collected, processed, or used by this tool. Usage profiles are only created using pseudonyms.
At any time, you may prevent data generated by CrazyEgg.com from being processed by following the instructions on†http://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out.
For more information about data protection at CrazyEgg.com, see†http://www.crazyegg.com/privacy.
Use of social plugins
For the purpose of pursuing our legitimate interests (i.e., interest in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our website in line with article 6, paragraph 1, clause F of the GDPR), plugins from the following social networks are integrated: LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland), Xing (XING AG, Dammtorstraﬂe 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany), Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA) and Facebook (Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA). If you visit one of our websites, a direct connection may be established between your browser and†the social network's†server via these plug-ins. Through this, the social network receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the respective social network button while you are logged in to your account on that network, it may be possible for you to connect the content of our websites with your social network profile, depending on the provider. As a result, the†social network can link your visit to our sites with your user account.
We would like to indicate that we, as providers of these websites,†have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data†or of its use by the social network providers. For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection by Twitter, Facebook, etc., as well as information on the processing and use of this data, and details of your rights and options in terms of protecting your privacy, please†refer†to†the respective provider's data privacy policy.
To prevent the immediate undesired transfer of your usage data (e.g., the address of the website you are currently visiting) to these services,†our website uses "Shariff."†The "Shariff" project from the computing magazine c't replaces the usual social network share buttons and only establishes direct contact between social networks and the user once the user actively clicks on the share button. However, a single click on the button to share information with others is sufficient. You need take no further action.
If you do not want the provider of the social network to be able to associate your visit to our pages with your user account on the network, please log out of your social network user account.
Deletion of data
The data we store will be deleted as soon as it is†no longer required for its intended purpose†and†no statutory retention obligations†prevent its deletion. If the data cannot be deleted because it is required†for other legally permissible purposes, its†processing will be restricted. This means the data is locked and cannot be used for other purposes. This applies to data from users that must be stored for commercial or tax reasons, for example.
Your rights and opportunities for further information and contact
You have a†right of access†regarding the†personal data stored†about you. You also have the right to correct, block, and delete data. In accordance with the statutory regulations, you may also revoke consent with effect for the future and prevent processing of your personal data in the future at any time.
For information, explanation, or to exercise the rights mentioned above, please contact our data protection officer by email:
Christian Beckers - Data Protection Officer - dsb@de.pepperl-fuchs.com
or in writing:
Pepperl+Fuchs SE† Data Protection Officer Lilienthalstraﬂe 200 68307 Mannheim, Germany
Changes to the privacy policy
Pepperl+Fuchs reserves the right to amend this privacy policy and will announce any changes in this location.