https://www.stepstoneglobal.com/terms-of-use/
Home / Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Introduction
The contents of this website and any information accessible through the website are intended to provide information about the offerings of StepStone Group LP. The website does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation for any security. Nor shall it be viewed as an offer to provide advisory or other services by StepStone Group LP in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Throughout these terms of use, StepStone Group LP, its employees, directors, members and affiliates are collectively referred to as “StepStone.” In addition, all information, content and log-ins provided on or through the StepStone website, directly or indirectly are referred to collectively as “website.”
Conditions of Use
StepStone provides this website for informational purposes only. Content should not be construed as financial or investment advice on any subject matter. StepStone expressly disclaims all liability in respect to actions taken based on any or all of the information on this website. While care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of information on the website, StepStone does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of information contained in these pages or that it will be current at all times.
By using this website, you agree to abide by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree and accept these Terms of Use, do not access this website or any of its pages. By accessing this website, regardless of having read the Terms of Use, you are agreeing to and are bound by them.
No Offering of Advice, Products or Services
This website is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or a recommendation for any services or strategies. StepStone does not render or offer to render personalized financial, investment, tax, legal or accounting advice through this website. This website is limited to the dissemination of general information of the service offerings set forth by StepStone.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
The information in this publication, including text, images, and links, are provided by StepStone  solely as a convenience without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. StepStone assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in this publication or other documents which are referenced herein, and does not accept responsibility for any kind of direct, special, indirect, consequential, incidental damages or losses resulting from the use of information contained in this website.
The information contained in this website reflects the views and opinions of StepStone and should not be construed as investment or financial advice on any subject matter. StepStone expressly disclaims all liability with respect to actions taken or actions not taken based on any or all the contents of this website.
The contents of this website have been included for informational purposes only, and do not reflect any current financial developments and market conditions. Recipients of content from this website, clients or otherwise, should not act or refrain from acting on the basis of any content included in this website without seeking the appropriate financial or other professional advice on the particular facts and circumstances at issue.
Termination of Use
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to restrict or terminate an individual’s access to this website, or any part(s) thereof, for any reason, without prior notice.
Prohibited Usage
You are prohibited from using the contents of this website in any way that is unlawful, nor may contents be used for any commercial purposes other than those related to your relationship with StepStone. Modifying, publishing, copying and distributing any content on this website is explicitly prohibited. You are also prohibited from utilizing this website in any way that would damage its content or visibility for other visitors.
Reservation of Rights
StepStone reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms of Use at any time. Accordingly, it is suggested that you review these terms periodically for changes. Use of this website connotes that you have accepted any changed terms.
Intellectual Property
This website is protected by applicable copyright law. Any third party intellectual property that may be reflected in this website, including names and logos, belong to their respective owners. If you download or print any information from this website, you agree that you will not remove or obscure any copyright or other notices or legends contained in any such information. You may not reproduce, transmit (by electronic means or otherwise), modify, link into or use for any public or commercial purpose any part of the StepStone website without the express prior written permission of StepStone.
Performance Risk
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.  ACTUAL PERFORMANCE MAY VARY.   Therefore, no content on this website shall be viewed as advice as to the future of expected performance of stated funds and portfolios, nor shall any content be seen as projected future performance.
Registration
StepStone Group LP is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  StepStone Group Europe LLP is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, firm reference number 551580. Swiss Capital Invest Holding (Dublin) Ltd (“SCHIDL”) is an SEC registered investment advisor and Swiss Capital Alternative Investments AG (“SCAI”) (together SwissCap) is registered as a relying advisor with the SEC, such registrations does not imply a certain level of skill or training and no inference to the contrary should be made.
To learn more about your privacy rights and our data practices, please see our privacy policy. To learn more about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please see our Cookie Consent Policy. To agree to our use of cookies, click “Accept”.
Accept
Change cookie settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytic Cookies
Additional Cookies
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left-hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Analytic Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
For more information about Google’s cookie and information practices (including the types of cookies used and their expiration date), please click here.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Additional Cookies
Our partners use cookies to connect you to your social networks and better understand your interests, both on this site and beyond. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal information. You can opt-out of the following third-party cookies by clicking below.
For more information about LinkedIn’s cookie and information practices, please click here.
For more information about Vimeo’s cookie and information practices, please click here.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes