https://www.pfm.it/en/cookie-policy/
English
Italiano
Deutsch
PFM
PFM in Numbers
Brands
History
Partners
Mission
Research & Development
Quality
Economic Policy
Service
Advertising
PFM_Lab
Packaging Machinery
Horizontal Flow Wrapping
Horizontal Form Fill Seal (pouch)
Vertical Form Fill Seal
Automatic Packaging Lines
Multihead Weighers
Dosing Systems
Applications
Fruit & Vegetables
Meat and sausages
Pasta
Coffee
Cheese
Bakery
Beverages
Pet food
Pharma
Snacks
Sweets
Wet wipes
Pack Style
Packaging in Recyclable Film
Standard Pillow Bags
Gusseted Bags
Three Side Sealed Bags
Stand-Up Pouch
Block Bottom Bags
Steelo Bag
Reclosable Bags
Pocket Bag®
Flex-Can
Sales Network
News
Trade Shows
Contact Us
PFM Bridge
(+39) 0445.66.22.00 —
info@pfm.it
Cookie policy
Pfm Group > Cookie policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Definition
Cookies consists of portions of a code installed inside the browser. Cookies are small text files which the sites visited by users send to the user’s terminal, where they are memorised in order to be sent back later to the sites during subsequent visits by the user. Cookies are used for many purposes, they have different features and they can be used both by the owner  of the Site which the User is visiting and by third parties. Cookies are typically divided into the following categories:
Session cookies or persistent Cookies
Technical or profiling Cookies
First-party or third-party Cookies
Session and persistent Cookies
Cookies can be erased at the end of a session with the browser (the time period between opening and closing of web browser by the user) or can be stored for a longer term.  Session Cookies are those allowing the web sites to link users’ actions during a browser session Session Cookies expire when the browser session ends. Persistent cookies are stored in the user’s hard drive among browser’s subfolders for variable periods of time and allow to record the User’s preference and actions in relation to a web site.
Technical and profiling Cookies
Technical Cookies are those used by the owner of an Internet site for the sole purpose of transmitting information over an electronic communications network, or as strictly necessary for the provider of a service from an information company explicitly requested by the subscriber or User to provide that service For the installation of such technical Cookies, the prior consent of the person involved is not required where used directly from the site manager. Profiling Cookies are used to create profiles relating to the User and to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the User in the context of browsing the net. Due to particular invasiveness which such Cookies can have within the ambit of Users’ privacy, European and Italian legislations provide that the user must be adequately informed about their use by a banner and detailed note on the site and must give his/her own explicit consent to this extent when they visit the site for the first time. Such a consent can be expressed in a general way by interacting with the banner on the home page of the site and following the instructions indicated therein, or can be given or refused in a selective manner by way of the following instructions.  This consent is then stored to be used over the next visits. However, the user can withdraw, totally or partially, their consent.
First-party and third-party Cookies
Cookies can be first-party (so called “first-party Cookie”) or third-party (so called “third-party Cookie”) in relation to the web site or domain where they come from. First-party Cookies are set up and managed by the owner of the site.  For these Cookies, the disclosure requirement, the acquisition and the consent (where required) and/or the blocking of Cookies is reserved to the owner of the site. Third-party Cookies are set up by a different domain from the one visited by the User. As regards them, the disclosure requirement and the possible instructions about the contingent consent and/or the blocking of Cookies is a third-party duty, whereas the owner of the site is asked only to insert in the site the link to the third party’s site where such information is available.
USE OF COOKIES BY THE SITE
The owner of the site provides the User with all information on Cookies installed through their site as well as the necessary instructions on how to manage their preferences regarding them. The owner of the site also informs Users that this Cookie policy is in line with the website privacy policy, available in the “privacy” section of this website, where Users will be able to acquire the information required by art. 13 of Italian Legislative Decree 196/2003 (hereinafter referred to as “Privacy Code”).
FIRST-PARTY COOKIES
Technical cookies:
The Cookies used by the Owner of the Web Site are:
navigation cookies used to save the User’s preferences and optimise their browsing experience
Cookie analytics, used to acquire statistical information on how Users navigate. Such information is treated in an aggregate and anonymous form
Functional cookies, including third parties’, used to activate specific functions of this Web site and necessary for providing the service or improving it.
consent cookies, used to keep track of the consent given by the user so that the short information notice and the consent request are not displayed again
As specified in the previous paragraph, such Cookies are of a technical nature, and therefore do not require the prior consent by the User to be installed and used.
Profiling Cookies:
This web site does not use profiling cookies
Types of first-party Cookies used by this web site
NAME
PURPOSE
EXPIRY
PHPSESSID
Technical cookie used by WordPress for navigation
session
pll_language
This cookie is used to store the site language
1 year
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
Some of the services listed here below according to the function offered to the Users, and focused on third-parties Cookies, may not require the User’s consent. In addition to what is specified in this policy, and also unbeknown to the owner, such third parties may also track Users in other ways. For further information on this topic, we recommend Users to consult the privacy policies of the listed services, which will provide Users with information on the processing and allow them to give their consent. The Owner hereby informs that their sole responsibility as regards third-party Cookies is to include in this Cookie policy the link to the third party’s web site. It is such entity’s responsibility, however, to provide suitable information on the processing procedures as well as to inform Users on how they may block the Cookies, if required.
Statistics
Types of third-party Cookies used by this web site
NAME
PURPOSE
EXPIRY
_ga
This cookie is used by Google to collect information and generate statistics on the use of the web site without providing any personal information about individual visitors
2 years
_gat
Cookie used by Google to limit the number of requests to doubleclick.net. It contains no information on the user
1 minute
_gid
This cookie is used by Google to collect information and generate statistics on the use of the web site without providing any personal information about individual visitors
24 hours
cookieconsent_status
This cookie is used to keep track of users’ choice on cookies
1 year
fr
This cookie is used by Facebook to collect information and generate statistics on the use of the web site without providing any personal information about individual visitors
1 year
How can I control the installation of Cookies?
In addition to what is illustrated in this document, users can manage preferences on cookies directly from within their browser and prevent – for example – installation of Cookies by third parties. Through your browser preferences, it is also possible to delete previously-installed Cookies , including the Cookie in which consent to the installation of cookies by this site was saved . Disabling all the Cookies may result in the site not running smoothly. You can find information on how to manage the Cookies in your browser on:
Explorer: http://windows.microsoft.com/it-it/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-ookies
Safari: http://support.apple.com/kb/PH11913
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it-hlrm=fr&hlrm=en
Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/it-IT/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
In the case of services provided by third parties, the User may also exercise their right to oppose the tracking by finding information on the privacy policy of the third party or by contacting the third party directly.
Data Controller
PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.A.
Via Pasubio 49, 36036 Torrebelvicino (Vicenza) Italy
Share capital Euro 774,000 fully paid-up – Vicenza E.A.R. 107207 – V.A.T. No.  00171090244
Since the installation of Cookies and other tracking systems operated by third parties through the services used within this website cannot be technically controlled by the owner, any specific reference to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties is to be considered indicative. To obtain complete and reliable information, see the privacy policy of the third party’s services listed in this document. In view of the objective complexity of identifying technologies based on Cookies and their very close integration with web functionality, Users are invited to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies and on any use of these Cookies – for example, by third parties – effected through this site.
Update of this Cookie Policy
This Cookie policy was last updated on 21  June 2018. Any updates will always be posted on this page.
Connect with us
(+39) 0445.66.22.00
(+39) 0445.57.01.75
info@pfm.it
PFM Packaging Machinery S.p.a.
Via Pasubio 49, 36036 Torrebelvicino (Vicenza) Italia
Cap. Soc. Euro 774.000 i.v. - R.E.A. Vicenza 107207 - p.iva: 00171090244