http://www.worldmkting.com/privacy-policy/
Sign inRegister
Account
Need Help? 1-800-776-9425
Home
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
This Privacy and Security Statement describes the privacy practices of  www.worldmkting.com ("Heater Parts Central", "our", or "we"). It applies to our interactions with our customers and visitors, including, but not limited to:
Use of our website, including mobile website
Use of our applications for mobile phones, tablets or other smart devices
Phone and email communications
Social media interactions on our website and other third party websites like Facebook, YouTube, Pinterest, Google+, Instagram and Twitter
Viewing our online advertisements or emails
Any capitalized terms not defined herein will have the same meaning as where they are defined elsewhere on our Website.
World Marketing of America, Inc. respects your privacy. We do not sell or rent the information you provide to us online to third parties. The information will only be used in the event that we need to contact you, register a product to you, and for market research purposes.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the World Marketing of America, Inc. website at http://www.worldmkting.com. The types of personal information voluntarily submitted and collected on our website may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit card information
Serial and model numbers
Product registration
Survey information (This may include age, household description, heating product ownership/purchase information, etc.)
On some pages, you can make requests, register products, locate a dealer, or provide information about what type of product you are looking for. If you opt not to provide us with personally identifiable information no material consequence will result, although you may be unable to participate in certain features offered through our Website.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Unfortunately, data transmissions over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, despite our efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You transmit all such information at your own risk. However, once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Occasionally World Marketing of America, Inc. may use customer information for new purposes not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. If our information practices change in the future we will make every effort to update this page with those details, and we encourage you to check back to our website periodically to review.
Quick Links
CONTACT US
PRODUCT REGISTRATION
OWNER'S MANUALS
FIND A RETAILER
FIND A SERVICE CENTER
TROUBLESHOOT
×
×
Ask An Expert
Ask the World Marketing team anything on worldmkting.com
We’ll follow up with you via email or phone within 1-2 business days
Please answer the following Questionnaire
Do you need:
Tech Support
Product Info
Both
What can i help you with today ?
Enter Your Name
Enter Your email
Enter Your Phone Number
How would you like me to contact you ?
Phone
Email
Both
Security code
Send Question