http://www.optexamerica.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Products
Solutions
Case Studies
Distributors
News & Events
FAQ & Forum
Videos
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy & Cookie Policy
The official Optex Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Optex (Europe) Limited (“Optex”), collects, processes and protects any personal data that you give us for the supply of our goods and services (your “Data”).
1. Our commitment to privacy
Optex is the data controller (ICO Registration number: Z9304332) of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our services.
Optex is committed to keeping Data we collect from you private, within a secure environment. We always ensure that your privacy is protected, and we only use your personal data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and in accordance with data protection regulations, including the General Data Protection Regulation.
We may need to amend the Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such amendment will take effect as soon as it is posted on the website. You are therefore encouraged to familiarise yourself with the Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
This policy was last updated in June 2018.
2. Data that we collect
2.1. Optex collects personal data to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences of our products and services. Data we collect may include the following:
Your contact information: names, telephone and emailYou company information: company name and location
2.2. Optex does not collect any “sensitive data” (like racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious/philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data etc.) except when we have to comply with the law.
3. How we collect Data
3.1. We collect Data through your input, directly from you by enquiry forms, calls, emails, online messages, meetings, and events.
3.2. We may collect Data from our group companies and affiliates.
We also collect information through cookies and similar technologies when you browse any page of our website. For more information about cookies, please visit our cookie policy
4. How we use your Data
4.1. Data protection law means that we can only use your data for certain reasons and where we have a legal basis to do so. We only use your Data for the following purposes:
Your Data is used by us to run our business activities effectively, including the sale of our products and services to you, and also to run our CRM system,
Your Data is used to improve our website use and performance and further develop our products and services,
Your Data might be used and retained to comply with legal or regulatory requirements
Your Data may also be used for B2B marketing purpose. You can opt-out of such use of your Data any time by clicking the unsubscribe button in our emails or by emailing us at marketing@optex-europe.com.
4.2. We also collect personal data for the performance of our contract with you or on a basis of our legitimate business interests if you are a potential customer.
5. How long we keep your Data
5.1. We will only keep your Data for as long as is necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by legal, regulatory and accounting requirements.
5.2. We have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations:
If you submitted an enquiry form on our website or contacted us through other channels but decided not to enter into a contract with us, we will retain your data for 12 months.If you are a current or former customer, we will retain your data for 7 years from the date you cease to work with us.
6. How we may share and disclose your Data
6.1. For the provision of our goods and services and to implement the services that each customer desires, we may share relevant data to:
Our subsidiaries and affiliates, including but not limited to European offices (Optex Technologies B.V., Optex Security France, Optex Poland) and our mother company Optex Japan.Our outsourcers and service providers: we share Data with outsourcers and service providers who help us to provide our services by website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructures.Third-parties: we may share Data with third parties in the event of any reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
6.2. We might also use and disclose Data as we believe necessary: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to enforce our terms and conditions; (iii) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property; and (iv) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities.
6.3. Given the global nature of Optex’s activities, we may at times transfer your Data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). However, we will only do so when we have utilised means to ensure that any such transfer comply with applicable data protections laws, for example when transferred by use of a data-transfer agreement incorporating standard model protection clauses.
7. How we protect your Data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect, including but not limited to regular backups, database encryption, and restrictive access to Data by staff.
8. Your rights
8.1. You have the right to access personal data we hold about you. This includes the right to ask us supplementary information about:
the categories of data we’re processingthe purposes of data processingthe categories of third parties to whom the data may be disclosedhow long the data will be stored (or the criteria used to determine that period)your other rights regarding our use of your data
We will provide you with the data within one month of your request, unless doing so would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. We will tell you if we can’t meet your request for that reason.
8.2. You have the right to make us correct any inaccurate personal data about you. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to privacy@optex-europe.com or write to the address at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
8.3. You have the right to erasure. You can do this by asking us to erase any personal data we hold about you, if it is no longer necessary for us to hold the data for purposes other than set out in this Privacy Policy.
8.4. You also have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our use of your personal data. Please tell us first, so we have a chance to address your concerns. Optex only processes your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in compliance with data protection regulations. If, however, you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, either by calling their helpline or as directive on their website at www.ico.org.uk
9. Contact us
If you have any questions, requests or concerns on how your data is processed, you can contact us at privacy@optex-europe.com or write to:
OPTEX (EUROPE) LIMITED,
Compliance Department
Unit 13, Cordwallis Park
Clivemont Road
Maidenhead
SL6 7BU
Berkshire
United Kingdom
The official Optex Cookie Policy
1. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
2. Cookies and other technologies we use
We use the following cookies and other technologies:
Strictly necessary cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website. Analytical/performance cookies: They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies: These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Third party analytical cookies: Google Analytics uses cookies allows us to see information on the activities of visitors to our website and users of our service, including page views, source and time spent on our website. The information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked back to individuals. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites click here
Cookies helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Information is anonymised and only used for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any personal information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
3. How to manage your cookies
You can choose to accept or decline (or delete) cookies via your browser settings. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Please note that if you choose to disable the cookies, some features of our website or services may not operate as intended.
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chr...
Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/products/windows?os=windows-10
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/P...
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/pr...
Opera: http://www.opera.com/help/tuto...
×
Contact Us
When submitting your enquiry, you acknowledge that Optex Group companies will store your submitted information, so we can respond to your enquiry by email or phone.
We are committed to keeping your personal data secure. Please read our
Privacy policy
to see how we handle your personal data.