http://www.tradervics.com/privacy-policy/
Your privacy is very important to us. Our Privacy Policy spells out Indeed Labs’ commitment to respecting the privacy of the members and visitors to our site and users of our mobile application. We are very careful with what we do with your information.
This Privacy Policy describes how Indeed Labs collects, uses, discloses and otherwise manages the personal information you provide to us, including on our website: honestbeauty.com and our mobile application (collectively the “Site”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect personal information from you to provide an efficient, meaningful and customized experience for you when using the Site.
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address and phone number
If you use our mobile application, we may collect your phone number and the unique device id number. We may also collect your device’s Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA). Use of the IDFA will be for the purpose of serving advertising
If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information and advertising
Billing Information such as bank or credit card number and billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number and password
Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history and marketing preferences
Personal Information that you provide to us in response to questionnaires we may offer to personalize our product offering for you
Photographic images that you provide to us or that you use in connection with your use of the Site, including your likeness or the likeness of others
Email addresses of friends or family members you would like us to contact on your behalf
As is true of most websites, we automatically gather information about your computer and mobile device such as your IP address, the time, date and length of your visit, browser type, referring/exit pages, the type and version of the operating system on your mobile device, the type and model of your mobile device. We may log this information for system administration, order verification, internal marketing and system troubleshooting purposes.
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Assess the needs of your business to determine suitable products
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Administer your account
Administer our referral program
Administer giveaways
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Respond to your questions and concerns
Improve our Site user experience and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Identify appropriate advertising channels
Prioritize Site development
Display content or provide you with access to products or services based upon your interests
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at:
Indeed Labs
67 Mowat Avenue, Suite 300
Toronto, ON
M6K 3E3
Email:  support@indeedlabs.com
Phone:  1-800-727-0482
Information Collected from You About Others
If you decide to invite a third party to create an account, we will collect your and the third party’s names and email addresses in order to send an email and follow up with the third party. We rely upon you to obtain whatever consents from the third party that may be required by law to allow us to access and upload the third party’s names and email addresses as required above. You or the third party may contact us at info@honestbeauty.com to request the removal of this information from our database.
Information You Provide to Facebook and other Social Networking Sites
The Site may allow users to access Facebook or other social networking sites (SNS) to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends’ News Feeds. If you are already logged into the Site and Facebook or another SNS, when you click on “Connect with Facebook”, or a similar connection on another SNS, you may be prompted to merge your profiles. If you are already logged into the Site but not logged into Facebook or another SNS that we support, when you click on “Connect with Facebook”, or a similar connection on another SNS, you may be prompted to enter your SNS credentials or to “Sign Up” for the SNS. By proceeding, you are allowing the Site to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook or other SNS’s Terms of Use in your use of the Site. Conversely, if you are not currently registered as a user of the Site, and you click on “Sign in” using Facebook or another SNS that we support, you may first be asked to enter your Facebook or SNS credentials and then be given the option to register on the Site. In this case, we may receive information from Facebook or another SNS to make it easier for you to create an account on the Site and show our relevant content from your Facebook or SNS friends. Once you register on the Site and connect with Facebook or another SNS, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook or the other SNS. Any information that we collect from your Facebook or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with that SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices. You have the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into your Account through the Site and going to settings, “About Me”, “Linked Accounts”, and then unselecting “Facebook”. Further, you can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook or disconnect your Site activity stream by visiting the Facebook Applications Settings page.
Mobile Services
We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our mobile application. This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you. Examples of information that may be collected and used include your geographic location, how you use the mobile application, and information about the type of device you use. In addition, in the event our mobile application crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our mobile application. This information is sent to us as aggregated information and is not traceable to any individual and cannot be used to identify an individual.
Location Information
If you have enabled location services on your phone, we may collect your location information to provide the retail locator function. If you do not want this information collected by us, you can disable location services on your phone.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes, and we do not authorize the collection of our members’ or visitors’ personally identifiable information by any third parties for the third parties’ use.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order, offering customer service or processing your online payments. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information:
As required by law such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud or respond to a government request
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so
If Indeed Labs engages in a joint promotion with an affiliate and/or partner, we may share your contact information with our affiliate and/or partner to be used in relation to the promotion.
We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.
If Indeed Labs is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of its assets, your personal information maybe one of the assets that is transferred and you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
The Site may enable you to post content to SNSs (e.g., Facebook or Twitter). If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
Third Party Websites
Our Site may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site, and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your personal information after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, updating your communications preferences in your membership account on our website by adjusting your notification settings on your mobile device or contacting us at:
Indeed Labs
67 Mowat Avenue, Suite 300
Toronto, ON
M6K 3E3
Email:  support@indeedlabs.com
Phone:  1-800-727-0482
If you have linked to your SNS account and decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account (e.g., Facebook) linked to your account, then you may de-link the SNS account in the “preferences” section in your account settings. You may also manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through an SNS, such as through Facebook. Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Site and your social media account or mobile device.
You may change any of your personal information in your account by editing your profile within your account or by sending an email to us at the email address set forth below. You may request deletion of your personal information by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies are small text files of information stored by the Internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. For example, we may use cookies to collect browsing data to keep track of your preferences and profile information and to collect general usage and volume statistical information. Our cookies do not collect personal or confidential information and are not spyware. At this time, Indeed Labs website and mobile application do not recognize automated browser signals or other similar mechanisms regarding tracking of online activities.
You may set your Internet web browser to refuse cookies or to remove cookies from your hard drive. Third parties may collect, but we do not authorize them to collect, personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site.
Web Beacons
Our Site contains electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on or for example, with respect to our mobile applications, we will know what sections of the mobile application users have navigated through and what actions they took. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our Site is used.
Targeted Advertising
Targeted Advertising (also known as online behavioral advertising) uses information collected on an individual’s web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made. Third parties collect this information by placing or accessing cookies in your browser when you visit this, or other, websites. If you would like to learn more about the third party advertisers that may be aware of the fact that you visit this website, and to understand your choices about having such advertisers’ cookies turned off, please visit www.networkadvertising.org.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at:
Indeed Labs
67 Mowat Avenue, Suite 300
Toronto, ON
M6K 3E3
Email:  support@indeedlabs.com
Phone:  1-800-727-0482
Mobile Application
You can stop all collection of information by the mobile application by uninstalling the mobile application. You may use the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
HIPAA
Indeed Labs is not an entity that is covered by HIPAA. The HIPAA privacy rules apply to health plans, health care clearinghouses, to any health care provider who transmits health information in electronic form in connection with transactions for which the Secretary of HHS has adopted standards under HIPAA (the “covered entities”) and their service providers (“business associates”). This means that the information that you provide to Indeed Labs is not protected by the HIPAA privacy rules and regulations.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
A Note to Users Outside of the United States
If you are a non-U.S. user of the Site, by visiting the Site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition, your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your data, you consent to such transfer.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy by writing or emailing us at the address below:
Indeed Labs
67 Mowat Avenue, Suite 300
Toronto, ON
M6K 3E3
Email:  support@indeedlabs.com
Phone:  1-800-727-0482
©2016 Indeed Labs, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Trader Vic's Worldwide - Home
HomeTrader Vic’sMAI TAI LOUNGELocationsStoreContact Us
× Close Panel
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset