https://www.9wood.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
Get a Sample
Specify Fast>Track
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 5/1/19
9Wood (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates [http://www.9wood.com](http://www.9wood.com) (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
The data controller responsible for the personal data processed on this website in accordance with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is:
9Wood, Inc.
999 South A Street
Springfield, Oregon
97477, United States
(888) 767-9990
www.9wood.com
Information Collection And Use
We do not provide services or sell products to children. If you are below the age of 18, you may use our website only with the permission and active involvement of a parent or legal guardian. If you are a minor, please do not provide us or other website visitors with any personal information.
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”). We save personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is being processed or until you withdraw your consent.
We will never sell or rent your personal information, including your e-mail address, with any third party.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information and customize your user experience. By clicking “Yes” on the banner, scrolling the page, clicking a link or continuing to browse 9Wood.com, you agree to the use of website cookies.You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Google Analytics
In addition, we use Google Analytics, a third party service that collects, monitors and analyzes information regarding your use of this website. The information regarding your use of this website generated by the cookie (including your IP address) is transferred to and stored on a server in the USA by Google. We use this information to analyse your use of the website in order to compile reports on website activity for website operators and provide further services associated with use of the website. The data we obtain in this way is processed on the basis of our overriding interest in optimising the marketing of our online content in accordance with Article 6, Paragraph 1 (f) of the GDPR. On no occasion will Google unite your IP address with other Google data.
Communications
If you establish contact with us, your data (name, contact details, if you provide them) and your message will be processed exclusively for the purposes of dealing with your request. We process this data on the basis of Article 6, Paragraph 1 (b) of the GDPR or Article 6, Paragraph 1 (f) of the GDPR, in order to deal with your request.
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that you agree to receive. If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process the data you provide when doing so (e-mail address and other information shared voluntarily).
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 1, 2019, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Footer Division 9 Custom Wood Ceilings. Your wood ceiling experts. Design to delivery.
Search this website
Fast>Track
Products
All Products
1000 Grilles
2000 Linears
3000 Acoustics
4000 Tiles
5000 Perf Tiles
6000 Cubes
7000 Coffers
8000 Waves
Library
Species & Finishes
AIA CE
Warranties
Projects
All Projects
Fast>Track
Award Winners
Case Studies
Learning Center
About Us
About 9Wood
Our People
Careers
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Send Us a Message
Find a Rep
Get a Sample
Get a Quote
Secure Pay
Follow Us
© 2020 9Wood | All rights reserved. | FSC® License Code FSC-C012655. The contents, graphics, design and other matters related to this site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights. You have a limited license to use the site solely for internal, personal or non-commercial purposes and to print out information from the site solely for internal, personal or non-commercial purposes provided you maintain all copyright and other policies contained therein. Big thanks and Site by SJ.
This website uses cookies.YesPrivacy Policy