http://www.coveringcredit.com/privacy.shtml
Home
About Us
Services
Credit Articles
Q&A
Contact
Business Credit Management
Your Privacy And Our Website
Covering Credit
has created this privacy statement in
order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses
our information gathering and dissemination practices.
We track IP address to measure traffic on our site. We do not
use IP addresses to determine any user's identity.
Security
This site uses firewalls to protect the loss, misuse and alteration
of the information under our control.
The Covering Business Credit contains links to other sites. Our company is
not responsible for the privacy practices of such. Inclusion of links to
an outside Website, whether in an advertisement or content area of EyeCatcher's
Website, is not an endorsement of the Website or a guarantee that the information
it contains is accurate.
Throughout Covering Credit's website there are forms for visitors
to request information, products, and services. These forms typically ask for
contact information (such as your phone or email address), financial information
(such as your credit card numbers), and demographic information. Contact information
from these order forms is used to send the products or promotional materials
or client information that users request.
Forms on our site that request financial information do so in
order to bill the user for products or services ordered.
We do NOT store credit card or personal
information on our server.
When a visitor places an order we use either PayPal or the Amazon payment system
Covering Credit
Bogus Spam
We send one Covering Credit Bulletin per month. Please warn us if
you receive any Spam email masquerading as being sent from Covering Business Credit.
E-mail:
Subject: Possible Spam
Subscribtion and Newsletter
Corrections/Updates
This site gives our visitors the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
Click here to unsubscribe
or send E-mail to change your email address:
Change in Terms of Privacy
Covering Creditreserves the right to alter its privacy policies.
Any changes to the policy will be posted on this page.
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Website, please contact the Webmaster.
Share
|
Business Credit Articles
Send to a Friend
Ask A Credit Question
Questions & Answers
Business Credit News
Your Privacy
Site Map