http://www.icelandicsheep.com/terms-of-use
Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep
Home
About
Sheep
Products
Resources
Quick Facts About Icelandic Sheep
Breed Characteristics
Meat & Pelt Quality
Flock Management
Reproduction
Fleece & Fiber Quality
Frequently Asked Questions
Articles
How-to Tattoo and Tag Your Lamb
Milking Icelandic Sheep
Marketing Your Icelandic Sheep & Their Products on the Internet
Icelandic Sheep — The Marketer’s Dream
Winter’s Work — Skirting Fleeces by the Fire
Color Genetics in Icelandic Sheep
The Mystery of the Grey-Mouflon
Grey Pet — Foundation Ewe
Saddleback — One of the Most Influential Ewes in North America
Stefania — The Queen of Icelandic Sheep
All About Icelandic Sheep Fleece
How-to Wash Your Fleece
An Old Breed with New Possibilities
Icelandic Sheep Serve Dual Purpose
Printed Articles
Books & Publications
Helpful Links
Videos
Tongue River Farm Archive
Home Raised Herd Sires
Iceland Herd Sires
Icelandic Sheep Semen
Icelandic Sheep Semen Importation
Three Years Needed for Import AI
Newsletters
Farm Photo Tour
Iceland Trip Photo Tour
Shearing Days Photo Tour
Gallery
Contact
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Please carefully read the terms and conditions below. By accessing any part of this site, you agree to the terms and conditions printed below. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not access this site.
Privacy Policy
Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep is committed to protecting the privacy and security of personal information entrusted to us on our website (www.icelandicsheep.com). Please review our complete online privacy policy which can be found by clicking here.
Copyright Notice
All content on this website including photographs, logos, graphics, text and icons are the sole property of Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep or those content providers. All materials of this website, including arrangement thereof, are not to be downloaded or reproduced in any way, without the written permission of Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep. The above listed items are protected by U.S. copyright laws. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Unauthorized use of any materials that appear on this site may violate applicable trademark, copyright or other laws and could result in civil or criminal penalties.
Hyperlinks
Your use of links to other Internet websites or resources presented on this website is done so at your own risk. These sites are operated by third parties and Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep is not responsible for contents, opinions, and operation on any of these links.
Limitation of Liability Disclaimer
Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions contained in this website.
© Copyright 2016 Elkhorn Icelandic Sheep
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Credits |
Site Map