http://www.viscount.com.au/employment/recruitment_privacy_policy
Viscount Plastics, Materials Handling, Packaging, blow moulding, Australia
Recruitment Privacy Policy
Viscount Plastics may need to collect and use personal, sensitive and health related information about current employees and prospective employees. The company is committed in ensuring that it protects the privacy of any information that it handles. This policy has been developed and should be implemented in relation to employment related matters. All of the company employees are required to comply with the obligations set out in the policy.
In Australia this policy is based on the privacy principles contained in The Privacy Act as amended and in relation to the applicable Health Records Act.
What is personal information?
Personal information is "information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion" (Privacy Act 1988, section 6(1) (as amended)).
What is sensitive information?
If personal information concerns particular matters it is regarded as sensitive information. Sensitive information can be information or an opinion about an individual's:
racial or ethnic origin;
membership of a political association;
religious beliefs or affiliations;
political, ethical or philosophical beliefs;
membership of a professional or trade association;
membership of a trade union;
sexual preferences or practices;
age, marital status, pregnancy and childbirth;
criminal record;
employment status; or
disability and health information.
The company only collects, uses or discloses sensitive information about you as allowed by law, for example, where we have received your consent to do so, or the collection is necessary for establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
Why does the company collect information?
The company collects information about you and others to enable it to perform its functions and activities. For example, the information that the company collects enables it to:
undertake recruitment activities;
assess an employee's or prospective employee's ability to perform a job;
comply with regulatory requirements - such as those set out in taxation and superannuation legislation (where applicable); and
comply with its occupational health and safety obligations.
The type of information that the company collects and holds will vary from person to person but may include:
name, address and contact details such as telephone numbers and e-mail address;
date of birth and age;
qualifications;
other skills, certificates or relevant licences that you may have;
financial information (such as bank account details);
membership of professional associations/trade unions;
health information.
In most cases, if the company does not collect information about our employees:
Viscount Plastics may be unable to pay you or direct payment to others as required;
You may be subject to a higher rate of tax than would otherwise be necessary;
The company may not be able to contact you (or a relative in the event of an emergency); or
If you are a prospective employee, Viscount Plastics may not be able to offer you a position.
How does the company collect information?
Where possible we collect information directly from you. For example, we collect personal details for payroll needs at the induction stage of employment.
Does the company disclose your information to anyone?
Viscount Plastics may disclose your information in certain circumstances. For example, we may disclose your information to a court in response to a subpoena. The company may also disclose your information where you have consented to us doing so. Your consent to such disclosure may be given explicitly, such as in writing or verbally or be implied from your conduct. Generally, we do not disclose your information to a party outside Viscount Plastics.
Some examples of parties outside Viscount Plastics to whom we may disclose your information and the reasons for disclosure are:
Australian Taxation Office and superannuation funds for the provision of tax file numbers and superannuation information;
Banks and other financial institutions (as requested by you) to effect the payment of your salary;
Medical practitioners and other health providers (to assist the company to comply with occupational health and safety obligations and/or WorkCover purposes); and
Health insurance companies and trade unions (pursuant to your request).
Ensuring your information is up to date
In performing our functions and activities we rely on the information that we hold about you. For this reason, it is very important that the information we collect from you is accurate, complete and up to date. During the course of our relationship with you should tell us of any changes to your information. You can contact your manager who will direct you to the relevant Viscount Plastics site representative in respect of your request, at any time to update your information or to tell us that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete.
Security of your information
The company takes all reasonable precautions to safeguard your information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. We employ a number of means to protect your information including:
External and internal premises security; and
Restricted access to information. Access to information is only permitted to personnel who are trained with respect to collection, use and disclosure of the information; and
IT password protection.
We take reasonable steps to securely dispose of all information that is no longer needed for which it was requested, or as required by law. However, we cannot guarantee that the transmission of data over the internet is totally secure. We take reasonable effort to ensure any personal information collected is held securely by installing appropriate anti-virus and firewall software.
E-mails maybe automatically scanned which could result in certain attachments and style of message being held, until authorised and released by our IT administrators. This is purely for IT security purposes and our IT administrators will not access the content of the e-mails once this process is complete.
Can I access my information?
You may request access to any information that we hold about you by contacting the Manager, Human Resources on (03) 9264 9222 who will direct you to the relevant Viscount Plastics site representative in respect of your request.
Can my request for access to my information be denied?
Viscount Plastics is not always required to provide you with access to your information. The company may refuse you access to your information in a number of circumstances, these include where the information may relate to existing or anticipated legal proceedings with you, where denying access is required by law, or where the request for access is regarded as frivolous or vexatious. If we deny your request for access to, or refuse your request to correct your information, we will explain why.
Can I complain about a breach of my privacy?
If you have a question about this policy, wish to lodge a request to access your information or have a complaint about the management of your information you should contact: -
General Manager, Australasia
Viscount Plastics (Australia) Pty. Ltd.
Level 1, 693 Burke Road
Hawthorn East VIC 3123
Telephone: 03 9811 1666
You will then be directed to the appropriate site representative in respect of your request.
Complaints should include details of the conduct that is the basis for the complaint, the privacy principle that has been breached and any specific details about the grievance.
Site Map | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Copyright © Viscount Plastics Pty Ltd
Web design Australia by Wolters Kluwer