https://www.hemsec.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
This is the privacy notice of Hemsec Manufacturing Ltd.We respect your privacy and are determined to protect your personal data. The purpose of this privacy notice is to inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from). We’ll also tell you about your privacy rights and how the data protection law protects you.This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Alternatively you can download a PDF version of the policy here. WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS DATA SECURITY DATA RETENTION YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNS
WHO WE ARE AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION What is the purpose of this privacy notice?This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you, for example; submit a contact form, request a quotation, purchase a product or service.This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.You must read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.Data controller(s)Hemsec Manufacturing Ltd is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “Hemsec”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). Our contact details are Stoney Lane, Rainhill, Merseyside, L35 9LL. Telephone: 0151 426 7171. For all data matters please contact us by email: privacy@hemsec.comThird-party links outside of our controlThis website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. You can find out more about personal data from the Information Commissioners Office.We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:Identity Dataincludes First Name, Last Name, Title.Contact Dataincludes Billing Address, Delivery Address, Email Address, Telephone Numbers.Profile Data includes Purchases or Orders made by you, Preferences, Feedback.Financial Data includes Bank Account Details.Transaction Data includes Details About Payments To and From You, Other Details Of Products And Services you have purchased from us.Technical Data includes IP Address, Browser Type and Version, Location, Operating System and Platform, Other technology on the devices you use to access this website.Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us, your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.If you fail to provide personal dataWhere we need to collect your personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
Apply for our products or services including quotations and orders;
Request marketing to be sent to you.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
Financial Performance Data from providers of company information and performance services such as Graydons based inside the EU;
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Performance of Contract thismeans processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legitimate Interestthis means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by emailing us: privacy@hemsec.com
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligationthis means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us: privacy@hemsec.com
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, with the legal bases we rely on to do so.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(c) Inform you of product data changes
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Opt in consent within our contact forms;
Opt out links within any marketing related communications;
Dedicated email address: privacy@hemsec.com;
Data access rights as per Section 9: Your Legal Rights.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Hemsec group of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by emailing us: privacy@hemsec.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, product or service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please email us: privacy@hemsec.com
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITHWe may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.External Third Parties Services, for example:Transportation providers acting as processors based in the UK who provide delivery services that enable us to get our products to our customers.Fabricators acting as processors based in the UK who provide external product fabricating and processing services that enable us to offer extra works prior to delivery or assist our customers with their overall project requirements.Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSWe do not transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTIONWe will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by emailing us: privacy@hemsec.comBy law we have to keep basic information about our customers including contact, identity, financial and transaction data for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Section 9: Your legal rights; below for further information.In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSUnless subject to an exemption under the data protection laws, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data:The right to request a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary to retain such data;The right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, where consent was the lawful basis for processing your data;The right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller, (known as the right to data portability), where applicable 9i.e. where our processing is based on consent or is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or where we process your data by automated means);The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;The right to object to our processing of personal data, where applicable i.e. where processing is based on our legitimate interests (or in performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority); direct marketing or processing for the purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics).If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us: privacy@hemsec.comNo fee required – with some exceptionsYou will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable admin fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.What we may need from youWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.Time limit to respondWe try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGESThis version was last updated on 22/03/2019 and historic versions can be obtained by emailing us: privacy@hemsec.comPlease keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.
QUERIES, REQUESTS OR CONCERNSTo exercise all relevant rights, queries or complaints in relation to this policy or any other data protection matter between you and us, please in the first instance email us: privacy@hemsec.comIf this does not resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office on 03031231113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, England, UK.
Start typing and press enter to search
Search …
Cookie PreferencesThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.AcceptReject Read MoreCookies
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Scroll to Top
Read about our latest supply updates throughout the ongoing pandemic...
Information Here
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings