https://www.allseasonsflowers.net/privacy-policy/
Privacy & Cookies Policy
This privacy policy notice is served by All Seasons Flowers Ltd, Unit 6, Skyport Heathrow, Armadale Rd, Feltham, Middx TW14 0LW, UK under the website; http://www.allseasonsflowers.net/. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information through the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website, and or refrain from submitting your personal data to us.
Policy key definitions:
“I”, “our”, “us”, or “we” refer to the business, All Seasons Flowers Ltd. “you”, “the user” refer to the person(s) using this website. GDPR means General Data Protection Act. PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation. Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device. Key principles of GDPR:
Our privacy policy embodies the following key principles; (a) Lawfulness, fairness and transparency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accuracy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability.
Processing of your personal data
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we do not control and / or process any personal information about you electronically.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;the right of access;the right to rectification;the right to erasure;the right to restrict processing;the right to data portability;the right to object; andthe right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to make a complaint to the ICO if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable.
Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website.
We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies, and control which cookies are saved to your device / computer. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options.
Cookies that we use are:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
Visit the Google Privacy & Terms for more information on the privacy practices of Google.
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Fair & Transparent Privacy Explained
We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it. OK Privacy & Cookies PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.