https://www.imaginationonline.info/terms-of-use/
Home » Terms of Use
By accessing this website imaginationonline.info please be aware that:
The owner of this website provides no guarantee as to the accuracy of information;
Your continued use of the website is at the users own risk;
The user may not reproduce any of the content, designs, look/feel etc without the owners consent;
The owner of the website does not have any responsibility for and does not endorse any linked sites;
Where a third party product or service is recommended, the owner of the website has no liability for that product or service;
A third party may not link to this website without the owners consent; to prevent unauthorised access to the website; to prevent disclosure by users to third parties of access security information;
The owner has no liability for any third party hacking into this web site; and is not liable for any advice given on the website. Updated January 2020
Phone: 07725 576472
COVID-19 Update:
One-to-one/Personal Services are currently not available.
This is the Website of Imagination Image Consultancy for Personal Customers.
If you are looking for a Training Company for Colour and Style please visit our sister website: trainingwithimagination.co.uk imaginationonline.co.uk
COVID-19 Please note that our training courses remain available for study during these uncertain times as they can be delivered and assessed electronically.
Course Kits will be dispatched using strict hygiene guidelines.
We are based in Kent in the UK.
For the Perfect Present…
Contact Imagination
2 Downlands, Harrietsham
Kent UK
ME17 1LE
+44 (0) 7725 576472
helen@imaginationonline.info
Find out more about how our site works and how we put you in control:
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Tags
Asparagus
Bag Tax
Bra's
Britain on a Plate
Colour
Colour Psychology
Cookery Class
First Aid
Free Download
Funeral
Graduation
Healthy Starter Programme
Home Demonstration
hosiery
Jute Bag
Let's Mix Again
Lupita Nyong'o
Meal Plan
Orange
Party Dressing Tips
Pasta
Pink
raincoat
Recipe Collection
Recipe Ideas
Recipe Platform
Recipe Review
Red
Review
Shopping
spring2016
stockings
Thermomix
Thermomix TM5
tights
TM5
TM5 Britian on a Plate
top tips
Turtleneck
warobe planning
Water
What no to Wear
What to Wear
White
Winter Warmers
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
error: Content is protected !!