https://www.ptisecurities.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | PTI Securities & Futures LP
Open An Account
About Us
Managed Money
Assisted Trading
Learn
Contact Us
Obtain counsel from some of PTI's experienced former floor traders.
https://www.ptisecurities.com/wp-content/uploads/slideshow-gallery/index3.jpg
View Results from PTI's PIP Program.
https://www.ptisecurities.com/wp-content/uploads/slideshow-gallery/index2.jpg
Previous Image
Next Image
info heading
info content
Privacy Policy
Facts
What does PTI Securities Do With Your Personal Information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives
consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you
how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to
understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you
have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Assets and investment experience
Account balance and transaction history
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this
notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday
business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their
customers’ personal information; the reasons PTI Securities chooses to share; and
whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PTI Securities Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain
your account(s), respond to court orders and legal
investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
Questions?
Call 1.800.821.4968
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
PTI Securities & Futures, L.P.
What we do
How does PTI Securities protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does PTI Securities collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
open an account or seek advice about your investments
buy or sell securities or make deposits/or withdrawals
enter into an investment advisory contract
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. (See below for more on your rights under state law.)
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
PTI Securities does not share with nonaffiliates to market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include financial services companies.
© 1991-2020 PTI Securities & Futures LP | SEC Role 606 Reports | CRS Relationship Summary Disclosure | Regulation Best Interest Disclosure | Disclosures | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. PTI Securities is a member of: SPC NFA FINRA