http://www.cardinalcapitalmanagement.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
Cardinal Capital Privacy Pledge
At Cardinal Capital Management, Inc. ®, the interest of our clients always comes first. As part of our firm’s long tradition of trust, the confidentiality of client information has been and will continue to be paramount. We maintain high standards to safeguard your personal financial information at all times, and we will remain vigilant in protecting that information.
We collect personal financial information to operate prudently and to meet legal and regulatory requirements. We never rent or sell your name or other personal financial information.
What information do we collect from and about you?
We collect only personal financial information that is either required or necessary to provide personalized investment portfolio management services to you.
We obtain nonpublic personal information about you from your account application(s), the client profile and other forms, such as name, address, Social Security number, telephone number, financial assets and income, and from our conversations from time to time.
We collect information about your financial transactions, such as securities transferred, bought and sold, and fund transfers, with your selected broker-dealer firm acting as custodian of your securities in your account (s).
We may obtain information about you, such as taxes to be paid or liquidity requirements, from third parties, such as your accountant, your financial planner and/or your attorney.
What information do we disclose to nonaffiliated third parties about you?
We may disclose all of the information that we collect, as described above under “What information do we collect from and about you?” as permitted by law to the following third parties: Cardinal Capital uses the services of broker-dealers who act as custodians of our clients’ securities to provide investment management services to you. We may disclose information about you to your selected broker-dealer or other financial parties as necessary to effect transactions for your account(s).
We disclose information upon your request to your accountant, financial planner, banker, attorney or other parties that you may specify. At any time you can modify these authorizations by contacting us.
We may also disclose information to government agencies and regulatory organizations when permitted or required by law.
What information do we disclose about former clients and to whom?
We will disclose some or all of a former client’s personal information to government agencies and self-regulatory organizations when required by law, such as complying with subpoenas and other official governmental requests.
How do we protect the confidentiality and security of your information?
We maintain and monitor our physical, electronic and procedural safeguards, updating them as needed so that we may guard your personal information in an effort to protect the confidentiality and security of that information.
Primary Sidebar
Sign Up For Quarterly Commentary
Sign Up
Our integrated team of highly qualified and experienced professionals
are committed to meet our clients’ investment objectives.
Learn how our people and purpose truly set us apart.
Connect with Cardinal Capital Management today.
Connect
FooterOur Firm
Our Team
Our Methodology
News + Insights
Contact
2626 Glenwood Avenue, Suite 380, Raleigh, NC 27608
Tel: 800 625 2335
Tel: 919 532 7500
Fax: 919 532 7501
Email: info@cardinalcapitalmanagement.com
LinkedIn