http://www.gygi.com/privacy-policy
Click here to learn about our FREE SHIPPING promotion
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICYOur commitment to your privacyGygi.com is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection in regards to any information that we may collect. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you of what information we may collect and how that information is used. What information do we collect?In order to make your visits go Gygi.com as enjoyable and productive as possible, we collect some basic information when you visit us. Gygi.com only tracks generic information that contains no personally identifiable data. We keep track of information such as how many people visit the site, how many people visit each page of the site, and the most common paths through the site. This information helps us to understand what is drawing the most interest and analyze what areas fo the site we may be able to improve. We keep track of how many AOL, Netscape, or Internet Explorer users are visiting the site as well as what browser versions visitors are using. This information tells us how many people are using Netscape Communicator 4.7, etc. This allow us to customize site features to the features our visitors can use. We may also record which site or search engine referred you to Gygi.com and what phrase you searched for that brought you to our site. CookiesWhat is a "cookie"? A cookie is a small data file that Web sites often store on your computer's hard drive when you visit their sites. A cookie may contain information (such as unique user ID) that is used to track the pages of the sites you've visited. We use cookies but do not store personally identifiable information in your cookie. How do we use information?Submission of forms through feedback, request information or any other contact with Gygi.com is kept confidential. In addition Gygi.com does not share, sell or rent your e-mail address or any other information that you may submit to us to third parties. We may, however, use third parties to help provide services such as monitoring site activity, serving site content, organizing information, conducting surveys, and administering e-mails, drawings, or contests. All outside contractors who have access to personal data have agreed to maintain and protect the security and integrity of the personal information. Policy ChangesIf our information practices change in the future, we will let you know by posting the policy changes on our Web site or by communicating directly with you. We will notify you of any such change before we use your information in a manner not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. You will have the opportunity at that time to opt out of any new use of your information.