http://www.sunabros.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Close menu
Shop
Collections
Blossom
Classics
Constellation
Lace
Pavé
Starry Night
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Facets of Suna
Why Suna?
Our Story
Our Legacy
Five Reasons
Blog
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
Close cart
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: 21 November 2019
These terms and conditions apply to the Suna Bros Inc website located at www.sunabros.com  (“the Site”). Please read these terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) carefully. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
OPERATOR OF WEBSITE
Suna Bros Inc® is a registered marked and owned by Suna Bros Inc. Suna Bros. is the operator of the Suna Bros Inc Site and is the seller of all items which are sold through the Site.  All references in these Terms and Conditions to “Suna Bros Inc” are to Suna Bros. as the operator of the Site and seller of the products sold through the Site.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERN USE OF SITE
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of, and any purchase from, the Suna Bros Inc Site, and constitute an agreement between you and Suna Bros Inc. Suna Bros Inc reserves the right to change or modify any of these Terms and Conditions or any policy or guideline of the Site at any time, and in its sole discretion. Any change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions on the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of its changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Therefore, you should frequently review these Terms and Conditions and any other applicable policies from time-to-time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site. If you do not agree to the amended terms, you must stop using the Site.
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY AND PRICING
If you’re interested in a piece of jewelry that is currently on back order, call us and we can tell you when the item will be back in stock. Sometimes with the volume of orders we receive, an item may go out of stock before we are able to post a notification on the Site. If this happens, we will contact you directly to discuss possible options.
Data, including prices, might be inaccurately displayed on our Site due to system or typographical errors. While we make every attempt to avoid these errors, they may occur. We reserve the right to correct any and all errors when they do occur, and we do not honor inaccurate or erroneous prices. If a product’s listed price is lower than its actual price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping the product or cancel the order and notify you of such cancellation. If the order has been shipped, you agree to either return the product or pay the difference between the actual and charged prices. Our prices are also subject to change without notice. We apologize for any inconvenience that this may cause. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at: info@sunabros.com or call 212-840-6509.
We do not negotiate prices on our products and all our prices are final.
COMPARISON PURCHASING
To keep our prices low, we do not allow comparison purchasing. Comparison purchasing is the act of buying several items with the intent of keeping the one you like best and returning the remainder. This causes undue restocking and inventory overhead and can be very costly. To confirm the quality of a jewelry item, please contact us at: info@sunabros.com or call 212-869-5670 and we would be happy to help you make your choice.
SALES TAX
Sales tax will be charged as required by state and local tax laws.
SHIPPING INFORMATION
Please see our Shipping and Return policies found here.
INFORMATION ON OUR SITE
At Suna Bros Inc, we make every attempt to ensure that our online catalog is as accurate and complete as possible. In order to give you the opportunity to view our products in great detail, some products may appear larger or smaller than their actual size in our photographs; and since every computer monitor is set differently, color and size may vary slightly.
Our objective is to provide you with as much information and detail about your prospective purchase as possible so that you can see the beauty and shape of a particular item.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how Suna Bros Inc collects, uses, and discloses personally identifiable information from its customers.
SITE CONTENT
The Site and all content and other materials, including, without limitation, the Suna Bros Inc logo, and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, selection, coordination, ‘look and feel’, information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the “Site Materials”) are the proprietary property of Suna Bros Inc or its licensors and are protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
TRADEMARKS
Suna Bros Inc® and any other product or service name or slogan contained in our Site are trademarks of Suna Bros Inc and/or its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Suna Bros Inc or the applicable trademark holder.
You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing “Suna Bros Inc” or any other name, trademark or product or service name of Suna Bros Inc without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and Suna Bros Inc names or logos mentioned in our Site are the property of their respective owners.
USE OF THE SITE
You are granted a personal, limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use our Site and electronically copy (except where prohibited without a license), and print to hard copy portions of our Site Materials for your informational, non-commercial and personal use only.
Such license is subject to these Terms and Conditions and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of our Site or the Site Materials therein; (b) the collection and use of any product listings, pictures or descriptions for commercial purposes; (c) the distribution, public performance or public display of any Site Materials, (d) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of our Site and the Site Materials, or any portion thereof; (e) use of any automated means to access, monitor or interact with any portion of our Site, including through data mining, robots, spiders, scraping, or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (f) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of our Site, the Site Materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on our Site; (g) cause to appear any pop-up, pop-under, exit windows, expanding buttons, banners, advertisement, or anything else which minimizes, covers, or frames or inhibits the full display of our Site; (h) use our web sites in any way which interferes with the normal operation of our sites; or (i) any use of our Site or the Site Materials other than for its intended purpose. Any use of our Site or the Site Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Suna Bros Inc, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.
INFRINGER POLICY
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, Suna Bros Inc has adopted a policy of terminating and barring, in appropriate circumstances and at Suna Bros Inc’s sole discretion, site users or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Suna Bros Inc also reserves the right, its sole discretion to limit access to this site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
If you believe that your work has been copied and is accessible on the Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify Suna Bros Inc by providing the following information (as required by the Online Copyright Infringement Liability Limitation Act of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. § 512) to info@sunabros.com
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit Suna Bros Inc to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit Suna Bros Inc to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number and an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Alternatively, you may reach the Suna Bros Inc Legal Department with a valid inquiry as follows:
COPYRIGHT AGENT
Suna Bros Inc, DBA Suna Bros Inc, 10 West 46th Street 5th Floor, New York, NY 10036
Inquiries that do not comply with all of the requirements of 17 U.S.C. § 512 may not be effective.
Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on the Site is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under 17 U.S.C. § 512(f).
THIRD PARTY CONTENT
Suna Bros Inc may provide links to Web pages and content of third parties (“Third Party Content”) as a service to those interested in this information. Suna Bros Inc does not monitor or have any control over any Third-Party Content or third-party Sites. Suna Bros Inc does not endorse any Third-Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Suna Bros Inc does not represent or warrant the accuracy of any information contained therein and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third-Party Content. Users use these links and Third-Party Content contained therein at their own risk.
ADVERTISEMENTS AND PROMOTIONS
Suna Bros Inc may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on our Site. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than Suna Bros Inc, and any terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. Suna Bros Inc is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such non-Suna Bros Inc advertisers on our Site.
SUBMISSIONS
You acknowledge and agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, regarding this site, Suna Bros Inc, or our products or services that are provided by you to Suna Bros Inc are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of Suna Bros Inc. Suna Bros Inc will own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You grant Suna Bros Inc and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the content that you submit, or that you otherwise have the right to submit such content to this site; (b) the content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the content you supply will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.
PRODUCT REVIEWS AND USER CONTENT
Our Site includes a product review feature and includes or may include in the future discussion forums, user generated content, or other areas or services in which you or third parties create, post, or store any content, messages, materials or other items on our Site (‘Interactive Areas’). You are solely responsible for your use of such Interactive Areas and use them at your own risk. By using any Interactive Areas, you agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through our Site any of the following:
Any message, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, video, graphics, code or other material (‘User Content’) that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any rules of a securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or NASDAQ;
User Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. By posting any User Content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such User Content;
User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
Unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;
Private information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and
User Content that, in the sole judgment of Suna Bros Inc, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas or our Site, or which may expose Suna Bros Inc or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
Suna Bros Inc takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is Suna Bros Inc liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Your use of Interactive Areas is at your own risk. As a provider of interactive services, Suna Bros Inc is not liable for any statements, representations or User Content provided by its users in any public forum, personal home page or other Interactive Area. Although Suna Bros Inc has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the Content posted in any Interactive Area, Suna Bros Inc reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any User Content posted or stored on our Site at any time and for any reason without notice, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on our Site at your sole cost and expense. Any use of the Interactive Areas or other portions of our Site in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms and Conditions and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Interactive Areas and/or our Site. In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas or court orders, to protect Suna Bros Inc’s systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of Suna Bros Inc’s business and systems, Suna Bros Inc may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, user profile information (i.e., name, e-mail address, etc.), IP addressing and traffic information, usage history, and posted User Content. Suna Bros Inc’s right to disclose any such information shall govern over any terms of Suna Bros Inc’s Privacy Policy.
If you post User Content to our Site, unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Suna Bros Inc and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content throughout the world in any media. You grant Suna Bros Inc and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such User Content to our Site; (b) the User Content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the User Content you supply does not violate these Terms and Conditions and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Suna Bros Inc, its independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to any Content you post, store or otherwise transmit on or through our Site or your use of or inability to use our Site, including without limitation any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against Suna Bros Inc and/or its independent contractors, service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to the Content, your conduct, your violation of these Terms and Conditions or your violation of the rights of any third party.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY SUNA BROS INC, THIS SITE, THE CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN, AND THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR IN CONNECTION THEREWITH (THE “PRODUCTS AND SERVICES”) ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. SUNA BROS INC DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, AND MATERIALS IN OUR SITE. SUNA BROS INC DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN OUR SITE OR THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. SUNA BROS INC DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT OUR SITE OR ITS SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL SUNA BROS INC, ITS DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OUR SITE, THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH OUR SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CASED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM SUNA BROS INC, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO SUNA BROS INC’S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.
APPLICABLE LAW AND VENUE
These Terms and Conditions and your use of this site will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of New York, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of your use of this site, any purchase from this site, or these Terms and Conditions.
MODIFICATION AND NOTICE
You agree that Suna Bros Inc may modify these Terms and Conditions and any other policies on our Site at any time and that posting the modified Terms and Conditions or policies on our Site will constitute sufficient notice of such modification.
TERMINATION
Notwithstanding any of these Terms and Conditions, Suna Bros Inc reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this site, and to block or prevent future your access to and use of the Site.
SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at: info@sunabros.com or call 212-869-5670
"Close (esc)"