https://www.summitelectronics.com/privacy.html
Summit Electronics Corporation
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the
information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web
site.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server
and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to
help identify you and your shopping cart.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These
ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of
our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by
our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact
information (like their name, email, and postal address), unique
identifiers (like their social security number), and demographic
information (like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship
purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact
information is also used to send promotional material from some
of our partners to our customers, and to get in touch with the
customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are
collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We
use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site
showing them content that we think they might be interested in,
and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request
information, products, and services. We collect contact
information (like their email address), financial information
(like their account or credit card numbers), unique identifiers
(like their social security number), and demographic information
(like their zip code, age, or income level).
Contact information from the order forms is used to ship
purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact
information is also used to send promotional material from some
of our partners to our customers, and to get in touch with the
visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the
choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to check the
users' qualifications for registration, and to bill the user for
products and services.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are
collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity,
and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We
use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site
showing them content that we think they might be interested in,
and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving
promotional/marketing information from us.
You can send email to sales@summitelectronics.com
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
You can send email to sales@summitelectronics.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the
practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you
can contact: sales@summitelectronics.com