http://www.gaport.com/company/terms-of-service.htm
Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Welcome to our website. We work hard on this site with the intent of making your visit informative and helpful. This website and its information is provided by Georgia Portable Buildings, Inc. (hereafter referred to as “GPB”) located at 11281 Veterans Memorial Hwy, Douglasville, GA 30134. Your use of this website gives evidence that you have read and accept our Terms of Use for this website.
Governing Law
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the state of Georgia will govern these Terms of Use and any dispute that might arise between you and GPB and its associates. This shall be without regard to principles of conflict of law; the law of the state of Georgia will govern.
Copyright
This entire website is the exclusive property of GPB and is protected by international copyright laws. The content of this site, including all text, logos, graphics, icons, buttons, audio clips, images, digital downloads, and data compilations is the sole and exclusive property of GPB with copyright authorship.
Site Access and License
GPB grants you limited access to their website for personal use. You are not granted the right to download, (other than page caching) or make modifications to any portion without the express written consent of GPB. You may not make commercial use of this site, or resell any portion of this site. The use of any product descriptions, pictures, prices or price lists for commercial use is strictly forbidden. Any downloading or copying of information from this website for the benefit of another merchant is strictly forbidden. You are further prohibited from using data gathering or extraction tools such as robots, or data mining tools to gather information for commercial purposes without the express, written consent of GPB. You may not use any techniques to frame or enclose our trademarks, logos, or other proprietary information. This would include text, forms, images or page layout from this website without express written consent. You may not use GPB'S name, logo, or any other trademarks, including meta tags or other “hidden text” without express written permission. You are granted a revocable, limited right to create a hyperlink to the home page of GPB, however, the link may not portray GPB, its employees and associates or products in a negative, derogatory, false, or offensive manner. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate one or more of these Terms of Use. If your license to use this site is terminated, you must destroy any materials downloaded from this site, whether in electronic or printed format.
Product Descriptions
GPB and its associates make every effort to keep the descriptions, pricing and other information as accurate and reliable as possible. However, we are human and simple mathematical, photographic, technical, and clerical or other errors can occur. We reserve the right to correct any such errors immediately upon discovery and without prior notice. If this is not acceptable to you, your sole remedy is to not purchase our products.
GPB will not be liable for any damages resulting from the use of this site. This shall include, but not be limited to incidental, indirect, direct, punitive and consequential damages. GPB does not warrant that this site, its servers, or email are free of harmful components, such as viruses, and again, we will not be liable for any such damages.
Product Warrantities
GPB is an authorized distributor for a variety of products and manufacturers. The warranties offered on these products vary considerably. Listing all our products and the specific warranty for each is not practical for this page. One of our well qualified sales representatives will be glad to assist you regarding any specific product. Feel free to give us a call.
Links
You may find links to other websites. The use of such links does not imply endorsement by GPB of the site. GPB has no control over such linked websites. Therefore, we cannot assume responsibility for the practices, accuracy or contents of any such linked site.
Privacy
Please visit our privacy policy for additional details.
Website Revisions and Corrections
GPB may make changes to these terms at any time and without notice. By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound to the current version of the Terms of Use. Furthermore, GPB reserves the right to terminate your access to the Site, without any advance notice. If you see the need to discuss, suggest, inquire about any of the information above, please contact us.
© 1999-2020 All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Terms of Service
Bookmark this page
Scroll