https://www.ripcurl.com/us/policies/terms.html
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SITE INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT, SO PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE PROCEEDING.
Welcome to the ripcurl.com website. Rip Curl Inc provides services to you subject to the notices, terms, and conditions set forth in this agreement. In addition, when you use any of our services (e.g., Customer Reviews), you will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such service, and they are incorporated into this agreement by this reference. We reserve the right to change this site and these terms and conditions at any time.
USE OF SITE
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we hereby grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access and use this site by displaying it on your internet browser only for the purpose of shopping for personal items sold on the site and not for any commercial use or use on behalf of any third party, except as explicitly permitted by us in advance. Any breach of this Agreement shall result in the immediate revocation of the license granted in this paragraph without notice to you.
Except as permitted in the paragraph above, you may not reproduce, distribute, display, sell, lease, transmit, create derivative works from, translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise exploit this site or any portion of it unless expressly permitted by us in writing. You may not make any commercial use of any of the information provided on the site or make any use of the site for the benefit of another business unless explicitly permitted by us in advance. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at its discretion, including, without limitation, if we believe that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to our interests.
You shall not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this site any content, information, or other material that (a) violates or infringes the copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights of any person; (b) is libelous, threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, pornographic, or could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under U.S. or international law; or (c) includes any bugs, viruses, worms, trap doors, Trojan horses or other harmful code or properties.
Content provided on this site is solely for informational purposes. It is your sole responsibility to consult a licensed physician or qualified health care professional for advice, diagnosis, and/or treatment of any health related condition. Submissions or opinions expressed on this site are that of the individual expressing such Submission or opinion and may not reflect our opinions.
We may assign you a password and account identification to enable you to access and use certain portions of this site. Each time you use a password or identification, you will be deemed to be authorized to access and use the site in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this agreement, and we have no obligation to investigate the authorization or source of any such access or use of the site.
YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE BY ANYONE USING THE PASSWORD AND IDENTIFICATION ORIGINALLY ASSIGNED TO YOU WHETHER OR NOT SUCH ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE IS ACTUALLY AUTHORIZED BY YOU, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL COMMUNICATIONS AND TRANSMISSIONS AND ALL OBLIGATIONS (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS) INCURRED THROUGH SUCH ACCESS OR USE.
You are solely responsible for protecting the security and confidentiality of the password and identification assigned to you. You shall immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or identification or any other breach or threatened breach of this site's security.
REVIEWS AND COMMENTS
Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this agreement or on the site, anything that you submit or post to the site and/or provide us, including without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, "Submissions") is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such Submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions. All Submissions shall automatically become our sole and exclusive property and shall not be returned to you.
In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post comments or reviews to the site, you also grant us the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments and other content that you post on this site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other content by us will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party. You shall not use a false e mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions or content. We may, but shall not be obligated to, remove or edit any Submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason.
NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS
No provisions in these Terms and Conditions should be construed to waive any or disclaim any established legal right of a consumer or any legal responsibility of [ENTITY] owed to consumers. All provisions of these Terms and Conditions, including exculpatory provisions disclaiming liability for damages, including indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages, are disclaimed with respect to New Jersey consumers only to the fullest extent permitted by New Jersey law and in no event shall the waivers, disclaimers, or limitations on [ENTITY'S] liability or damages exceed the limits allowable under the laws of the State of New Jersey.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All text, graphics, button icons, images, audio clips, and software (collectively, "content"), belongs exclusively to Rip Curl, or its affiliates. The collection, arrangement, and assembly of all content on this site (the "compilation") belongs exclusively to Rip Curl or its affiliates. All software used on this site (the "software") is the property of Rip Curl, its affiliates or its software suppliers. The content, the compilation and the software are all protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. RIPCURL.COM, and other logos, slogans, trade names or words are registered trademarks, trademarks or service marks of Rip Curl, its affiliates, suppliers, or third parties. The use of any of our trademarks or service marks without our express written consent is strictly prohibited. You may not use our trademarks or service marks in connection with any product or service in any way that is likely to cause confusion. You may not use our trademarks or service marks in any manner that disparages or discredits us. You may not use any of our trademarks or service marks in meta tags without prior explicit consent.
PRIVACY POLICY
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to this Site, to understand our practices.
TERMINATION AND EFFECT OF TERMINATION
In addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, we may, without prior notice to you, immediately terminate the agreement or revoke any or all of your rights granted under this agreement. Upon any termination of this agreement, you shall immediately cease all access to and use of the site and we shall, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, immediately revoke all password(s) and account identification issued to you and deny your access to and use of this site in whole or in part. Any termination of this agreement shall not affect the respective rights and obligations (including without limitation, payment obligations) of the parties arising before the date of termination.
DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, DATA ACCURACY AND SYSTEM INTEGRATION. THIS SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES, MISTAKES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
LINKS
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
We respect the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact Rip Curl.
REMEDIES
You agree that our remedy at law for any actual or threatened breach of this agreement would be inadequate and that we shall be entitled to specific performance or injunctive relief, or both, in addition to any damages that we may be legally entitled to recover, together with reasonable expenses of any form of dispute resolution, including, without limitation, attorneys' fees. No right or remedy of ours shall be exclusive of any other, whether at law or in equity, including without limitation damages injunctive relief, attorneys' fees and expenses. No instance of waiver by us of our rights or remedies under these terms and conditions shall imply any obligation to grant any similar, future or other waiver.
APPLICABLE LAW
This site is created and controlled by us in the State of California, USA. As such, the laws of the State of California will govern these disclaimers, terms, and conditions, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site or to the products you purchase through the site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in the State of California, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of California. You hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of California. Arbitration under these Terms of Use shall be conducted pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules then prevailing at the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this agreement, whether through class action proceedings or otherwise. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the site or this agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act (SB 657) RIP CURL, INC. has zero tolerance for any form of forced labor, including slavery and human trafficking, in our supply chain. Our company forbids our manufacturers to use forced labor of any kind, as stated in our Workplace Code of Conduct, which is agreed to and guaranteed by each of our manufacturers.
The California Transparency in Supply Chains Act (SB 657) requires us to disclose our efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from our direct supply chains, and we require all of our manufacturers’ collaboration on these efforts:
Verification of Product Supply Chain As stated in our Manufacturing Agreement, our manufacturers warrant that all products they produce for us shall be in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations then in force, including but not limited to all labor and other laws governing workers’ rights and workplace safety in the country or territory in which the products are manufactured. Our manufacturers agree to adhere to our “Workplace Code of Conduct,” which specifically forbids the use of forced labor and provides workers with other protections as well.
Audits of Suppliers We solicit audit information from independent third-party sources to evaluate compliance by our manufacturers with our Workplace Code of Conduct, and specifically forced labor practices. We currently do not do independent, unannounced audits of our factories.
Certification of Materials We require each of our manufacturers to guarantee that they require their direct suppliers of materials (incorporated into our products) to comply with laws regarding the elimination of slavery and human trafficking in their supply chains.
Standards for Compliance If any of our manufacturers is found to violate laws concerning the use of forced labor or our Workplace Code of Conduct, they are required to make immediate improvements, and are subject to sanctions, including termination by us.
Training of Staff Our employees and management members with direct responsibility for supply chain management are provided education on forced labor issues, including human trafficking and slavery.
SEVERABILITY
If any these provisions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed several and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision.
OUR ADDRESS
Please send any questions or comments (including all inquiries unrelated to copyright infringement) regarding this Site to:
Rip Curl North America 3030 Airway Avenue Costa Mesa, CA 92626
Terms of Use
Your Privacy
Terms of Use
Online Gift Cards
Promotions
Ergo x Rip Curl Survey
CA Transparency Act