https://www.avs.ie/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Collection of your personal information
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Audio Visual Services Ltd.
The website of Audio Visual Services Ltd contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts us by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Audio Visual Services Ltd reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the privacy policy, you should not access or use the site.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons. Audio Visual Services Ltd reserves the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Contacting Us
If you’d like to discuss our privacy policy, or if you have any questions regarding your privacy while visiting our website, do not hesitate to contact us.
This site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, analyse your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts, and provide content from third parties as described in ourPrivacy Policy Accept Cookies