http://www.foskers.com/privacy-policy
Home
Showroom
Ferrari For Sale
Ferrari Models For Sale
Ferrari 246 Dino
Ferrari 308
Ferrari 328
Ferrari 355
Ferrari 360
Ferrari
365
Ferrari 430
Ferrari
456
Ferrari 458
Ferrari
512 TR
Ferrari 550M
Ferrari 599
Ferrari Testarossa
Ferrari Sold
Sell Your Car
Storage
Workshop
Servicing
Book a Service
Restoration
News
About us
About Us
History
Testimonials
Contact us
© 2020 Foskers Ltd.
Privacy Policy
Fosker Engineering LLP takes its website users’ privacy very seriously and is fully aware of its obligations laid out under General Data Protection Regulation.
The term ‘Foskers’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Foskers LLP Unit 5 Brands Hatch Park Scratchers Lane Fawkham Kent DA3 8PU. Registered Company Number: 0C342273. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
Fosker Engineering LLP takes all reasonable care to comply at all times with General Data Protection Regulation and all relevant UK and EU laws.
This privacy policy is effective as of 17th May 2018, and is subject to change without prior notice. Fosker Engineering LLP encourages its website users to review this policy periodically. By using Fosker Engineering LLP’s website you agree to the terms of this policy in effect at that time.
Information Fosker Engineering LLP collects
Fosker Engineering LLP collects both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information through this website in order to help Fosker Engineering LLP learn more about how its website users use this website and to provide its website users with information about Fosker Engineering LLP, its business and services. Website users are not obliged to provide Fosker Engineering LLP with personal information to use the website however, Fosker Engineering LLP may obtain sensitive personal data about you, such as your name, email address, home address and telephone number when you volunteer it during the completion of the enquiry form. If you volunteer such information you will be consenting to our processing it for the purpose supplied. Fosker Engineering LLP may monitor your usage of this website and uses personal information to administer and expand its business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to Fosker Engineering LLP customer and prospective customers Fosker Engineering LLP may use the information to notify you about important changes to the website, new services and special updates which we think you will find valuable. Fosker Engineering LLP may collect aggregate information from all website users. The aggregate data is used to customise Fosker Engineering LLP’s web content to deliver a better experience for its users and will in no way personally identify you.
Tracking information
IP address:
Fosker Engineering LLP may keep track of the pages visited by you. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when connecting to the internet so your computer can be identified. Fosker Engineering LLP may collect IP addresses for the purposes of but not limited to system administration, aggregating information and auditing the use of the website. This information does not identify you personally.
Cookies and sessions:
Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred from a website to an individual’s computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make surfing the web easier by saving your preferences and are used by most major websites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process and this information does not identify you personally. Cookies show how and when visitors use this website, identifying which areas are popular and which are not and may be used by Fosker Engineering LLP to better understand and improve the website by making it more responsive to the needs and preferences of the website users. You have the option to disallow receiving cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent at any time by re-setting your web browser. However, the Fosker Engineering LLP website may not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. Sessions are similar to cookies and are a temporary memory which store data. This data is then cleared as soon as the website user closes down the website. No personally identifiable information is collected.
Minors
Fosker Engineering LLP does not knowingly collect information from children or market its products or services to children. If you are under 13 please do not provide any personal information to us.
Disclosure
The information obtained by Fosker Engineering LLP through your use of this website will not be passed on to third parties without your consent. However, Fosker Engineering LLP reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases where Fosker Engineering LLP is required to by law or has a reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone who may be causing injury, interference or disruption to this website, Fosker Engineering LLP’s rights or property, or where anyone else may be harmed by such activities.
Links to third party and other websites
This website includes links to other websites which allow you to connect to third party websites. The links are provided as a convenient method of accessing information that may be useful or of interest to you. These links are beyond the control of Fosker Engineering LLP and Fosker Engineering LLP does not accept any responsibility for them. These sites may have their own privacy policies similar, different or otherwise than that of this site and Fosker Engineering LLP is not responsible for and does not guarantee the privacy practices or the security of other sites. Upon clicking on a link you have left this website and the privacy policy stated on this website is no longer in effect.
Sharing of personal information
Fosker Engineering LLP’s website is subject to Google Analytics Software. The Google Analytics Software (‘the Software’) is separate to Fosker Engineering LLP and operated by Google Limited. The Software produce a report which shows the number of people who have clicked on this website but does not contain any personal identifiable information. Fosker Engineering LLP does not pass on any information to third parties.
Security
Fosker Engineering LLP is committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. Fosker Engineering LLP will take reasonable precautions to ensure security of its systems. The security of data transmission over the internet cannot be 100% guaranteed and as a result, although Fosker Engineering LLP takes reasonable steps to ensure the security of its users’ personal information and maintain their privacy, Fosker Engineering LLP cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to Fosker Engineering LLP online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of such personal information.
Disclaimer
The data contained in this site is for information purposes only and is not represented to be error free. Access and use of this website and its contents is at your own risk. Fosker Engineering LLP makes no warranties express or implied, concerning the content of this site, the accuracy, completeness, reliability or suitability of this site. Visitor OptionsIf you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive.