https://www.elliottmfg.com/terms-of-use
1. You Agree to These Terms by Using this Site
Your access to, and use of, the Site is subject to the following Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. By accessing and using the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use, and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Elliott Manufacturing are superseded with respect to this subject matter. If you do not agree and accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use, please exit the Site.
2. Ownership of Content
The Site and all of its contents including, but not limited to, all text and images (“Content”) are owned and copyrighted by CentroMotion or its businesses with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted. Any Content that is a trademark, logo, or service mark is also a registered or unregistered trademark of Elliott Manufacturing or its businesses. Your use of any Content, except as provided in these Terms of Use, without the written permission of the Content owner is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Elliott Manufacturing will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
3. Your Use of the Site
Elliott Manufacturing grants you permission to use the Site as follows:
a. You may not use images of people or places on this Site without Elliott Manufacturing’s written permission.
b. You may not distribute, modify, copy, transmit, display, reuse, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, sell or otherwise use Content without Elliott Manufacturing’s written permission.
c. You are prohibited from using the Site to post or transmit any infringing, threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law – Elliott Manufacturing will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or any court order requesting or directing Elliott Manufacturing to disclose the identity of anyone posting or transmitting any such information or materials; and you are prohibited from using the Site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation.
4. Privacy
Any personal data (for example, your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be used by Elliott Manufacturing in accordance with the Site’s Privacy Policy. Any other communication or material you transmit to the Site, such as questions, comments, suggestions or the like, will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary.
5. Disclaimer of Warranties
ALL CONTENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Without limiting the foregoing, Elliott Manufacturing neither warrants nor represents that your use of any Content will not infringe the rights of any third parties nor that the Content will be accurate, complete or up-to-date. Additionally, with reference to any discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like that may be on the Site, Elliott Manufacturing assumes no responsibility or liability arising from any infringing, threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law, contained in any such locations on the Site.
6. Exclusion of Liability
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER ELLIOTT MANUFACTURING, NOR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS, NOR ANY OF ITS AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE, ARE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE OR CONTENT WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of certain damages, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
7. Links to Third Party Sites
The Site may contain links to sites owned or operated by parties other than Elliott Manufacturing. Such links are provided for your convenience only. Elliott Manufacturing does not control, and is not responsible for, the content or privacy policies on, or the security of, such sites. Without limiting the foregoing, Elliott Manufacturing specifically disclaims any responsibility if such sites:
° infringe any third party’s intellectual property rights;
° are inaccurate, incomplete or misleading;
° are not merchantable or fit for a particular purpose;
° do not provide adequate security;
° contain viruses or other items of a destructive nature; or
° are libelous or defamatory.
Neither does Elliott Manufacturing endorse the content, or any products or services available, on such sites. If you establish a link to such sites or the Site, you do so at your own risk and without the permission of Elliott Manufacturing.
8. Export Control
Software and other materials from this Site may be subject to United States Export Control. The United States Export Control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories. No software from this Site may be downloaded or exported:
into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. Elliott Manufacturing does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from this Site to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States Export Laws.
9. Revisions to the Terms
Elliott Manufacturing may at any time, and without notice, revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use.
10. Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site are governed by the laws of the State of Wisconsin, USA, without regard to its choice of law provisions. The courts of general jurisdiction located within Milwaukee County, WI, USA, will have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of, relating to or concerning these Terms of Use and/or the Site or in which these Terms of Use and/or the Site are a material fact.
Copyright 2016 Elliott Manufacturing. All rights reserved.
Markets
Aerospace
Agriculture
Commercial
Defense
Lawn & Garden
Marine
Medical
Power Gen
Products
Agriculture Products
Remote Valve Products
Flexible Shaft Products
Mechanical Control Products
company
About Us
Blog
Contact
Dealer Locator
Supplier Requirements
Terms & Conditions
contact
Elliott Manufacturing
P.O. Box 773
Binghamton, NY 13902
Phone: (607) 772-0404
Fax: (607) 772-0459
All Rights Reserved | Copyright ©2011-2016 | Elliott Manufacturing | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy