https://www.smoothieking.com/privacy-legal
Privacy Policy
Smoothie King Privacy PolicyHow We Manage and
Protect Your Data
PrivacyAll personal information is held confidential and secure. The information we learn from guests helps us personalize and continually improve your experience at SmoothieKing.com. We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future services for you, improving accessibility, and communicating with you. We will not intentionally disclose any information that you provide to us to a third party without your approval.We collect two types of information about visitors: Personal information (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) which you have voluntarily submitted to us, and Aggregate information (such as information about how many visitors log on to our sites, the pages they access, etc.).To provide you with interest based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content including guest rewards based on purchase behavior. We may also develop products and advertising based upon behaviors observed via the App. We may also use third party vendors, such as Google Analytics, Google AdWords or facebook . These third party vendors and social media sites may display Smoothie King advertisements on other websites based on your internet usage. More specifically, these vendors may use cookies to inform, optimize, and serve ads based upon a user’s past visits to the App or another site affiliated with Smoothie King products. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information that Relevant or Smoothie King collects on the App. You can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising by using Google’s Ads Settings.For questions, call us Monday-Friday, 8:00am to 5:00pm Central at 1-800-577-4200.Legal Disclaimers and Information DisclaimersAll graphics on this site are the property of Smoothie King Franchises, Inc. All graphics and images are protected under the United States and international copyright laws and treaties which provide substantial penalties for infringement. The use of any images or other materials included herein, in whole or in part, for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, storage, manipulation, digital or otherwise, is expressly prohibited without the written permission of Smoothie King Franchises, Inc.What is Copyright?The graphics, articles, and literature on this website are known as "intellectual property." Copyright law holds that created graphics are no different from other forms of property as their creation requires skill, equipment, time and money. Using these graphics, articles, or literature without written consent is considered illegal under copyright law.