https://www.drytac.com/termsandconditions/
Products search
Drytac’s unique adhesive science creates print media, protective films and bonding tapes that deliver outstanding results.
MENUMENUProducts
BY CATEGORY
Digital Print Media
Backlit Illuminated Print Media
Cast PVC Print Media
Easy Apply/Easy Remove Print Media
Eco-Friendly Print Media
High Tack Aggressive Adhesive Print Media
Magnetic Material Print Media
Monomeric PVC Print Media
Non-Adhesive Backed Print Media
Polyester Print Media
Polymeric PVC Print Media
Reflective Print Media
Static Cling Print Media
Writable Print Media
Laminating Films
0-2 Years Outdoor Laminating Films
2-5 Years Outdoor Laminating Films
5-7 Years Outdoor Laminating Films
Antimicrobial Protection Films
Heat-Activated Laminating Films
Indoor Laminating Films
Laminating Films
Laminating Films for UV Prints
Pressure-Sensitive Laminating Films
Smooth Films
Textured Films
Mounting Adhesives
Carrier-Free Mounting Adhesives
Heat-Activated Mounting Adhesives
Optically Clear Mounting Adhesives
Permanent Mounting Adhesives
Pressure Sensitive Mounting Adhesives
Removable / Reversible Mounting Adhesives
Tissue Adhesives
Translucent Mounting Adhesives
White Mounting Adhesives
Window Adhesives
Portable Display Systems
Banner Stand Print Media
BannerBug
Retractable Deluxe
Retractable Plus
Tools & Accessories
Hot Press Vacuum Presses
Release Paper
Small Format Laminating Machines
Protective Films
Antimicrobial Protection Films
BY MARKET
Architectural & Interior Design
Wall Coverings
Window Films
Writable Films
Art, Photo & Framing
Laminating Films
Mounting Adhesives
Dry Mount Tissues
Release Paper
Vacuum Presses and Laminating Machines
Accessories and Tools
Education
Chalk Board Print Media
White Board Print Media
Dry Erase Laminate
Antimicrobial Protection Films
Retail
Window Media
Wall Media
Floor Media
Outdoor Media
Counter Top Mat
Sign & Display
Print Media
Specialty Print Media
Non-Adhesive Backed Print Media
Magnetic Material
Laminating Films
Mounting Adhesives
Tools, Accessories and Equipment
Banner Stands
BY PRINT TECHNOLOGY
Print Technology
(Eco) Solvent
Latex
UV
HP PageWide XL
Aqueous
Top Products
FloorTac Emerytex White RB one-step monomeric floor graphic media
Polar Street FX outdoor aluminium floor and wall material
FloorTac Textures one-step polymeric floor graphic media
SpotOn SynTac polypropylene wall and floor graphic media
BY APPLICATION
WINDOWS
Transparent Print Media
Translucent Print Media
Opaque Print Media
Temporary Window Films
Permanent / Semi-Permanent Window Films
Transparent Mounting Adhesive for Windows
Transparent Mounting Adhesives for Clear Acrylic
Light Box
WALLS
Temporary /Removable Print Media
Long Term Print Media
Outdoor Wall Print Media
Architectural Graphics
Interior Decoration
Exhibition Graphics
Textured Print Media
Laminating Films
Whiteboard Media and Overlaminates
Chalkboard Media
Magnetic Media
Fine Art + Photo
Easy to Apply Media
FLOORS
Floor Graphics Print Media
Floor Graphics Laminating Films
OUTDOORS
Vehicle Applications
Anti-Graffiti Laminating Films
Outdoor Signs
Outdoor Laminating Films
Brick Applications
EVERYTHING IN BETWEEN
Bubble Free
Easy to Apply/Easy to Remove
Non-Adhesive Backed Print Media
Ice Rink Board Advertising
Counter Mat
Photo Framing and Plaquing
Write On/Wipe Off
Antimicrobial Protection Films
Custom Solutions
OverviewApplications & IndustriesCapabilitiesFeatured Products
Resources
Product ResourcesSustainability PolicyVideosICC ProfilesDrytac Academy
News & Events
Case StudiesPress ReleasesProduct NewsTrade Shows + EventsTestimonialsBlog
Our Company
Our CompanyOur ClientsIndustry PartnersOur LocationsCareersNeed An Account?Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Limited Warranty & Liability
All statements, technical information and recommendations made by Drytac and its employees, agents, affiliates, and subsidiaries are based on our research and are believed to be accurate, but do not constitute a guarantee or warranty. All Drytac products are sold with the understanding that the Purchaser has independently determined the suitability of such product for their particular purpose under their own operating conditions. (Note: All specifications are subject to change without notice). The Purchaser assumes all risk and liability whatsoever in connection with their use of any Drytac product. The products in this price list are sold without any warranty as to merchantability or fitness for a particular use or any other warranty expressed or implied. No Drytac employee or representative has any authority to waive or change the foregoing provisions, and no statement or recommendation not contained herein shall have any force or effect unless made in writing and signed by an officer of Drytac. The following is made in lieu of all warranties, expressed or implied. Drytac’s only obligation shall be to replace or credit such quantity of the product proven to be defective at its discretion. In no event shall Drytac be responsible for any incidental or consequential damages whether foreseeable or not caused by defects in such product and whether or not such damage is caused by Drytac’s negligence.
Acceptance of Terms
By continuing to browse and use this website you therefore commit to endorse with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy commands Drytac’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you object to any of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement you should not use any of the products or services on the website and leave immediately.
You agree that you shall not use the website for illegal purposes, and will respect all applicable laws and regulations. You acknowledge prohibition of use of this website in any potentially harmful way with relation to its performance content or functionality. You agree not to compromise the security of the website or attempt to gain access to secured areas or sensitive information.
You agree to be fully responsible for any claim, expense, liability, losses, costs including legal fees incurred by us arising from any infringement of the terms and conditions set out in this agreement.
Modification
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Limitation of Liability
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, competence, conduct, completeness or capability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Copyright
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions. All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website. Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
Third Parties
This website may also display links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to offer further information. This does not express endorsement for the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Drytac’s prior written consent.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to United States law.
Disclaimers
We do not guarantee uninterrupted availability of the www.drytac.com website and cannot provide any representation that using the website will be error free.
Drytac is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any personal details required for identification purposes will remain secure and confidential. We have suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures in place to safeguard and secure information we collect online.
Complaints
Drytac endeavors to resolve any issue as quickly and effectively as possible. Complaints remain confidential.
Information Gathered
Any information we gather will be used to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, improve our products and services and select relevant promotional mailings about new products, special offers or other information we think you may find interesting, using the email address you have provided.
Cookies
Cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. Cookies are small files sent by our web server to your computer which we can access when you make return visits to our website. Sending cookies is normal practice for any website that needs to remember what its users’ preferences are and keep track of choices on any orders placed through our website. Most web browsers can be modified to decline cookies, however you may not be able to place orders or take full advantage of our website if cookies are disabled.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites which are not governed by this privacy statement. You should view the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us or emailing us at unsubscribe@drytac.com. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will correct any information found to be incorrect.
In the terms and conditions defined above the following terms have the following meanings:
Customer – the person who accepts a quotation of Drytac for the sale of Goods or whose order for Goods is accepted by Drytac.
Drytac – Drytac Corporation, 5401-B Eubank Rd., Sandston, Virginia 23150.
Goods – the laminating and/or pressing equipment and/or any other products which Drytac is to supply in accordance with these conditions.
Terms & Conditions – USA Products
Subscribe to newsletter
Recent News
Drytac launches new PVC-free floor and wall graphics media globally
Warwick Printing chooses ‘go-to’ product Drytac ReTac for tricky mural
Drytac’s Shaun Holdom appointed to ISA-UK council
Drytac joins UK Slip Resistance Group in move to broaden membership
Don’t stand still: floor graphics certifications explained
Get a quote An duo lorem altera gloriatur. No imperdiet adver sarium pro. No sit sumo lorem. Mei ea eius elitr consequ unturimperdiet.
Get Quote
1