https://www.mathewsinc.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note
The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
How we use Cookies
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit some websites. We use cookies to help identify your computer so we can tailor your user experience, track shopping basket contents and remember where you are in the order process. You can disable any cookies already stored on your computer, but these may stop our website from functioning properly.
The following is strictly necessary in the operation of our website.
This Website Will:
– Remember what is in your shopping basket
– Remember where you are in the order process
– Remember that you are logged in and that your session is secure. You need to be logged in to complete an order.
The following are not strictly necessary, but are required to provide you with the best user experience and also to tell us which pages you find most interesting (anonymously).
Functional Cookies
This Website Will:
– Collect Data for marketing/retargeting via Adroll
To view the ‘Adroll’ Privacy Policy or to opt out of any online behavioural advertising, please visit this page.
– Track the pages you visit via Google Analytics
To manage the data Google collects or to opt out of any online behavioural advertising, please visit this page.
– Track the pages you visit via Facebook
To view the ‘Facebook’ Privacy Policy or to opt out of any online behavioural advertising, please visit this page.
This Website Will:
– Allow you to share pages with social networks such as Facebook
This Website Will Not:
Share any personal information with third parties.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request, along with the other activities listed below. You may opt out of any email marketing communications by using the links provided at the bottom of each email communication, visiting our email registration page on the website, or contacting customer service. All other forms of direct marketing can be opted out by contacting customer service.
What We Do With the Information We Gather:
– We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
– Internal record keeping.
– We may use the information to improve our products and services.
– We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
– From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
– We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
– We may provide your information to approved third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
– We will never sell your information.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other entities to assist us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided in any way, shape or form to these entities for marketing purposes.
No confidential information will be sold, disclosed or otherwise distributed to any party for any purposes other than (1) fraud protection/prevention (2) when required by law (3) in securing and completing your transactions.
Customer Rights
Each customer has the right to request a copy of all personal data stored on our online store. To request this data, simply visit the “My Account” dropdown link in the menu, and scroll down and click on the “Download My Personal Info” link. Alternatively, you can contact customer service to request a report, which will be provided within 5 business days.
Customers also have the right to be forgotten, meaning to have their data removed from the online store. To remove your data, simply visit the “My Account” dropdown link in the menu, and scroll down and click on the “Delete My Personal Info” link. Alternatively, you can contact customer service to request that they delete it. This will be done within 5 business days.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
Privacy Contact Information
We value your online privacy. If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy, or you would like to review, edit, or delete personal information, you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: customersupport@mathewsinc.com
By Phone : (608) 269.2728
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Get Connected
Email
Signup
Bows
BackBows Hunting
BackHunting V3™27
V3™31
Atlas™
Prima™
VXR™28
VXR™31.5
Tactic™
Stoke®
Monster® Safari
Competition Bows
BackCompetition Bows TRX® 34
TRX® 38 G2
TRX® 40
TRX® 36
Conquest® 4
Bow Builder
Gear
BackGear Accessories
Logo Wear
Branded Goods
Zebra Strings
Explore
BackExplore Proving Ground
Who We Are
Experience
Pro Staff
Find A Retailer
My Account
Cart
Support