https://www.wearwell.com/privacy-policy
The store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.
Home
Privacy Policy
Wearwell, LLC. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) is being used. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. PII, as used in the EU, is information that can be used to identify a particular individual, either alone or in combination with other information. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our Website.
If you do not agree with this policy, your choice is not to use our Website. Even if you choose not to use our Website, you may still contact us by other means to inquire about or purchase our products, or to make other inquiries. By accessing this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time, and your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number, Company Website or other details to help you with your experience. Our contact information appears at the end of this website. Your personal information is provided to Google Analytics, Acton, Salesforce, and Facebook. We use Google Analytics to collect your personal information, and it is stored with Google in the United States. Facebook uses your personal information for the purpose of re-target marketing. The following are links to companies that have access to your personal information: Google Analytics, Acton, Salesforce, and FacebookYou may access, correct and change the disclosure of your personal information as set out below in the Section entitled “Accessing and Correcting Your Information.” You may also change with whom your personal data is shared for direct marketing purposes, as set out in the Section entitled “Do we use ‘cookies’?”
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, create an account, or enter information on our Website. Personal information provided to us through the Website may be accessed, shared or processed at any of our offices. You must voluntarily submit personal data for it to be collected on our Website.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the Website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To process orders placed, including processing payment and delivery.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
For other legally permissible purposes, including those set out above with regard to Section above entitled “What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?”
We do not use your personal information for profiling.
How do we protect visitor information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate.
We use Salesforce, where information is encrypted according to their privacy policy.
We use Act-on, where information is encrypted according to their privacy policy.
We use Google, where information is encrypted according to their privacy policy.
We use Facebook, where information is encrypted according to their privacy policy.
We have implemented measures intended to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, neither these measures, nor the transmission of information through the internet or cellular networks is completely secure and cannot be made completely secure. We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information, including personal data, that you transmit to us via the internet or cellular networks. Any such transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Do we use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
We use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled. It won't affect the user’s experience that makes your site experience more efficient, but some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users and any other information that does not identify a particular individual, without restriction.
We will only disclose personal information that we collect from you pursuant to this privacy policy as follows:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets in which personal information held by the Company is among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any US court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any US government or regulatory request.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Targeted Advertising. You may choose not to receive our general announcements, updates, newsletters or similar materials. To do so, please opt-out by filling out our privacy submission form, or using the opt-out link at the bottom of each mailing.
Service Providers. You may not opt out of having your information provided to our contracted service providers, unless you also opt-out of receiving the service for which that service provider is engaged.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
If you believe we have any of your personal information recorded incorrectly; if you want to see a copy of the information that we have on file for you; or, if you want us to delete the information we have on file for you, you can make those requests by filling out our privacy submission form.
If you request a copy of the information we have on file for you, we will email you a redacted copy of the information to the email address that we have on file for you (not to the address from which you request the information, if that address is different from the address we have on file for you). You also have a right to data portability, and you may contact us at the information set out at the end of this webpage.
If you request changes to the information we have on file for you, we will make the changes and email a confirmation to the last email address we have on file for you.
If you request that we delete or erase your information from our records, we will do so, unless we reasonably believe the change or deletion would violate any law or legal requirement; is contrary to any agreement between the Company and you; would prevent the delivery or payment of products ordered; or causes the information to be incorrect. Upon such deletion or erasure, we will send an email confirming such erasure or deletion to the last email we have on file for you (not the address from which you request the information, if that address is different from the address we have on file for you). If we do not have a current email address on file for you, the confirmation will be sent to the last known email address.
Please note that deleting your information from our Website database will not erase your information from our billing/order database, and contact information you have provided in conjunction with placing orders, making payments, and the like will be maintained in accordance with our policies for maintaining customer information and retained as pursuant to applicable laws. We maintain your personal information for the period of time that it is needed to fulfill the purposes of you providing your personal information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word “Privacy”, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
Phone: 1-800-264-3030
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third party tracking. See Sections above entitled “What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?” and “Do we use ‘cookies’?”
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13 years of age. Our Website it not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by filling out our privacy submission form.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should we determine that a data breach has occurred, and consistent with applicable law:
We will notify the users via email
• Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in site notification
• Within 1 business day
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us by following the instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence, if so requested.
Or use our Privacy Submission Form.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Wearwell, Inc.North America Headquarters199 Threet Industrial RoadSmyrna, Tennessee 37167Toll-free number: 888-451-8929Email address: info@wearwell.com
It is our practice to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page and place a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised was on 2019-03-01. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy for any changes.