https://www.test-meter.co.uk/terms-conditions/
About Us
Calibration
A-Z Brands
Blog
Contact Us
See us on FacebookFollow us on Twitter
£ Currency
£
€
$
Test Meter
Test Meter & Test Equipment Experts
Trustpilot
0113 248 9966
Go
0 items £0.00
Basket
Checkout >
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Sign In
Register
Browse
Account
Call us
Basket
Search
Go
Electrical
Installation Testers
Multifunction Testers
Earth Testers
Insulation Testers
Loop Testers
Phase Rotation Testers
RCD Testers
PAT Testing Equipment
PAT Testers
PAT Testing Kits
Seaward PAT Tester Kits
Kewtech PAT Testing Kits
Martindale PAT Tester Kits
Megger PAT Tester Kits
Metrel PAT Tester Kits
PAT Printers and Scanners
PAT Testing Adaptors & Test Leads
PAT Labels
PAT Software & Accessories
PAT Training Courses
Calibration Checkboxes
Clamp Meters
AC/DC Clamp Meters
Clamp Adaptors
Earth Leakage Clamps
Cable & Network Testers
Data Cable Testers
Network Testers
Time Domain Reflectometers (TDR)
Cable & Network Testing Accessories
Digital Multimeters
Electrical Safety & Flash Testing
Electrical Safety & Machinery Testers
Flash & Hipot Testers
Electrical Safety & Flash Testing Accessories
Electrical Testing Kits
Fuse Finders & Cable Locators
Power Quality Analysers
Socket Testers
Solar PV Test Equipment
Solar PV Testers & I-V Curve Tracers
Solar Kits & Irradiance Meters
Solar Tools and Accessories
Test Leads and Accessories
Test Leads
Electrical Testing Accessories
Books and Publications
Carry Cases
Electrical Test Certification & Software
Tools
Voltage Detection & Safe Isolation
Voltage Testers
Proving Units
Voltage Tester & Proving Unit Kits
Lockout Tagout
Safe Isolation Training
Thermal Imaging
Thermal Imaging Cameras
Wildlife Thermal Cameras
Thermal Camera Lenses
Accessories & Software
Ex-Demo Thermal Cameras
ITC Thermal Training Courses
HV, Utility & Industrial
AC High Voltage Test Systems
Battery Testing Equipment
Cable Tracing and Fault Location
Cable Avoidance Tools & Signal Generators
DC Cable Test Sets
Cable Avoidance Tool Accessories
Circuit Breaker and Relay Test Sets
HV Detection & Live Line Indicators
HV Potential Indicators & Kits
Proving Units & Accessories
>5kV HV Insulation Testers
Micro Ohmmeters - Ductors
Process & Industrial
Process Calibrators
Intrinsically Safe (ATEX)
Industrial Pressure Gauges
Vibration Analysers
Thickness Gauges
Force Gauges & Torque
Tachometers
Transformer & Insulating Oil Testers
HV Test Leads and Accessories
Gas, HVAC & Building
Flue Gas Analysers & Kits
Anemometers & Airflow Meters
CO Carbon Monoxide Meters
Digital Refrigerant Manifold Gauges
Gas Leak Detectors
Inspection Camera / Borescopes
Laser Distance Meters
Manometers & Pressure Gauges
Moisture Meters & Kits
Gas, HVAC & Building Accessories
Environmental & Temperature
Temperature Measurement
Digital Thermometers
Temperature and Humidity Dataloggers
Infrared Thermometers
Catering & Food Thermometers
Thermocouples & Probes
CO2 Air Quality Meters
EMF Meters
Hygrometers & Humidity Meters
Light / Lux Meters
Microwave Leakage Detectors
Multifunction Environmental Meters
Sound Level Meters
Water Quality & pH Meters
Hire
Thermal Imaging Camera Hire
PAT Tester Hire
18th Edition Electrical Installation Tester Hire
Power Quality Analyser Hire
High Voltage Test Equipment Hire
Flue Gas Analyser Hire
Solar PV Test Equipment Hire
mA Loop Calibrators Hire
Fever Screening Instrument Hire
Fever Screening
NHS & School Discounts Available:
Please call for more information.
Home
>
Terms and Conditions
Account Links
Home
Log In
Delivery Information
Returns
Purchase Orders
Useful Links
Test Meter Blog
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Careers
Links
Site Map
Services
PAT Training Courses
Calibration
Worldwide Export
Thermal Camera Hire
PAT Tester Hire
Multifunction Tester Hire
Account Links
Account Links
Home
Log In
Delivery Information
Returns
Purchase Orders
Useful Links
Useful Links
Test Meter Blog
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Careers
Links
Site Map
Services
Services
PAT Training Courses
Calibration
Worldwide Export
Thermal Camera Hire
PAT Tester Hire
Multifunction Tester Hire
Terms and Conditions
By ordering from us (including all sales, hire, training, calibration or repair), you agree you've read, accepted and are bound by the following terms and conditions:
General Terms and Conditions
"Purchaser" means the person who buys or agrees to buy the Products or Services from the Seller.
"Seller" means Test Meter Group Limited who are trading on this web site as test-meter.co.uk
"Hirer" means the person who hires or agrees to hire Products from the Seller.
"Company" means Test Meter Group Limited who are trading on this web site as test-meter.co.uk
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of sale set out in this document and any special terms and conditions agreed in writing by the Seller.
"Delivery date" means the date specified by the Seller when the Products or Services are to be delivered.
"Products" means those goods specified. "Services" means those services specified.
"Price" means the price for the Products or Services excluding carriage, insurance, VAT and if appropriate any export duties or taxes.
"Manufacturers Calibration" Where offered is issued at the time of manufacture by the manufacturer and is valid from the date the equipment is commissioned into use. We offer an option of having the unit calibrated on the day of purchase for those who require it, and as such is charged at the advertised rate.
As part of our service, we may when appropriate contact customers with a calibration reminder (usually around 11 months after purchase). Annual calibration is widely recommended to ensure the accuracy of most test equipment and this reminder service is provided free of charge.
Free gift(s) only valid when purchased with specified related products.
We keep our Terms and Conditions under regular review. These policies were last updated on 25 March 2020.
The headings in these Conditions are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.
Returns Policy
Test Meter Group prioritises above anything else that our customers are fully satisfied with our service and the goods purchased. In the event where a return is requested please contact us within 28 calendar days of receipt for a refund. All returned goods apart from hired equipment, must be received back at Test Meter Group Limited's address within 30 days. All products returned must include all original items undamaged, in re-saleable condition, all original packaging including manuals, warranty forms, boxes, product sleeves etc. Software, book and DVD sales are not refundable once opened. Shipping and handling fees are not refundable. The Purchaser or Hirer is responsible for all shipping costs incurred shipping products back to Test Meter Group Limited. If products are supplied with a promotional free gift, the free item must also be returned (in a resalable condition) to receive a full refund. Should the free gift not be returned, the advertised retail value of the free gift will be deducted from the refund. We strongly recommend you use a recorded/insured delivery service as we regret that we cannot be held responsible for goods lost in transit. We comply with UK regulations more information can be found in The Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 which can be found at www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm/
Incorrect or Damaged Goods
In the unlikely event that you receive physically damaged goods or items are missing from your order Test Meter Group Ltd. must be notified within 24 hours or before the end of the next working day. If you have received incorrect goods Test Meter Group Ltd. must be notified within 14 calendar days to rectify this. In an event where you receive incorrect goods, please retain all original packaging for us to swap the goods for you. All items sent out are packaged up thoroughly to ensure safe transit and we only use highly credible courier companies. Test Meter Group Ltd. do strongly recommend that you thoroughly check your goods upon receipt and in the case of any discrepancies contact us within the aforementioned time period.
Orders
Placing an order does not constitute our acceptance of the order. Acceptance is only granted when the order has been confirmed (by email or in writing) by us and the goods have been delivered. We reserve the right to decline acceptance of any order.
Currency and Prices
All Prices quoted on this web site are in UK Pounds Sterling: GBP. Our standard carriage charges are to UK mainland addresses although some products are offered with free carriage to UK mainland only.  All Prices quoted by the Seller are ex-works and the Purchaser or Hirer shall in addition pay all charges for insurance, VAT and if appropriate any export duties or taxes and if the items are large or heavy additional charges for export. Please contact us for an export pricing quote.
Overseas customers with a valid VAT Number are required to register an account with us before they can be considered tax exempt.
Payment
For all late payment of monies not received within the agreed payment terms, Test Meter Group Limited shall be entitled to make a legal claim to recover monies due plus a 8% surcharge of the amount outstanding and the Purchaser will also be liable for all debt collection charges, interest, court costs, legal fees costs and statutory compensation as laid down in the Late Payment of Commercial Debts Regulations 2018.
Title
The title to any software or hire equipment supplied by the Seller will not pass to you. Title to other Products supplied by the Seller will not pass to you until all monies due under the contract are received by the Seller.
Although a binding agreement for the sale of goods is formed when an order (whether written or verbal) is received by the Seller and the Seller, may at their discretion, dispatch an acknowledgement of the order together with the terms and conditions, the title in the goods shall remain with the Seller and shall not pass to the Purchaser until the amount due under the invoice from Test Meter Group Limited (including interest and costs) has been paid in full.
Until title passes the Purchaser shall hold the goods as bailee for the Seller and shall store or mark them (without causing damage) so that they can at all times be identified as the property of the Seller.
The Seller may at any time before title passes and without liability to the Purchaser, and to which the Purchaser hereby gives its irrevocable authority to the Seller and its agent to:- Repossess and dismantle whether tangible or intangible and use or sell any of the goods and by doing so terminate the Purchaser's rights to use, sell or otherwise deal in them and, (for that purpose of determining what if any goods are held by the Purchaser and inspecting them) enter the premises of or occupied by the Purchaser.
The Purchaser is licensed by the Seller to agree to sell on the Seller's goods save that no title in the goods shall pass on the sub-sale unless and until payment is made for these goods and subject to the express condition that the entire proceeds thereof are held in trust for the Seller and not mingled with other monies or paid into any overdrawn bank account and at all times be identifiable as the Sellers monies.
The Seller may maintain an action for the price of any goods notwithstanding the title in them has not passed to the Purchaser.
Liability
Test Meter Group Limited warrants to the Purchaser that any new goods which prove to be defective in workmanship or material, and which are returned to the Test Meter Group Limited within 1 year from the date of the original shipment, will be repaired or replaced without charge subject to:
The goods being supplied by Test Meter Group Limited.
The defect being proven to the satisfaction of the Test Meter Group Limited and or the manufacturer.
No liability is accepted by the Test Meter Group Limited for any labour charges incurred in replacing parts or complete equipment under guarantee.
Save as aforesaid, no liability is accepted by the Test Meter Group Limited for any loss, damage, injury or destruction suffered by the Purchaser or Hirer, or any other person arising from the purchase, hire, storage, handling, use, resale or sub hire of goods purchased or hired from the Seller. The Seller's total liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation or otherwise, shall be limited to the Price of the Products or Services. Under no circumstances will liability extend to paying the Purchaser or Hirer damages for consequential losses. Second user/Second hand goods have a one month warranty maximum, a full refund will be given for these type of goods within this 1 month warranty period.
Guarantee
Test Meter Group Limited and the manufacturers of the products we supply, reserve the right to change specification or design of any products and the price of products or services without prior notice. We also reserve the right to cancel, alter the format, venue and timing of training courses. This includes all items mentioned on this web site, or in any correspondence. All goods are offered subject to being unsold. Please note the actual colour of some items may be different from the images on this web site.
Delivery
COVID-19 UPDATE: Although we will always strive to give accurate lead times, due to the current pandemic we cannot guarantee any timeframe given. As the global situation develops, there may be impacts on processing and delivery times. As such Test Meter Group Limited are not liable for delays in supplying any goods or orders.
Delivery will be made to the place designated by you on your accepted order and will normally be made during normal business hours: 0900 to 1730 hours GMT. Any delivery dates or times given by the Seller or our carriers are best estimates only and we will not be liable to you for any claim for loss or damage sustained by you as a result of a failure to comply with our estimated time scales. Under no circumstances will late delivery entitle the Purchaser or Hirer to treat the contract as repudiated. Delivery of products to the carrier shall constitute delivery thereof to the Purchaser or Hirer, and thereafter such products shall be at the Purchaser's or Hirers risk. Any claims for damages or shortages occurring after such delivery should be directed by the Purchaser or Hirer to the carrier.
All DPD deliveries will be to the delivery address on the order (unless the delivery is altered in any way by the customer direct with DPD).
Deliveries "signed for" by any person at the delivery address on the order constitutes a successful delivery. Should you specifically require the named person on the order to sign for the delivery you must notify us of their mobile telephone number when placing the order. The named person will receive a text from DPD with an hour time slot of delivery, they must be at the delivery location to sign for the order. Should the named person not be there anyone at the delivery address can sign for the order and it then constitutes a successful "signed for" delivery.
For smaller packages we use the Royal Mail 48-Hour Delivery Service. We assume that goods delivered by Royal Mail have been delivered successfully unless we are notified within 14 days of the date that the e-mail confirmation of shipping is sent to the customer. Please note that we will not replace or refund the costs of any goods if the customer fails to notify us of failed delivery within 14 days of receiving the shipping confirmation e-mail.
Please note: Royal Mail have a policy of leaving packages with a neighbour and leaving a card to notify you of the alternative address. For most people this should act as a convenience, however if you would like to "opt out" of alternative delivery addresses to stop packages falling into the hands of non-cooperative neighbours you can display a sticker on / near your postbox.
PLEASE NOTE: Test Meter Group Ltd, will not be liable to replace goods if they are delivered to neighbours addresses. Unless photographic evidence can be provided within 24 hours to prove that you have "opted out" of the scheme.
Missing Items
Please check your invoice or delivery note to see if the missing items are showing as "Goods outstanding". If shown as "Dispatched" then please contact us within 24 hours (excluding weekends and bank holidays) so we can rectify the problem swiftly. Test-Meter.co.uk strongly recommend that you thoroughly check your goods upon receipt and in the case of any discrepancies contact us within the aforementioned time period.
Damaged / Faulty Items
In very rare circumstances you may receive an item that is damaged in transit or faulty, if this happens please contact us immediately so we can arrange a collection and replacement.
Late Deliveries
Please note we will not be held liable for any loss of earnings or damage sustained as a result of a late delivery. We will however endeavour to do our best to ensure that the goods leave us in time using the appropriate service to meet your delivery date or get in touch with you ASAP if an issue arises.
Collection or Delivery of Customers Property
In instances where Test Meter Group Ltd have arranged delivery or collection using our courier partner, Test Meter Group Ltd cannot offer compensation for goods lost by our courier before the goods are declared as “lost” by the courier. In such an instance Test Meter Group Ltd. will raise a case with the courier who will carry out a search for the missing parcel internally. Once completed Test Meter Group Ltd will only offer compensation in form of a product replacement which will be either the same product or its closest current equivalent in cases where the lost goods cannot be located. Our courier partner class a parcel as “lost” six working days after the date they are first notified. If the “lost” package is subsequently located after the six working day time period has elapsed, Test Meter Group Ltd retain the right to exchange any products they have supplied to the customer with the original items which were lost.
When Test Meter Group Ltd. are requested to arrange collection using their appointed courier, Test Meter Group Ltd. regrets to inform that it cannot be held liable for items that are damaged or lost by the courier as a result of insufficient or inadequate packaging. In the event where an item is damaged or lost Test Meter Group Ltd. reserves the right to query how the item was packaged and may request photographic evidence as part of such investigation. Test Meter Group Ltd. are happy to offer advice on packaging of your item based on size and weight. Please to do not hesitate to contact our staff for advice.
Any collection service provided by Test Meter Group Ltd. is insured up to a maximum value of £1000.
Shipping to Overseas Countries
When ordering goods from Test Meter Group Ltd (T/A test-meter.co.uk)for delivery outside of the UK, you may be subject to import duties, taxes and brokerage fees, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you, including any brokerage fees. We have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information before placing an order. Additionally, please note that when ordering from Test Meter Group Ltd, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the goods. Your privacy is important to us and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. We would like our international customers and customers dispatching products internationally to be aware that cross-border deliveries may be subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities over which we have no control. In the event where a product develops a fault that is covered by manufacturer’s warranty but cannot be carried out locally under warranty, it will be at the customers cost to ship the faulty product back to Test Meter Group Ltd (T/A test-meter.co.uk) in the UK. The correct importation documentation for Customs Inward Processing Relief must also accompany the goods. Upon completion of the repair the customer will also be responsible for arranging and paying for the return shipping of the goods.
Commercial Invoices and Declared Values.
All international shipments will be accompanied by a commercial invoice. The values on the commercial invoice will be set to exactly what was paid for the product. We cannot lower the declared value or mark the package as anything but a commercially purchased item.
Hired Equipment
By hiring equipment from Test Meter Group Ltd you agree you've read, accepted & are bound the following terms and conditions:
All hire equipment is supplied in accordance with our General Terms and Conditions and with the following additions to those terms & conditions. Some of these are for your guidance & information but they also show the hirers responsibilities.
All hire equipment will be supplied with copies of our Master Calibration Certificates which are retained at our premises.
Collection & Delivery:
Initial delivery to UK mainland destinations is £10.00 + VAT for a standard anytime next day delivery. Goods required before a set time will be charged at £20.00 + VAT, hirers should inform Test Meter Group Limited if an earlier delivery is required.
Collection of the hired unit from a UK mainland address can be arranged at a cost of £10.00 + VAT. If we are to arrange collection by our carrier, the equipment must be made available to our carrier. If equipment is not ready to collect for whatever reason, Test Meter Group Limited reserve the right to charge for any attempted collections at £10.00 + VAT per failed collection. Should collection of the hired unit not have been arranged at the time of hire the hirer is responsible for returning hired equipment within 2 working days of the end hire date at the hirers cost. In all cases the hire equipment must be well packed for transit.
Hire Period & Charges: Test Meter Group Limited, the owners will hire the equipment described for the rates and period agreed. Test Meter Group can terminate the hire agreement at any time.
The hire period commences on the date on the invoice and continues until the equipment is received at our office in Leeds. The hired goods will be inspected as soon as is reasonably practicable after the hire, any missing items will be charged at manufacturer's recommended retail price.
The minimum hire period for PAT testers, 17th edition testers & power quality analysers shall be one whole week (seven consecutive days), Saturday, Sunday or any bank holiday that falls within the hire period are included as part of the hire period)
The minimum hire period for thermal imaging cameras, shall be three days. Saturday, Sunday or any bank holiday that falls within the hire period are included as part of the hire period
The hirer may not extend the agreed hire period unless prior notice, either verbal or by email is given to Test Meter Group Limited and a hire extension is agreed.
Should notice not be given to Test Meter Group Limited any unauthorised extended hire period will be charged in complete weeks until the hired equipment is returned to our premises. Any period less than one week will be treated as full week for invoicing purposes.
The weekly hire charge for hire equipment will be at the rates published on the companies' web sites: www.pat-training.co.uk, www.test-meter.co.uk, www.thermal-camera.co.uk, www.pat-testers.co.uk.
By giving us credit/debit card details for the hire you agree that Test Meter Group Limited can recover any extended, outstanding, overdue hire charges or failed collections without further notice to the hirer.
Hirer Responsibilities, Risk Ownership And Insurance:
Risk in the hired goods will pass immediately to the customer on receipt of the hired goods.
Risk in the hired goods will not pass back to Test Meter Group Ltd from the customer until the hire goods are collected by our nominated courier or delivered in person back to Test Meter Group Ltd.  This shall apply even if Test Meter Group Ltd have agreed to cease charging the hire.
Ownership of the hire goods remains at all times with Test Meter Group Ltd. The customer has no right, title or interest in the hire goods except that they are hired to the customer.
The customer must not deal with the ownership or any interest in the hire goods. This includes but is not limited to selling, assigning, mortgaging, pledging, charging, securing, hiring, withholding, exerting any right to withhold, disposing of and/or lending.
The customer should have adequate insurance in place to cover for the loss, theft or damage of the hired goods and any proceeds of any such insurance shall be paid to Test Meter Group Ltd on demand.
The customer must notify Test Meter Group Limited immediately in the event of any loss, damage or theft to the hire equipment however caused.
In the event of theft, the hirer must inform Test Meter Group Ltd & the police within 24 hours and the crime reference number obtained from the police must be to provided to Test Meter Group Ltd. The weekly hire rate will continue to be charged until Test Meter Group Ltd receive the full replacement value of the hired unit including all accessories & flight case.
In the event of loss, the hirer must inform Test Meter Group Ltd within 24 hours. The weekly hire rate will continue to be charged until Test Meter Group Ltd receive the full replacement value of the hired unit including all accessories & flight case.
If the hire unit is damaged, the hirer will be responsible for paying Test Meter Group Limited the reasonable costs for repairs including labour and calibration charges for any damaged equipment. The weekly hire rate will continue to be charged until the unit is returned repaired & calibrated from the manufacture and is subsequently available again for Test Meter Group Ltd to re-hire.
Notify Test Meter Group Limited immediately if the hired equipment is found to be damaged on receipt, is missing any of the items on the "Accessories check list" or becomes faulty during use. Test Meter Group Limited will try to offer a replacement with the minimum possible delay.Keep the equipment safe from damage, use it in a proper manner and not subject it to any misuse or unfair wear and tear.
Observe all of the manufacturer's instructions, user guides, operating instructions, warnings, safety notices and other regulations that may be issued for the proper use of thereof and shall be entirely responsible for any damage caused to the said equipment through failure to observe such instructions, user guides, operating instructions, warnings, safety notices or regulations.
Notify Test Meter Group Limited in the event of any loss, damage or theft to the hire equipment however caused. If the unit is damaged, the hirer will be responsible for paying Test Meter Group Limited the reasonable costs for repairs including labour and calibration charges for any damaged equipment. The weekly hire rate will also be charged until the unit is returned repaired & calibrated from the manufacture and is subsequently available again for Test Meter Group Limited to hire out again.
Preserve all of manufacturers' identification labels including serial numbers and any other labels and markings including Calibration labels fixed to the equipment.
Liability:
The hirer will not hold Test Meter Group Limited or the owner responsible for any loss, damage or injury (including death) to property or persons with regard to use of any equipment hired.
The hirer will not hold Test Meter Group Limited or the owner liable for any hirer data, results or images stored on any hired unit that becomes lost, corrupt, damaged or non-accessible due to whatever reason.
If the hirer defaults on any of the hire payments, Test Meter Group Limited are entitled to recover the said equipment without prior notice being given to the hirer.
Purchaser or Hirer Conditions of Purchase
In the event of any conflict, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail over the conditions set out in either of the Purchaser's or Hirer enquiries and orders.
Calibration and Repair Services
We aim to provide a quality calibration and repair service, but we also require a customer payment for these services prior to despatch or collection. Once we have notified you of the price to be paid we expect payment as soon as possible. If no payment has been made to us or the goods remain uncollected after 10 weeks of them being ready for collection, then we are entitled to sell the goods and give you the proceeds, but we are entitled to keep any money owed to us including repair costs, calibration costs, advertising and storage costs. Our storage costs are FREE for the first 10 weeks and after that period, for 1 to 5 test instruments are £5 + VAT per week or for 6 to 100 test instruments are £10 + VAT per week.
Force Majeure
The Seller shall not be liable to the Purchaser or hirer in any way, or deemed to be in breach of this Contract because of any delay in performing or any failure to perform any of the Sellers obligations under this Contract if the delay or failure was due to any cause beyond the Sellers reasonable control.
Refund Policy for Training Courses including Cancellation and Substitutions
Test Meter Group Limited accepts firm course bookings by post, fax, e-mail and through the Test Meter Group Limited web site - in making such bookings clients accept this refunds, cancellations and substitutions policy. All fees are payable in full prior to the date of the Training Course. Places on Test Meter Group Limited Courses are strictly limited: Upon receipt of your order your place will be confirmed. Any cancellation must be received in writing 14 days prior to the Training Course. A full refund will be given only if more than 21 calendar days notice is given of a cancellation, see below for refund rates:
Over 3 weeks cancellation notice: Full refund
2-3 weeks cancellation notice: 70% refund
Less than 14 days cancellation notice: No refund
Alternatively, a substitute delegate can be named at any time before the course. There will be no extra surcharge for making a substitution.
No refund will be payable for non-attendance or if no prior notice of cancellation is given. Within 14 days, of the course start date any cancellations will not be refunded. The refund will be issued after the course.
It may be necessary for reasons beyond the control of Test Meter Group Limited to change the content and timing of the course, the date, venue or instructor. Test Meter Group Limited reserves the right to cancel a course up to and including the date of the course if insufficient bookings have been received. We will strive to give as much notice as possible in such an event. In all cases, people who had registered to attend a cancelled course will be given the option of a full refund or of rescheduling to a future course date but Test Meter Group Limited disclaim any further liability.
Although reference is made to legislation during some Training Courses and within the IET Code of Practice, this should not be considered as legal advice. In cases of doubt, the specific legislation mentioned should be consulted and legal advice obtained.
Trademarks
This web site contains trademarks belonging to Test Meter Group Limited and other companies, it also contains unregistered trademarks include logos, graphics, phrases words and icons. No rights are granted in respect of any of the registered or unregistered trademarks. If you are unsure whether an item is a trademark of Test Meter Group Limited then please contact us in writing and send your request to the Registered Office address shown on the bottom of this web page.
Governing Law
All contracts are governed by the laws of England and the English courts shall have the non-exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any disputes arising out of or under them. This web site is maintained and operated by Test Meter Group Limited from Leeds in England. Any person who accesses this web site from any location outside the United Kingdom does so at their own risk, and they are responsible for compliance with their local laws. Nothing in our terms and conditions shall in any way be deemed to affect or restrict your statutory rights under English or European Law Privacy Policy as required by the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, Test Meter Group Limited follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access and use of your information. We may track the online movements of individuals by make use of session cookies and cookies.
Cookies
To make any purchases directly from this Test Meter website (www.test-meter.co.uk) session cookies must be enabled on your computer. Session cookies are cached (stored in memory) while you are visiting the Web site and are deleted from your cache when you close your browser, they are only available during an active session, in other words, while you are on the Web site. These session cookies do not permanently record data and are not stored on your computer's hard drive. Session cookies do not give the Web site access to anything else on your system, including any private information about you. Only the Web site that placed the cookie can retrieve it. Unlike persistent cookies, which are stored on your hard drive for a length of time set by the Web site. If we did not use session cookies then purchasing products directly of this web site would be impossible. You can set your browser to detect and reject cookies. If you use Internet Explorer as a browser:
Choose the Tools menu entry, then Internet Options
Select the Privacy tab, then click Advanced button.
Choose how you'd like to handle cookies.
To make any purchase from this web site then you must allow session cookies.
External Links
Any external links from our web site are for your convenience, informational purposes or to enable us to process a transaction and payment for any goods purchased from this web site. If you follow a link to another site, you are no longer on our web site and are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. We cannot be held responsible for any content, political views or endorsements that may be found on these other web sites, any links followed are at your own risk. No personal information will be transmitted by us to linked web sites that are not owned by the Seller.
Manufacturer Specific Terms & Conditions
FLIR: Mandatory statement for commercial (Dual Use) Products:
a. These commodities, technology or software were exported from the United States in accordance with the Export Administration Regulations. Division contrary to U.S. law is prohibited.
b. These commodities, technology or software are for commercial end use only. They may not be used in the design, development, production, or use of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles.
c. These commodities technology or software may not be sold, transferred or exported to the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, the Republic of Sudan or Syria or accessed by nationals of these regions or countries without obtaining any necessary U.S. Department of Commerce or U.S. Department of the Treasury authorisation.
d. These commodities, technology or software may not be sold, transferred or exported to military end users or for military end-uses (as defined in the Export Administration Regulations) in the People’s Republic of China, Russia or Venezuela.
e. These commodities, technology or software may not be sold transferred or exported to or through or involve any party on any U.S. government screening or prohibited list (including those as updated from time-to-time on the U.S. Consolidated Screening List (available at http://export.gov/ecr/eg_main_023148.asp).
Sign up
Sign up for our newsletter now. Here´s an example of what you are missing
Contact Us
Test Meter Group Ltd1 Aston Court, Town End CloseLeeds, LS13 2AF
0113 248 9966
0113 236 10 06
sales@test-meter.co.uk
Your Account
Log In
Register
Delivery Information
Returns
Purchase Orders
Useful Links
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Calibration
PAT Training Courses
Careers
Links
Site Map
Connect
Follow us on Twitter
See us on Facebook
See our Blog
Secure Payments
We also accept purchase orders
©Copyright Test Meter Group Limited 2020 - All rights reserved.
E&OE
All brand names are trade marked to their respective owners.
Company Number: 5394680
VAT Number: GB842 7016 40
Test Meter Group Limited, 1 Aston Court, Town End Close, Leeds, LS13 2AF
sales@test-meter.co.uk
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Delivery Info
Returns
©Copyright Test Meter Group Limited 2020 - All rights reserved.
E&OE
Company Number: 5394680
VAT Number: GB842 7016 40
Back to top