http://www.powertronix.com/privacy
Home
About
Our Focus
Team
Careers
Products
PowerMED
Isolation Station
Transformers
Inductors
AC-DC Power Supplies
Power Distribution Units
News
Testimonials
Media
Galleries
Videos
Design Resources
Contact
Search:
Contact Us
Privacy
Powertronix, Corp. and its affiliates and subsidiaries, (collectively, “Powertronix”) are committed to protecting your privacy.  Powertronix, Corp. has prepared this Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) to describe to you, or if you represent an entity or other organization, that entity or organization, (in either case, “You”) our practices regarding the personal information that Powertronix, Corp. collects, uses, shares, and secures from and on behalf of end users (“Users”) of our website located at www.powertronix.com or other websites operated by Powertronix, Corp. (each, a "Website").
Collection.  Personally identifiable information or “PII” refers to information that is connected to Your name and may include things such as Your email address, mailing address, or telephone number.
Powertronix, Corp. collects PII when Users voluntarily submit it to us.  For example, You may choose to submit PII to Powertronix, Corp. in a comment card, request for services, a sweepstakes entry, or if You participate in a contest, game, survey, or loyalty program.  Powertronix, Corp. may also collect PII about You from reputable third parties.
In addition to PII, Powertronix, Corp. may collect other information from Users using the following technologies:
Cookies.  "Cookies" are small bits of information that the Website places on the hard drive of Your computer.  Cookies remember information about Your activities on the site to make Your visits to the Website more enjoyable and valuable to You by providing a customized experience and recognizing Your preferences when You visit the Website.  If You've chosen to disable cookies on your browser, some of the functionality of the Website may be lost.  Certain web pages or services provided by Powertronix, Corp., require that cookies be enabled in Your browser and cannot be used when You have disabled cookies in Your browser.
Flash Cookies.  (also called Local Shared Objects or “LSOs”).  Flash cookies are data files similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. Flash cookies are used to remember settings, preferences, and usage, particularly for video, interactive gaming, and other similar services.
Web beacons or clear pixels.  Web beacons are small graphic images on a Web page or in an email that can be used for such things as recording the pages and advertisements that You select, or tracking the performance of email marketing campaigns.
Web server logs.  Web server logs are records of activity created by the computer that delivers the webpages You request to Your browser.  For example, a web server log may record the search term You entered or the link You clicked to bring you the webpage.  The Web server log also may record information about Your browser, such as Your IP address and the cookies set on Your browser by the server.
Use.  Powertronix, Corp.’s primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with products, services, information, and advertisements that match Your interests.  Powertronix, Corp. may also use information to conduct research and analysis, or to improve the Website or Powertronix, Corp. products and services.
Sharing.  Powertronix, Corp. may share Your PII with companies that are affiliated with us (that is, that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Powertronix, Corp.).  Powertronix, Corp. may also share Your PII with Brands who advertise their products and services on the Website or other third parties who would like to send You information about their products and services.  For example, Powertronix, Corp. may offer a discount or contest in conjunction with a co-sponsor that may have special offers or promotions that might be of interest to Powertronix, Corp. Users.  In such case Your information may be shared with the co-sponsor and their use of Your information is governed by their privacy policy.
There may be instances when Powertronix, Corp. may disclose PII without providing You with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of Powertronix, Corp., other affiliated companies or their employees, agents, and contractors; to protect the safety and security of other Users; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process.  In addition, if Powertronix, Corp. sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, Powertronix, Corp. may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction.
Security.  We use reasonable measures to help prevent PII from becoming disclosed to individuals who are not described in this policy.  While Powertronix, Corp. attempts to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and Powertronix, Corp. cannot promise that information about You will remain secure in all circumstances.
Access & Choice.  Powertronix, Corp. has implemented the following procedure that You may use to access, correct, or delete Your PII, or choose how Your information is used:
If You would like to know the types of information that Powertronix, Corp. collects from Users to its website, please email or write Powertronix, Corp. at the addresses listed below under the Section titled “Communication.”
If You would like to know whether Powertronix, Corp. has collected PII about You please send us the activities and services that You participated in on the Website that requested PII.  After reviewing the relevant databases, Powertronix, Corp. will confirm whether Powertronix, Corp. has collected such information about You and provide a list of Your PII that we have on file.
If Your PII is incorrect, You may correct the PII by sending a written request for correction to Powertronix, Corp.'s Privacy Officer at the address below.  Your request must include (1) all of the incorrect PII that You wish to change, (2) the corrected PII, and (3) Your signature authorizing such changes.  Powertronix, Corp. will then correct the PII in our database and send a written confirmation to You.
If You wish to stop receiving email marketing communications from Powertronix, Corp., please click email info@powertonix.com
Some web browsers and devices permit You to broadcast a preference that You not be “tracked” online.  At this time Powertronix, Corp. does not modify Your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.
Additional Information.
Other Websites.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to web sites or applications offered by other companies or individuals, including third party products and services, that may be displayed as content in a search on the Website.  Powertronix, Corp. encourages You to read the privacy policy of any third party web site or applications before transmitting personal information.
Other Contractual Relationships.  If You enter into a separate contractual relationship with Powertronix, Corp. which requires, or contemplates, collecting, using, sharing, or securing information about You in a manner that is different than that which is described in this policy, the terms of that agreement will apply.
Notice to California Residents.  Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents who have an established business relationship with Powertronix, Corp. are entitled to ask Powertronix, Corp. for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  This notice will identify the categories of information shared with and will include a list of the third parties with which it is shared, along with their names and addresses.  If You are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to Powertronix, Corp. at the addresses listed below under the Section titled “Communication.”
Changes.  Powertronix, Corp. reserves the right, at any time, to modify this Privacy Policy.  If Powertronix, Corp. make revisions that change the way Powertronix, Corp. collects or uses Your PII, Powertronix, Corp. will prominently post those changes in this Privacy Policy. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that You keep up to date on Powertronix, Corp.’s most current policies and practices.  Powertronix, Corp. will note the effective date of the latest version of our Privacy Policy at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Communication.
If You have questions or concerns regarding Powertronix, please contact us at
info@powertonix.com
Powertronix, Corp.
1120 Chess Drive
Foster City, CA 94404
Effective as of January 1, 2016
Powertronix Corporation
1120 Chess Drive
Foster City, CA 94404
Tel: 1.650.345.6800
Fax: 1.650.345.7240
sales@powertronix.com
Contact Us