https://www.generalplastics.com/terms-conditions-of-sale
MARKET APPLICATIONS
Markets Overview
Aerospace
Composite Core
Tooling and Molds
Prototypes and Models
Marine
Subsea
Dielectric
Doors & Windows
Thermal Blocks
Signs
Medical
Nuclear Containers
Blast Mitigation
Sports and Recreation
CAPABILITIES
Our Capabilities
Quality Assurance & Certifications
Sub-Assemblies
Cast / Molded Parts
Machining
Complex Laminates
Custom Foam Services
Testing Services
PRODUCTS
All Products
Rigid Foams
Flexible Foam Sheet Stock
Flexible Foams (Parts Program)
Product Finder
Request Sample
RESOURCES
All Resources
Blog
Case Applications
Technical Papers
Technical Data Sheets and SDS
Product Reference Downloads
Video Library
Why Polyurethane
FAQ
DISTRIBUTORS
U.S. Distributors
International Distributors
ABOUT
About General Plastics
Our Vision
75 Years of Innovation
Testimonials
News and Events
Careers
Privacy Policy
Warranty
Terms & Conditions of Sale
CONTACT
Home > ABOUT > Terms & Conditions of Sale
Terms & Conditions of Sale
ORDER MINIMUMS
The minimum order value is $3,000 (USD) per shipment, and no line minimum.
ORDER CHANGES
Date revisions outside of lead-time, quantity changes and engineering changes will be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
ORDER CANCELLATIONS
Acknowledged orders canceled within lead-time are subject to a cancellation fee of up to 100% of the quoted price.
PRICING
Prices are established through your account manager and may be subject to change without notice.
SHIPPING
Terms of Sale: EXW – Incoterms 2010
RETURN POLICY
Defect or non-conformance must be determined within 60 days of shipment. An RMA must accompany all returns. The value of the return will come in the form of product replacement or credit. See Warranty Policy.
PAYMENT
Payment for shipments to customers who have not established open terms will be made via ACH (preferred) or credit card.
To request open terms, a customer must provide three trade references and have annual orders of $50,000 (USD). Credit application available upon request. *
*Terms apply to domestic shipments only. Terms for international shipments will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.
Request a quote
Cookie ConsentWe use cookies to improve user experience, and analyze website traffic.
For these reasons, we may share your site usage data with our partners. By continuing to browse or by clicking “Accept” you consent to store on your device cookies as described in our Privacy Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Please read our Privacy Policy for full details.
Accept and ClosePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.