https://www.thewealthydentist.com/privacypolicy
Dental Marketing
Internet Dental Marketing
Dental Practice Management
The Wealthy Dentist – BLOG
PrivacyPolicy
TheWealthyDentist.com™ Privacy Policy
This privacy statement applies to the website of:
TheWealthyDentist.com
Du Molin and Du Molin, Inc.
P.O. Box 1220
Tiburon, CA 94920 U.S.
(888) 476-4886
We respect your privacy. This is why we have taken the time to disclose our information collection practices and our privacy policy. Please take the time to review this document. Collecting information provides specific benefits to our website visitors.
We collect information for the following purpose(s):
Completing or supporting an activity
Website and system administration
Research and development
Research, analysis, reporting
Build records of individual visitors
Contacting our visitors (except via telephone) for promotion of the site or products
Preserving social history as governed by existing law or policy
Who has access to the information we collect?
Ourselves – Information is only shared with our partners who share our privacy policy. Of the information we do collect, we allow our visitors the following access to the information:
Access is given to contact information and other information (such as name, email address, birthday, employer, etc).
If you believe that our website has collected incorrect information or if you would like to dispute any information, please contact us using the address at the top of this page.
We provide this website as a public service; you do not have to provide any personal information in order to enter and browse. The extent and type of information we receive depends on what you do while you are visiting our website.
We collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you specifically and knowingly choose to provide such information to us.
Statistical Information Collected and Stored Automatically
Our website automatically records website usage information that we analyze statistically to track operational problems, to prevent fraud and to improve the effectiveness, security and integrity of the site. This information does not identify you personally and we do not use this information to track or record information about individuals. We will disclose this information to third parties only in aggregate form or as may be required by law.
For each page that you visit, we collect and store only the following technical information in what is called a web server log file:
Date and time of access
URL address of the webpage visited
Internet domain and IP address from which our website was accessed
Type of browser and operating system used to access our site (if provided by the browser)
URL address of the referring page (if provided by the browser)
Completion or success status of the request for a web page or other on-line item
File size of the webpage visited
Information That You Voluntarily Provide
If you voluntarily provide us with personal information, for example by sending an e-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it through our Website, you are indicating voluntary consent for us to use the information you are submitting to respond to your message and to help us provide you with the information and services that you have requested. We make every effort to disclose clearly how information is used at the point where it is collected so that our users can determine for themselves whether they wish to provide the information.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information.
Your submission, including personal information, may be shared within our organization, or others if necessary to address matters raised in your submission as allowed by our systems of records or as otherwise required or authorized by statute, including requests from Congress, Freedom of Information Act requests from private individuals or companies, for law enforcement purposes, for routine agency uses subject to the Privacy Act, or under our access and public record rules.
Retention of Information.
We may retain electronically submitted information as long as necessary to respond to your request, depending on the subject matter and according to the principles of the Federal Records Act and the regulations and records schedules approved by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Computer web server logs may be preserved as long as administratively necessary and are scheduled for destruction in accordance with guidelines approved by NARA. The information in the logs may be used at any time as necessary to prevent security breaches and to insure the integrity of the data on our servers.
If you use an on-line form to register for informational e-mail updates, or for other purposes, information you provide may be retained so that we can notify you about changes or upgrades, where appropriate.
Security of Personal Information
We use commercial encryption techniques to protect the transmission and storage of the information you submit to us when you use one of our secure online forms. E-mail that you send to us is not necessarily secure against third-party interception or misdirection. For your own protection, you may wish to communicate sensitive information using a method other than e-mail.
For website security purposes and to ensure that our website remains available to all users, computer systems that support the website use industry-standard methods and software to monitor and audit network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Anyone visiting our website expressly consents to such monitoring and auditing.
Links To Other Sites
Our website contains links to the websites of other public and private organizations that are outside of our control. When you follow a link to another site, you leave this site and your website interactions are no longer protected by our privacy policy.
Quick Search
Weekly Marketing Tips
Your Email
[recaptcha size:compact]
Video Tutorials
Internal Marketing & CommunicationsThis core strategy targets your existing patients.
Maximize Your Marketing: Target High-Value PatientsAmp up your marketing and get the new patients you want.
Designing the $1,000,000 Dental Practice SignSignage is the #1 lowest-cost way to acquire new patients.
Turn Your Front Desk into a Marketing MachineConvert high-value new patient leads into dental appointments.
$10,000 a Month Chart AuditExtract money from your files! Includes complete forms for conducting chart audits.
DIY Office BrochureCreate your own brochure with our video lesson, template, and pre-written content.
Setting Dental Fees for Maximum Case AcceptanceYou deserve a raise! We offer strategies on how to set fees.
Maximize Case AcceptanceIncrease dental patient case acceptance by 25% or $125,000.
Video For Your WebsiteOnline video marketing is an important part of an overall web presence for any dental practice.
Structuring a Dental Associate ProgramLearn how to convert your practice into cash at retirement.
Your Professional BiographyDo you have your professional biography in your waiting room?
Doctor-to-Doctor MarketingGenerate referrals from other medical practitioners.
Practice Answering MachineA proven marketing strategy for your practice answering machine.
Want More Dental Patients?
Web Portal Design Showcase
About Us
Dental Marketing and Management
Dental Marketing Articles
Dentist Surveys
Contact TWD
Follow
TheWealthyDentist.com
What Doctors Say
When I first came to work with Jim, I was producing approximately $48,000 per month. At the end of the first year, I was producing 114% more than when I started. The value of new patients during that first year also doubled.
When I first started, I had about 8-10 new patients a month. I was practicing alone in my home, so I had a very small practice. I knew I really had to grow the practice quickly because I moved into a new facility. With the different approaches the The Wealthy Dentist has given me, I was able to move the number of new patients up to 41 a month.
Dr. Jan OrmsbyIthaca, NY
The major benefit that I have received from having been a member of the The Wealthy Dentist has been my transition from managed care insurance plans to fee-for-service patients.
Probably the biggest key that I've seen that has allowed me to progress to where I am now has been really implementing a lot of the systems that I've learned.
You know: making sure I have a complete team that's working for a common goal. In addition to that, I'm really implementing a lot of the marketing strategies that I found were the most effective for me.
Especially when I first started, I tried a lot of different marketing techniques, and I wasn't sure whether they were going to work or not. With Jim and his team of dental management consultants, I've really been able to copy genius instead of creating mediocrity.
Dr. Victor SobrepenaFoster City, CA
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020
on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
© 2018 The Wealthy Dentist ® -
Dental Marketing - All Rights Reserved -
Dental Website Marketing Site Map
TheWealthyDentist.com ® - Contact by email - Privacy Policy
P.O. Box 1220, Tiburon, CA 94920
The material on this website is offered in conjunction with MasterPlan
Alliance.
All rights reserved. If you would like to use material from this site, our reports, articles, training
programsor tutorials for use in any printed or electronic media, please ask permission first by email.