http://www.yigal-azrouel.com/pages/terms-conditions
"Close Cart"
Shopping Cart
Shop now
Login
Search for products on our site
Search
See more
Search
Shop
See more
"Close Cart"
New Arrivals
Dresses
Tops
Bottoms
Jumpsuits
Knitwear
Jackets and Outerwear
Collections
See more
"Close Cart"
Fall Winter 2020
Spring Summer 2020
Newsfeed
About Us
Account
Log in
Create account
Menu
Cart
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL U.S. ORDERS OVER $300
Terms & Conditions
Introduction
Yigal Azrouël Inc. values its customers and respects their privacy. This Privacy and Usage Policy applies to personal information that we collect about you through our website and our mobile application (collectively the "website"). This information is used to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions. Neither your name nor anything about you is sold to any other non-affiliated company or agency. However, as described in greater detail below, we may share your information under certain circumstances with business partners that help this site function or assist us in fulfilling your order. This Privacy and Usage Policy only covers information collected on the website, and does not cover any information collected offline by Yigal Azrouël, including information collected at our stores.
This policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use certain of that information. If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears on this policy.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
We sometimes ask you for certain kinds of personal information to provide the services you request. This information includes:
Shopping - Through this website, you will be able to purchase Yigal Azrouël products and gift cards. We ask for information such as your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information in order to process your purchase, confirm your order and ship the items to you. If you elect to be added to the Yigal Azrouël email list, we may use your contact information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions.
My Account - You have the opportunity to create a personal shopping account with Yigal Azrouël, which allows you to shop faster and easier. Using a user name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information. In creating this account, you authorize Yigal Azrouël to store your name and email address. Should you elect to do so, you may also include in your “My Account” your telephone number, payment card information, and shipping and billing addresses. If you choose to include such additional information then you are also authorizing Yigal Azrouël to store such information until such time you elect to change or delete it. Each of these options is for your convenience only. If you ever use a public computer to visit the “My Account” section of our website we strongly encourage you to log out at the conclusion of your session.
Through the “My Account” feature, you may create a Wish List of products you want and share the items on your list by copying and pasting the URL. You may elect to make this Wish List public, so that friends and family can search for you by either name or email address.
Email List - When you create an account with Yigal Azrouël, you will be given the option to be added to the Yigal Azrouël email list. Whether or not you select this option, your personal information will never be shared with or sold to anyone. Subscriptions to the email list can be cancelled at any time. To be removed from our email list, please email us at customerservice@yigal-Azrouël.com and include your name and the address in the message, or click the unsubscribe button found at the bottom of the emails we send you.
Purchases - When you place an order, you will be asked to provide your credit card information.
Customer Service - If you call our Customer Service center, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number and if you choose to make a purchase, your credit card information. We use this information to assist you and to process your transaction. Purchases - When you place an order, you will be asked to provide your credit card information. Yigal Azrouël does not store your credit card information unless you choose to include it in your “My Account” (see above).
Electronic Newsletters - You may be able to sign up on this site to receive electronic newsletters and promotional emails from Yigal Azrouël. To sign up we may ask for information such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, gender, age, and email preferences.
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them. If you do not want to receive e-mail from Yigal Azrouël you may click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us. Please allow us ten (10) business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
Surveys, Sweepstakes and Promotions - On this website, you may be able to participate in surveys, sweepstakes and promotions. If you choose to participate in these promotions, we may request information such as your name, age, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and interests or product preferences. This information is used to enter you into our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions. We may use this information to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions, but only if you have given us your consent to do so.
Email to a Friend - You may be able to share certain content from this website with your friends. In order to do so, we may ask for information such as your name, email address, zip code and telephone number. We will not include any other advertisements within the message sent your friends.
Information We Collect By Automated Means
Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about how you browse our website.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general Internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
Cookies help us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more customized service. They enable us:
To estimate usage numbers and patterns
To store information about your preferences, and to allow us to customize our website according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognize you when you return to our website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the website or unable to avail of any of our services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website.
Pixel Tags
We also use "pixel tags" (sometimes called “Internet tags”, "web beacons" or "clear GIFS"), which are tiny graphic images, on our website. Pixel tags help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising. We work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Pixel tags on our website may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the site. This information may include your computer's Internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer. We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites.
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us.
We also work with business partners that use tracking technologies to deliver advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our advertising and other communications.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. This information may be used to improve our website, to personalize your online experience, to help us deliver information to you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes.
Use of Your Personal Information
use the information we collect from our customers for various purposes, including:
Process transactions upon their request
Improve our stores, website, customers shopping experience and quality of service
send communications about our products, services and promotions
Prevent and detect fraud and abuse
Process information or claims in connection with incidents at our stores
Enable our service providers to perform certain activities on our behalf
Comply with our legal obligations, policies and procedures and for internal administrative and analytics purposes.
Others with Whom We May Share Your Information
Service Providers: We also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing e-mails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us data storage and analysis; (e) provide fraud prevention; (f) provide customer service by phone and (g) other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in the agreements.
Compliance with Law: We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors of this website or the public.
Links to other sites
While visiting our website, you may link to sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. This does not mean that we endorse these sites. We do not make any representations or warranties about any website you may access through the Yigal Azrouël website. They are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information or activities.
In addition, our privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites. If you provide personal information at one of those sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site, not the Yigal Azrouël Privacy and Usage Policy. Please make sure you understand the other site's privacy policy before providing personal information.
Security
Yigal Azrouël goes to great lengths to keep your financial information private and safe. We take appropriate physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. In addition, it is our policy to never send your credit card number via e-mail. Our customer service center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. Please note, however, that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.
We use Secure Socket Layers (SSL), the industry standard in transferring information to process your orders. The SSL encrypts, or translates, your order information into a highly indecipherable code, which is processed immediately. All credit card transactions occur in a secure area of our site, to protect you from any loss, misuse or alteration of information collected. When you have finished shopping and begin the checkout process, you will move into the secure area of our site. Once you've entered, the page address (URL) will change from http to https, to let you know you are in a secure area. Also, a key or a closed lock will appear in the lower right hand corner of your screen to notify you of this change. You will remain in this secure zone for the entire checkout process.
Unfortunately, despite our best efforts, the transmission of data over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we will use every reasonable means to ensure the security of information you transmit to us, we cannot guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties. We will, however, prosecute any unauthorized or fraudulent transactions to the fullest extent permitted by law.
“SPOOFING” AND “PHISHING”
A common Internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal information from you. Please be aware that Yigal Azrouël will NEVER send you an email requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal information. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, DO NOT respond to it, and DO NOT click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at inquiries@yigal-Azrouël.com, as we will investigate all instances of possible Internet fraud.
Children's Privacy
Our website is not meant for children, and we do not collect any personally information from children under the age of thirteen. We will remove from our files any personally identifiable information of anyone we discover to be under thirteen years old. Our online contests or sweepstakes are restricted to entrants who are at least 18 years old.
California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 888 Newark Ave, STE #448, Jersey City, New Jersey, US 07306, Attn: Customer Service or by email to customerservice@yigal-azrouel.com . Please allow 30 days for a response.
Your Consent
You acknowledge that this Privacy and Usage Policy is part of the Terms of Use and you agree that using our website signifies your assent to Yigal Azrouël's Privacy and Usage Policy and related terms of use provided above, is subject to all applicable laws, and is undertaken at your own risk. Yigal Azrouël reserves the right to change this Privacy and Usage Policy at any time, without advance notice. If we decide to change our Privacy and Usage Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
SAFE HARBOUR PRIVACY POLICY
Yigal Azrouël’s practices regarding the collection, storage, transfer, use and other processing of personal information follow the Safe Harbour principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, access, security, data integrity, and enforcement.
Notice - Yigal Azrouël will give you timely and appropriate notice describing what personal information we’re collecting, how we will use it, and types of third parties with whom we may share it with.
Choice - Yigal Azrouël will give you choices about the ways we use and share your personal information, and we will respect the choices you make.
Onward Transfer - When disclosing information to a third party, Yigal Azrouël applies the notice and choice principles and takes appropriate measures to protect your privacy and the personal information we transfer.
Access - Yigal Azrouël provides ways for you to access your personal information, as required by law, so that you can correct inaccuracies.
Security - Yigal Azrouël will take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity - Yigal Azrouël takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information the company collects is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used and that the information is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current.
Enforcement - Yigal Azrouël uses a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and in conformity with the Principles.
We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information below and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about your privacy or security on our website, please contact us at customerservice@yigal-azrouel.com.