http://www.technobox.com/privacy-policy
Home
Products
PMC
XMC
Adapters/Carriers
Development Tools
Accessories/Misc
Special Orders
Archive
Search
Order
Quote Request (RFQ)
Terms & Conditions
Global Partnerships
Order Now
Manufacturing
Capabilities & Services
CMS Quote Request (RFQ)
Support
Technical Support
Returns (RMA)
Information
FPGA Migration Tool
End-of-Life (EOL)
FAQ
About Us
Technobox, Inc.
Capabilities
Production
Industries
Customized COTS
Standards & Reg
Privacy Policy
Careers
News
Contact
0
Privacy Policy
Technobox, Inc. respects the privacy of customers and online visitors. We take reasonable steps to comply with privacy directives and/or legislation concerning the collection, processing and safeguarding of personal data.
Technobox, Inc. respects the privacy of customers and online visitors. Consequently, we take reasonable steps to comply with privacy directives and/or legislation concerning the collection, processing and safeguarding of personal data, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We do not sell personal data that we collect and/or process.General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)The GDPR replaces the European Union's Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC, but keeps its core - businesses must tell individuals within the EU that they are collecting data, its intended use, and to whom, if ever, it will be disclosed. Some key principles of the GDPR:Lawfulness: Processing of personal data must be lawful and where it is based on consent, the consent must be freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous; that such consent may be expressed “by a statement or by a clear affirmative action" that clearly indicates assent to processing.Transparency: Information regarding processing must be provided in a concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible form.Purpose Limitation: The purpose for which data is collected must be specified, explicit and legitimate.Data Minimization: Only data relevant for the purpose laid out can be collected and processed.Data Integrity: Data must be accurate and kept up-to-date.Security: Data must be processed in a way that ensures appropriate security of the personal data.The GDPR applies to the processing of personal data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Pertinent data includes a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or any other factors specific to the physical, physiological, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Processing is defined as any operation or set of operations (manual or automated) performed on personal data (or data sets); such as, operations to collect, store, or purge records. The reasons for using your personal information may differ depending on your interaction with us. Regularly we use your information for the following legitimate purposes and on the following legal grounds:We use your information in order to perform our contractual responsibilities - or prior to entering into a contractInformation we use for these legitimate purposes includes: information we need to contact and communicate with you; information we need to present offers (quoting or re-quoting); information to manage, process and ship orders; information to execute an RMA for returning defective or suspect products for inspection, testing or repair; information for invoicing and payment follow up.We use your information if justified by our legitimate interests:The usage of your information may also be necessary for our own legitimate interests. We may use your information to provide, analyze and improve services and/or content; to send you notifications about product changes as required by contract or as deemed necessary; for administrative reasons; fraud detection (e.g., we may use some of your information to evaluate and review our business performance or investigate possible cyber security threats); or legal purposes (if necessary, we may also use your information to initiate or defend ourselves against, legal claims).We use your information after obtaining your consentIf you have granted us consent (either implied or explicit) to use your information, we will use it only for the purposes specified. Implied consent is granted if you submit a form for information about our products and/or services, request a quotation for such products and/or services, submit an order, register for news emails about Technobox, Inc. and its products/services, or sign up to any newsletter or RSS feed, we will process and store your personal data as provided. Explicit consent is preferable, of course. We may also contact you for additional details as necessary. Or, we may simply augment your data with details from public records - for example, by adding a missing street address or postal code.We use your information to comply with legal obligationsWe may have obligations to keep certain information because of legal requirements, e.g., to comply with contractual clauses (e.g., to provide notice of product design and/or process changes) or other trade/commercial laws.Information We CollectWe collect the following kinds of personal data as need dictates:If you order any product or services or request a quoteWe will collect your name, company, shipping and billing address, email address, phone number, job title, information from our correspondence with you; information on your order or quote (e.g., price and parts information, information about a shipment, reports about defects or other feedback and complaints); information on your customer account; payment information such as bank account details or check information; information on outstanding payments.If you register on our website for news or product information, RSS feed or similar serviceWe will collect your name, company, address, email address, phone number, job title; as well as any relevant information you provide.If you contact us through our website, phone, email or postal correspondenceWe will collect your name, company, job title, address, email address, phone number and any additional information you provide.If you use our websiteWe will collect your IP address, browser data, browser type, device type, device ID, URL, operating system, part search and detail requests or information on your usage of our website.If you are register for our email marketing campaignsWe will collect your name, email address, title, address, industry, region, campaign feedback, such as your reaction to our marketing and your interest in our products, opt-out
action, sharing and so forth.How We May Collect Personal InformationPersonal information may presented to Technobox, Inc. by various means, including:Personal information you provide to usThe majority of personal information we receive comes to us voluntarily from our users through daily commerce, such as when visiting our website, communicating with us or in the ordering process. You are free to choose which information you want to provide to us or if you want to provide us with information at all. However, some information, such as your shipping address, payment information and product order information is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations. Without providing this information, Technobox, Inc. would be hindered in our ability to conduct business with your or provide important news and information.Personal information collected via technologyAs you use our websites, we may collect passive information through the use of cookies. Please see below for more information.Personal information we receive from othersWe may receive personal information about users from third parties such as web analytics services, social media sites, law enforcement agencies, providers of denied party screening (e.g., reference data collected and published by U.S. federal agencies and organizations) and marketing consultants. We may also receive information from parties acting on your behalf as purchasing agents, forwarding agents or customs agents, or by referral via business partners with whom we regularly conduct commerce.How We May Share InformationAs required, we may share your personal information with the following:Shipping & Delivery ServicesTo ship your orders, we may share your personal information with freight forwarders, customs and carriers (e.g. FedEx, UPS, DHL, & USPS)Service Providers or ContractorsThird party vendors and/or other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include business partners, vendors for special processes, marketing campaign services, mailing or email services, webinar services, accounting services, product fulfillment agents, payment processing companies, financial institutions, credit rating services, credit card issuing companies, data analytics and experience enhancement services, fraud prevention and web hosting services.Selected Third PartiesWe may partner with third parties for synergistic/cooperative marketing campaigns that may correspond with your expressed interests for which we ask separate consent to include you in such campaigns.Law Enforcement Agencies, Regulators & Other Parties for Legal ReasonsAs required by law (or if we believe that such action is necessary) we may supply personal data to comply with a law or in response to the reasonable requests of law enforcement; to enforce our legal claims; to protect the security or integrity of our products and/or services; to safeguard the integrity of network services and storage facilities; or to protect the rights of others.How Long We May Retain & Safeguard Personal InformationPersonal information may be stored for as long as necessary for our legitimate business interests or to fulfill contractual or legal obligations. Appropriate measures (technical and procedural) are in place to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. To enhance security, our web site uses SSL encryption and techniques assure that forms and other submissions are intentional (e.g., through use of CAPTHCA challenges). 		Technobox, Inc. is located in the United States of America. Personal data that you provide of necessity will cross borders and will be retained outside participating EU states. Regardless, we will take reasonable actions to ensure that your personal information is treated properly.Privacy & CookiesTechnobox, Inc. and service providers that we may use for collecting data and/or permissions to enable communications with you (e.g., MailChimp whom we engage for publishing Technobox, Inc. news and information messages) - will automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit web site pages, read emails, view an advertisement or otherwise engage in online activities. These assorted functions and activities may employ cookies. Consequently, when you engage with our website, you are accepting the use of cookies. Cookies are text files, containing small amounts of information, which are downloaded to your browsing device when you visit a website. Cookies allow websites to recognize some basic information, such as the browser in use, IP address, and device operating system. This helps websites to know if the browsing device has visited them before, how the website and online tools are being used, assist site navigation, remember your preferences and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure that information you view is relevant to your interests.You can usually change the settings of your browser to modify permissions you give to us and third parties for the storing of and access to cookies on your devices. If you do not want to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to change browser settings. Using settings features on your device and/or browser permits you to accept cookies (or not), turn off or remove existing cookies or automatically reject incoming cookies to prevent installation. Please note, that disabling or disallowing cookies may modify or limit your online interactions. Note, too, that you may not be able to delete or block all cookies, and that cookies can be introduced by third parties simply by using a device and/or browser. Technobox, Inc. is not responsible for them or any related code that might be installed.Deleting or disabling cookies might cause unexpected changes in website and/or browser performance.Temporary cookies (or session cookies) are removed from your device after you close your browser. Websites use them to store temporary information, such as items in your shopping cart.Persistent cookies (or saved cookies) remain on your device after you close browser. Websites use them to store information, such as your sign-in name and password, so that you don't have to sign in each time you go to a particular site. Persistent cookies can remain on your computer for days, months, or even years.First-party cookies come from the website that you're viewing and can be either persistent or temporary. Websites might use these cookies to store information that they'll reuse the next time you go to that site.Third-party cookies come from websites that you're viewing. Websites might use these cookies to track your web use for assorted reasons: marketing purposes (such as pop-ups and banner ads) or to track your actions during your visit to determine interests, or to provide details that can be used to improve your interactions with the site and improve content access.Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation)2018 Reform of EU Data Protection Rules - 10 October 2017GDPR in HTML Form (Searchable)International Association of Privacy Professionals: EU General Data Protection RegulationAdditional Resources from the International Association of Privacy ProfessionalsPrivacy Resources from the Data Protection Network (DPN)