https://www.montel.com/en/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Montel Inc. (“Montel”) uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. Montel does not rent, sell, exchange or disclose to third party any information about its website other than as described below or with visitors’ prior approval.
Third parties who need access to Montel visitor information in order to provide operational or other support services to Montel or visitors are required to comply with our high standards of security. We gather only the visitor information that is needed to administer Montel business and enhance and improve Montel website.
Please read our Term of Use policy.
MONTEL WEBSITE - TERMS OF USE
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website. The term "Montel" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website, Montel inc. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
GENERAL USE OF THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and personal use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website may include links to other websites, including those of Authorized Montel Distributors (“AMDs”). These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the websites and their content. We have no responsibility for the content of the linked websites.
Montel reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time without notice to users.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of Canada and Province of Quebec, District of Montmagny.
PRIVILEGED USE OF THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT
Montel grants its AMDs a limited right to make the following uses of its copyrighted information from the site. AMD may reproduce the site content solely for the purposes of selling and marketing Montel products, or other uses directly for Montel’s benefits, and only if keeping such reproduced content intact with proper attribution and displaying of the copyright notice.
Architects and Designers may download and use the pictures gallery portion of this site in connection with bids or requests for proposals for the sale by us and our AMDs of our products and services, provided to do so for an authorized use and only if keeping such reproduced content intact with proper attribution and displaying of the copyright notice, without deleting or changing any of the information, including copyright and trademark notices. No other permission is granted to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, license, transfer, sell, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify any of the site content.
Montel may authorize the use of pictures to others for non-personal use if preapproved in writing by Montel. If interested in using a picture owned by Montel, a request indicating purpose of use with complete details must be sent to Montel at system@montel.com.
Montel reserves the right to revoke this permission at any time for any reason. Upon such revocation, the AMD or Architect or Designer must immediately discontinue use of the website, according to this special authorization, and must delete any downloaded and/or printed site content. Violation of this clause shall constitute an act of trespass.
COMMUNICATIONS
As Internet communications may not be secure, Montel will not be responsible for any damages or losses you suffer if you choose to send information to Montel over the Internet.
Montel has the exclusive right to control accessibility, hours of use, features on the site, and any other information found on the site. Montel can restrict access to any or all portions of the site or remove any information or content from the site at any time.
User is solely responsible for providing the equipment related to accessing the site, including all computers, remote communications equipment, telephone, or other equipment.
If you communicate with Montel, Montel is free to use any information (without compensation) provided to it, including, but not limited to, information relating to users of the site, comments, suggestions or questions, whether or not you indicate the information is private and confidential, subject to applicable law. We use this information to understand your needs and provide you with better products and better services. We may use the information in any manner, including but not limited, for developing, improving, manufacturing and marketing our products.
WEBSITE DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Montel and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Montel. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Montel takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and otherwise hold harmless Montel and its officers, directors, agents, employees, and assigns from and against any cause of action or claim, including legal fees, related to your use of the site.
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
This website and its content are copyrights of Montel. All rights reserved.
Unless otherwise authorized on the site, any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following: you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only and you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Learn more
Continue
Document request
Please fill out the following form to download the requested documentation.
* Mandatory Fields
Thank you for your interest in Montel's product lines.
Please do not hesitate to call us at 1.877.935.0236 if we can be of any immediate assistance.
Sincerely yours,
MONTEL INC.
Please fill in all required fields
* First Name
* Last Name
* Email
Phone
* Country
Choose
United States
Canada
Mexico
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Antarctic Territory
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canton and Enderbury Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos [Keeling] Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo - Brazzaville
Congo - Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Dronning Maud Land
East Germany
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
French Southern and Antarctic Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong SAR China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Johnston Island
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau SAR China
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Metropolitan France
Micronesia
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar [Burma]
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
North Vietnam
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pacific Islands Trust Territory
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territories
Panama
Panama Canal Zone
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Democratic Republic of Yemen
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
São Tomé and Príncipe
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Islands
U.S. Miscellaneous Pacific Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wake Island
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
* State/Province
Choose
* Company
* Market
Choose a market
Mobile Vertical Farming Systems
Food and Cold Storage
Automotive Storage
Office Storage
Education Storage
Government Storage
Healthcare Storage
Warehouse Storage
Library Shelving and Storage
Military Storage
Museum and Fine Art Storage
Public Safety Storage
Residential Storage
Retail Storage
Sports Equipment Storage
Other markets
Send