http://www.drives.nidec-shimpo.com/privacy/
x
Search for:
NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA CORPORATION is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and wants you to know what information we learn about you when you visit this Site, what we do with that information, and how you can change the information we have.
When you visit this (www.shimpoinst.com) Site, (collectively, “affiliated sites”), we recognize only your domain name and not your e-mail address. We will see your e-mail address only if you fill out a form or send us an e-mail message.
There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name, address and/or other information about yourself and/or your Company. If you provide such information by requesting information from us, by registering on a page, by filling out a survey, by participating in any contests or on-line events sponsored by NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA CORPORATION or otherwise by voluntarily telling us about yourself or your activities, we will collect that information in order to respond to your inquiry, send you information about our products & services or otherwise communicate with you, as well as to improve our products & services and the content of this Site. We do not transfer any information collected at this site to any third parties not affiliated with NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA CORPORATION.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please indicate that you do not wish to be contacted in the input field box provided on the contact us form. This Site and affiliated sites may contain links to other sites such as NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA CORPORATION’s distributors and sales affiliates. While we hope these sites share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
NIDEC-SHIMPO AMERICA CORPORATION reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time by posting a notice to that effect on this Site and/or affiliated sites.
Please refer to this Site’s Terms of Use for more information.