https://www.catamarancruiser.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.catamarancruisers.com website and Catamaran Cruisers and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Catamaran Cruisers include www.catamarancruisers.com and Catamaran Cruisers. The Catamaran Cruisers website is a Houseboat Manufacturer site. By using the Catamaran Cruisers website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Catamaran Cruisers may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Catamaran Cruisers. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Catamaran Cruisers website.
Catamaran Cruisers encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Catamaran Cruisers so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Catamaran Cruisers is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Catamaran Cruisers website.
Use of your Personal Information
Catamaran Cruisers collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Catamaran Cruisers may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Catamaran Cruisers and its affiliates. Catamaran Cruisers may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Catamaran Cruisers does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Catamaran Cruisers may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to CatamaranCruisers, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Catamaran Cruisers will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Catamaran Cruisers or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Catamaran Cruisers; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Catamaran Cruisers, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Catamaran Cruisers website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Catamaran Cruisers pages, or register with Catamaran Cruisers site or services, a cookie helps Catamaran Cruisers to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Catamaran Cruisers website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Catamaran Cruisers features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Catamaran Cruisers services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Catamaran Cruisers secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Catamaran Cruisers by filling out the form below and typing "Unsubscribe" in the subject line:
Changes to this Statement
Catamaran Cruisers will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Catamaran Cruisers encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Catamaran Cruisers is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Catamaran Cruisers welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Catamaran Cruisers has not adhered to this statement, please contact Catamaran Cruisers at:
Catamaran Cruisers
4166 Demastus Lane
Columbia, Tennessee 38401
Email Address: sales@catamarancruiser.com
Telephone number: 1-800-365-1255
Effective as of June 30, 2015
Your details were sent successfully!Send