http://www.pinpoint-tech.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Schraff001 Main Menu
Lists
Industrial Manufacturing
Laboratories
Engineering & Construction
Public Utilities
Natural Resources
Public Health & Safety
Services
Custom List Development
Customer Profiling
Website Visitor Conversion
Email Broadcast
Email Appending
Data Enhancement
About Pinpoint
Research Group
Why Pinpoint?
People
Careers
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Below is an overview of our information-gathering and dissemination practices. It outlines our policies for both website visitations as well as information our research staff gathers for resale to third parties.
Website Visitation:
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information.
Our site's registration form requires you to provide contact information (name and email address). We use this information to contact you when necessary.
You may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the opt-out section below.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (such as email address). This information is used to contact you when necessary. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings (see the opt-out section below).
Data Research Services:
Our research staff conducts outbound telephone surveys to gather business to business information for resale to third parties for use in sales, marketing and data research .
Third parties may be provided with your contact name, job title, company name, business postal address, business phone, business fax, business email address, industry code and website.
If you want to opt-out of the resale of your business information you can permanently opt-out at any time (See the opt-out section below).
Opt-Out:
To permanently opt-out simply contact us at any time and request to be removed.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact:
Site Administrator
Pinpoint Technologies, Inc.
17802 Irvine Blvd
Suite 215
Tustin, CA 92780
(714) 505-7600