https://www.spalding.com/customer-service/general-help/order-tracker.html
Skip to main content
External Link Warning
×
You are about to leave our site. Do you want to continue?
Go Back
Continue
Customer Service
Check Your Order
Check Your Order
To view your order, log in to your MVP account to view your order history or use the Check Order module below to check on a specific order.
Login
Spalding MVP Members
Email
Email *
Password
Password *
Remember me
forgot password?
forgot password?
Forgot your Password
×
Provide your account email address to receive an email to reset your password.
Email
Send
Check order
Sorry this order number, email or postal code does not match our records. Check your records and try again..
See your order even if you are not a registered user. Enter the order number and the billing address ZIP code.
Order number
Order Email
Billing ZIP code
If you have any additional questions, please contact our Consumer Services Department via our contact form or by calling toll free at 1-855-253-4533 (M-F, 8-4:30 CT).
General Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Spalding MVP
Product FAQs
Product Registration
Warranty Information
Warranty Claim
Returns
Check Your Order
State Adoptions
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
DMCA Statement Page
Terms & Conditions
U-Design Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Info
Manuals Page
Catalog PDFs Download Page
Need Help?
If you have any questions, you may contact us to assist you.
Customer Service
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-772-5346
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
Spalding Equipment Customer Service
Have questions on our professional arena and gymnasium equipment? We got you covered.
Monday - Friday
8 AM to 4:30 PM CST
1-800-435-3865
For individuals with visual, hearing, or other impairments, please call toll free: 1-877-879-7960
×
SYSTEM MANUAL FINDER
Select System Type
System Manual Finder
COMBO
Can be mounted to an existing system, pole or roof
Select
PORTABLE
Can be moved for convenience and storage
Select
IN-GROUND
Remains stationary for maximum stability
Select
Select
Portable System
Enter 2 Digit Number
The model number for portable systems will consist of two (2) sets of numbers that will need to be combined. Below are instructions on where to locate these numbers and how to combine them. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 1: The first set of numbers will be a two (2) digit number located on the base. This two (2) digit number will be located near the fill hole where you put the water or sand.
Some System
Enter 3 Digit Number
There is a three (3) digit number on the front of the backboard, to the right of the rim. This set of numbers will identify your system. If you are unable to locate this number, please contact our Customer Service Department.
Step 2: The second set of numbers will be a three (3) digit number located on the front of your backboard, to the right of the rim.
Search Results
Previous Step
Next
Start Over
Sign up for Spalding MVP to get 15% off anything on Spalding.com
No Thanks
Sign Up
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy
Remove Product?
×
Are you sure you want to remove the following product from the cart?
Cancel
Yes
Address Correction
We found a more accurate version of the address you entered. Using this one will prevent shipping delays and ensure your shipment is delivered to the correct address.