http://www.greenhomeguide.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy policy
Privacy Notice
This page states the Privacy Notice under which You, the Web Site visitor ("You" or “Your” or “Yourself”) may use or correspond with this Website (“Our Site”), which is owned by the U.S. Green Building Council, Inc. (“We” or “Us” or “Our”).
We respect Your privacy interests and operate this Site by these principles. We have taken reasonable steps to protect the integrity and confidentiality of the Personal Data (defined below) that You may provide. This statement (together with the Terms) sets out the basis on which any Personal Data we collect from You, or that You provide to Us, will be processed by Us.
“Personal Data”
is any information that enables us to identify You, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as Your name, identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors specific to Your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
By visiting Our Site https://greenhomeguide.com, You acknowledge that You have read and understood and processes and policies referred to in this Privacy Notice.
Who We Are /
Data Controller
The entity controlling the processing of Your Personal Data is U. S. Green Building Council Inc. a company incorporated in Washington, DC, USA. The contact details of the controller are as follows:
Address: 2101 L St. NW, Suite 500, Washington, DC 20037, USA.
If You have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please contact us using the Contact Us (insert link) section on Our Site. Alternatively, You can contact us using the following information:
Email: info@usgbc.org
Phone: +1-800-795-1747
Information That May be Collected
We may collect information about You by the following means:
(a) Cookies
Please note that We use “cookies,” which are small files stored on Your computer’s hard drive that are used to track certain information. These cookies enable Us to track and target the interests of Our users to enhance their experience on Our Site. For example, cookies usually allow Your browser to remember which pages You have visited and help Us to know how much traffic Our pages receive. This process does not reveal any personal information about the person viewing the page (such as a username or password) unless the person has previously given such information. Please see Our Cookies Statement, available at this link:
http://greenhomeguide.com/cookie-policy
When You first access the Site, You will receive a message advising You that cookies are in use. By continuing to browse the Site, You agree to Our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Notice. You may refuse cookies by activating the setting on Your browser that allows You to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if You select this setting You may be unable to access certain parts of Our Site. Unless You have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, Our system will issue cookies when You log on to/ visit our Site.
(b)
Information provided by You in the forms in Our Site including, but not limited to, creation of user accounts
We may collect and process the following information about You:
a) Information regarding Your name, employer name, email address, postal address and telephone number that You provide in connection with the use of Our Site;
b) Information about Your computer, including where available Your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. (
Disclaimer: This is statistical data about Our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and typically does not identify any individual, however it may constitute as Personal Data, as defined herein
.)
(c) Log Files
In addition, Our Web server collects and saves the default information customarily logged by World Wide Web server software. Our logs contain the following information for each request: date, time, originating IP address and domain name, object requested, and completion status of the request. We use these logs to help improve Our service by evaluating the level of demand for Our Site and detecting any errors on Our Site that might occur. These logs may be kept for an indefinite length of time and used at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and protect the integrity of the data on Our servers.
Purpose And Legal Basis For Processing
Personal Data is processed based on Your consent for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice. We will only process Your Personal Data, including sharing it with third parties, where (1) You have provided Your consent which can by withdrawn at any time, (2) the processing it necessary for the performance of a contract to which You are a party, (3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protect Your vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests, except where such interests are overridden by Your rights and interests.
We will use this Personal Data for:
a) Ensuring that content from Our Site is presented in the most effective manner for You and for Your computer;
b) Providing You with information, products or services that You request from Us or which We feel may interest You where You have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
c) Carrying out Our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between You and Us;
d) Allowing You to participate in interactive features of Our service, when You choose to do so;
e) Organizing events that You have purchased or registered for and providing You with related information,
f) Responding to Your questions and concerns;
g) Notifying You about changes to Our service(s), including but not limited to membership;
h) Transferring Your information as part of a merger or sale of the business;
i) Tracking Your use of Our products and services, and to be able to create newer and better products, as needed;
j) Keeping Our Site safe and secure, and addressing any troubleshooting concerns, as well as testing, research and statistical purposes.
Note: Billing information is collected through a secure server and is not shared with other organizations other than the credit card issuing entity. Your credit card number is not retained once Your transaction has been authorized and processed. We retain the right to disclose collected information, including Your Personal Data, if required to do so by law or if acting on a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect Our rights or property or to respond to an emergency situation.
Where the processing of Your Personal Data is based on Your consent only, You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. We will then stop processing Your Personal Data. You may withdraw or modify Your consent by contacting Us by mail or e-mail at the addresses indicated above at the address provided above. Please attach to Your request a copy of an official identity document.
When we share and who can access Your Personal Data
We may share Your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice with:
Our group companies, subsidiaries, affiliates and partner organizations;
Authorized sub-contractors;
· Analytics and search engine providers that assist Us in the improvement and optimization of Our Site;
Trusted third-party companies and individuals;
· In the event that we sell or buy business or assets, We will disclose Your Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
For the purposes mentioned above, We will only transfer Your Personal Data to trusted third parties who provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organizational security measures governing the processing to be carried out and who can demonstrate a commitment to compliance with those measures. For any transfer of Personal Data outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to third parties, We will ensure there is adequate protection under European law.
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY: Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of Your Personal Data with third parties. If You reside in California and have provided Your Personal Data to Us, You may request information about Our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Data to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Such requests may be submitted to Us via the contact information provided above.
Your Rights
You have the rights to request from Us, amongst others:
a) Access to a number of information concerning Your Personal Data and the way We are processing them;
b) Rectification of inaccurate or incorrect Personal Data;
c) Erasure of Personal Data;
d) Restriction of or objection to processing Personal Data;
e) Oppose and cease to use Your Personal Data for any direct marketing purpose; and
f) To receive Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, enabling You to transmit the data to another controller.
To exercise Your rights or for more information on the full extent of Your rights, please contact Us by mail or e-mail at the addresses indicated above. Please attach to Your request a copy of an official identity document.
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If You follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before You submit any Personal Data to these websites.
Complaint
If You believe Your data is unlawfully processed by U.S Green Building Council Inc., You may lodge a complaint with the local Data Protection Authority in the country of Your residence.
Time We Keep Your Personal Data
We may retain Your Personal Data during the term of the Agreement including the time You avail any Services from Us, and thereafter for the maximum period as specified or required under the applicable laws, including the applicable laws in the United States of America, for storage or archival purposes. Please be aware that United States does not have uniform laws in place regarding data storage and destruction.
Security
Your Personal Data will be stored in Our servers located in the United States of America. We have taken appropriate and adequate measures to safeguard and secure Your Personal Data.
Our Site takes reasonable precautions to protect Our users’ information. Please note, however, that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not necessarily secure from interception, and We do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of transmissions. We reserve the right to update or otherwise alter Our security practices if and when it seems appropriate to do so. As with Our Terms and Conditions https://www.usgbc.org/terms, You should check Our Security provisions each time You visit Our Site to identify and understand any changes made since Your previous visit.
We are headquartered in the United States. Your Personal Data may be accessed by Us or transferred to Us in the United States or to our affiliates, partners, merchants or service providers who are located worldwide. If You are visiting Our Site from outside the United States, be aware that Your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States, where our servers are located, and our central database is located. By using Our Service(s), You consent to any transfer of this information.
Notification of Changes
If We decide to change Our approach to privacy, We will post those changes to this Privacy Notice so that users are always aware of what information We collect, how We use it, and under what circumstances We disclose it. Changes to the Privacy Notice will be dated, and will be effective from the date specified forward. As with Our Terms and Conditions https://www.usgbc.org/terms, You should check Our Privacy Notice each time You visit Our Site to identify and understand any changes made since Your previous visit. However, where appropriate, the changes to the Privacy Notice will be notified to You by e-mail.
This Notice was last updated as of May 25, 2018