http://www.firesafe.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to preserving the privacy of all our account holders, customers and visitors to our website at http://www.firesafe.co.uk (the “Website”). Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect information that you provide to us.
Who we are
We are General Contracting (UK) Limited a company registered in Bermuda under company number FC17178 with our registered office at Canons Court, 22 Victoria Street, PO Box HM1179, Hamilton, Bermuda. Our principal place of business is at 141 Farmer Ward Road, Kenilworth, Warwickshire, CV8 2SU. General Contracting (UK) Limited is entered in the Information Commissioners Register of Data Controllers with registration no. Z6174949. Please see the Contact Us page for our contact information.
How we collect information
If you apply to open an account with us you will be asked to complete a Credit Account Application Form and to provide certain information about yourself and your business. This may include contact details and trade references. We will collect information from you if you register to use this Website, or if you order goods or services from us either online (i.e. via this Website) or offline. We may also collect information which you voluntarily submit via forms, surveys or feedback forms or via interactive areas that appear on our Website from time to time. We collect information about the usage of our Website using cookies and Google Analytics (see below).
WHAT WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR
If you apply to open an account with us, we will use your information to verify your identity and to process your application. We may also carry out Credit Reference Searches as described below. If you register to use this Website or order goods or services from us we will use your information to administer your account and to process any order which you place with us. We may use your information for marketing purposes (for example to send you information about our products, services and any promotions) unless you have asked us not to. We will use your information to provide you with access to our Website and to personalise the content of this Website. We may use your information to carry out marketing analysis and to make general improvements to our Website or the products or services we offer. We may also contact you from time to time for feedback on your use or our goods, services or Website.
WITH WHOM WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information with our group companies from time to time for administrative purposes and so they can provide you with any information, products or services you have requested. We may allow third parties who supply services to us or who process information on our behalf (for example our online payment provider or credit reference agencies) incidental access to your information. However, we will ensure that they keep your information secure and do not use it for their own purposes. We may share your information with another organisation which buys our company or our assets or to whom we transfer our agreement with you and in the course of any negotiations which may or may not lead to such a transfer or sale. We will disclose your information if we are required to by law. We may disclose your information to enforcement authorities if they ask us to, or to a third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings, provided we can do so without breaching data protection laws.
CREDIT REFERENCE SEARCHES
When you apply to open a credit account with us we will check personal and business records at credit reference agencies. When credit reference agencies receive a search from us they will place a footprint on your credit file that may be seen by other companies and lenders. They may supply us with both public information (including information from the electoral register and information concerning CCJs) as well as shared credit and fraud prevention information. We will make these checks to verify identities, for assessing your application for credit and to prevent and detect crime. We may also make periodic searches with credit reference agencies to manage your account, to trace your whereabouts or to recover debts. If you give us false or inaccurate information and we suspect or identify fraud we may record this and may also pass this information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention. You can contact the credit reference agencies currently operating in the UK for details of the information they hold about you. The information they hold about you may not be the same so it is worth contacting them all. They will charge a small statutory fee.
CALL CREDIT
Consumer Services Team PO Box 491, Leeds, LS3 1WZ or call 0870 0601414.
EQUIFAX PLC
Credit File Advice Centre, PO Box 3001, Bradford, BD1 5US or call 0870 010 0583 or log on to www.myequifax.co.uk.
EXPERIAN
Consumer Help Service, PO Box 8000, Nottingham NG80 7WF or call 0870 241 6212 or log on to www.experian.co.uk.
COOKIES
Cookies are small text files that are transferred from our Website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. They enable our Website to “remember” who you are. We use cookies to track visitor use of our Website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. If you register to use this Website we will also use cookies to remember who you are when you visit or use our Website. If you purchase goods via our Website we will also use cookies to remember what is in your shopping basket. We also use the Google Analytics Tool to collect and analyse Website statistics. Google Analytics require us to reproduce the following wording in our privacy policy: This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process information on Googles behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but you should be able to configure your browser to restrict cookies or block all cookies if you wish. If you disable cookies you should still be able to use the Website but it may adversely affect your ability to use certain areas. More information about cookies, including browser-specific instructions on how to restrict or block cookies may be found on the website at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
TRANSFERRING YOUR INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF EUROPE
As part of the services we offer to our customers and account holders we may transfer the information you provide to us to countries outside of Europe. This may happen if one of our servers or service providers is located outside of Europe. For example we currently use the services of a US based company to manage our email marketing lists and campaigns on our behalf. Countries outside of Europe may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. If we transfer your information outside of Europe in this way we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this policy.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to see any information we hold about you on payment of a statutory fee, which is currently £10.
You have the right to correct any errors in information we hold about you. Please inform us about changes to your details so that we can keep our records accurate and up to date.
You have the right to opt out of receiving any marketing material from us or any third party at any time.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will from time to time update and make changes to this policy. We recommend that you revisit this privacy policy frequently, and ideally each time you visit our Website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 13 August 2009.
Links
If you follow a link from any of our websites to another site, this policy will no longer apply. We are not responsible for the information handling practices of third party sites and we encourage you to read the privacy policies appearing on those sites.
Further Information
If you have any queries about the information we hold on you, or would like to exercise your rights set out above, please contact us by email on pamela.canterbury@pikapak.co.uk. Further information about data protection issues including the online Register of Data Controllers can be found on the Information Commissioners site at http://www.ico.gov.uk.