http://www.haloelectronics.com/terms-of-use/
Close window [X]
650-903-3800
Welcome to the HALO Web site. HALO makes this site available to you subject to the following Terms of Use. We hope that you find this Web site informative and useful. HALO encourages you to provide your comments to us, at info@haloelectronics.com, on how we can improve our service or make our site more useful. By using this site, you accept these Terms of Use, which HALO may change at any time without notice. Accordingly, you should periodically visit this page to determine the current Terms of Use to which you are bound. HALO reserves the right to terminate this Web site at any time and without notice.
This Web site is directed to those individuals and entities located in the Americas, Europe and Asia. It is not directed to any person or entity in any jurisdiction where (by reason of nationality, residence, citizenship or otherwise) the publication or availability of the Web site and its content, including its products and services, are unavailable or otherwise contrary to local laws or regulations. If this applies to you, you are not authorized to access or use any of the information on this Web Site. HALO makes no representation that the content is appropriate. Those who choose to access this Web site outside the afore mentioned areas, do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Statement to understand our practices. The HALO Privacy Policy statement also governs your visit to the HALO Web site.
Copyrights
All materials on this site are the property of HALO unless otherwise specified. Without HALO´s prior written permission, you may not copy, modify, display, or prepare derivative works based upon the materials on this site. You may, however, make a copy of the materials for your personal, non-commercial use. Also, any product or service referenced on this site may be subject to other proprietary rights reserved by HALO. No license is granted to any product or service by virtue of this Web site. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. This site displays summary product information only, designed to aid the customer in selecting HALO products. Data is subject to change without notice.
Trademarks
The HALO logo, FastJack, Tele-Pro and other product trademarks are registered trademarks of HALO. Other HALO graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, and scripts are trademarks or trade dress of HALO. Other brand and product names mentioned herein may be registered or unregistered trademarks of their respective owners and are annotated.
Product Descriptions and Product Warranties
HALO attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. Specific warranties applicable to HALO products and services are furnished at the time of sale.
Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation on Liability
This site is provided by halo on an “as is” and “as available” basis. HALO makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site, or the information, content or materials included on this site. to the full extent permissible by applicable law, halo disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. halo will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
Links
While this site may contain links to third-party sites, HALO is not responsible for the content of any linked sites. HALO provides these links as a convenience only and does not endorse the owners or contents of any linked sites.
Applicable Law
By visiting the HALO Web site, you agree that the laws of the state of Nevada, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this Terms of Use and any dispute of any kind that might arise between you and HALO relating to this site.
DMCA
HALO has adopted the following copyright infringement procedures in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) . DMCA Claims must be sent to HALO’s Designated Agent in writing and include the following:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
HALO’s Designated Agent for claims of copyright infringement under the DMCA can be reached at:
ATTN: JP Heaton
2880 Lakeside Drive, Suite 116
Santa Clara, CA 95054
Email: copyright@haloelectronics.com
Please be aware that HALO may provide copies of notices and counter-notices to the parties to the dispute, or to third parties. This Privacy Policy does not protect your personal information provided in connection with these notices and counter-notices.
This site uses cookies to analyze traffic to this site. Find out more.Okay, thanks