http://www.amwa.net/privacy
Skip to main content
Menu
Contact Us
Log in
Search
About
Advocacy
Newsletters
Events
Research & Resources
Membership
We respect the privacy of all individuals and our Privacy Policy is in place to help protect that privacy. This policy addresses activities from our servers. Other sites may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed or controlled by this policy.
What Organization is Collecting the Information
The Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies (AMWA) is an organization of the largest publicly owned drinking water systems in the United States. AMWA's membership serves more than 125 million Americans with drinking water from Alaska to Puerto Rico.
Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you when you visit our Web site (other than the standard information automatically collected and stored in the Web logs) unless you choose to provide it to us.
Specifically, we collect information when you send an e-mail to us, send us feedback, register for a conference, etc.
AMWA will not share any information collected with a third party. We do not sell your e-mail address, your name, or personal demographic information to any mass marketers or any other organizations.
Cookies (a message given to a Web browser by a Web server) are used on this site.
Information Collected by Server Logs
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
Your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address. (An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you go on the Web.)
Your Internet Service Provider (ISP).
The Internet address of the Web site, if any, from which you came to our site.
The date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent visiting the site.
The name and version of your computer's operating system and browser.
The pages you visit.
We use this information to help us make the site more useful to visitors - to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
Notification of Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Web site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.