http://www.icsconnect.com/global-terms-and-conditions
We use cookies and tracking technologies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and improve the website.
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you expressly agree to our use of cookies and tracking technologies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
If you wish to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics you can opt-out below.
Accept Cookies
Google Analytics Opt-Out
Our NetworkContactNews and Events
Terms and Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ AND REVIEW THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE
AmerisourceBergen Corporation (“AmerisourceBergen”), and its subsidiaries and affiliates maintain this AmerisourceBergen.com web site (this “Web Site”) and related websites that refer to these Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms of Use”) as a service to its customers and prospective customers. These Terms of Use constitute an agreement between you and AmerisourceBergen, and are sometimes referred to herein as “this Agreement”. The terms “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to AmerisourceBergen, and the terms “you” or “yours” refers to you, as user of this Web Site.  If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, you should not access or use this Web Site and you must terminate your use immediately.
Proceeding to use this Web Site indicates your acknowledgment you have read and accepted these Terms of Use. You also represent that you are at least 18 years of age and possess the legal capacity to enter into this Agreement. You may print a copy of these Terms of Use for your records at any time by using the “print” function on your Internet browser.
Copyrights, Trademarks, and IP Rights Generally
AmerisourceBergen enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent allowed by law. The entire contents of this Web Site are copyrighted under United States’ copyright laws by AmerisourceBergen. No part of this Web Site may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted or retransmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of AmerisourceBergen. You may print and download portions of material from the different areas of this Web Site solely for your own informational, non-commercial, individual and internal reference, provided that you reproduce the copyright notice which appears at the end of these Terms of Use. Any content, software and other material downloaded from this Web Site (“Content”) are the property of AmerisourceBergen or its licensors and is protected by United States and international copyright and intellectual property laws and treaty provisions. All rights to patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and other intangible property rights in the Content or any modifications to it shall remain in AmerisourceBergen and its licensors. To the extent any Content consists of software, you may not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create derivative works based on the Content, or remove any proprietary notices or labels that it contains. Subject to the foregoing, you may make: (a) one machine-readable copy, (b) one backup copy, and (c) one print copy of any portions of material downloaded from different areas of this Web Site solely for your own informational, non-commercial, individual reference, provided that you reproduce the copyright notice which appears at the end of these Term of Use Copyrights. Any other copying, distribution or publication is strictly prohibited without the express prior written consent of AmerisourceBergen. Any unauthorized use terminates any permission or license granted by AmerisourceBergen.
AmerisourceBergen service and product names are trademarks and/or service marks of AmerisourceBergen Corporation, it affiliates and/or its subsidiaries. These and all other names, logos and marks on this Web Site are owned or licensed by AmerisourceBergen and may not be used by you without express prior written permission from AmerisourceBergen.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on this Web Site in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information: (1) an electronic or physical signature of the copyright owner or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; (2) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (3) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on this Web Site; (4) your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; (5) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (6) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in subsections (1) – (5) above in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.  Any notification by a copyright owner or a person authorized to act on its/their behalf that fails to comply with requirements of the DMCA shall not be considered sufficient notice and shall not be deemed to confer upon AmerisourceBergen actual knowledge of facts or circumstances from which infringing material or acts are evident. Claims of copyright infringement can be sent to the following address:
AmerisourceBergen Corporation
227 Washington Street
Conshohocken, PA 19428
Attn:  General Counsel
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a copyright infringement notice. You should note that there can be penalties for false claims under the DMCA.
Privacy Statement
AmerisourceBergen has a privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) that sets forth the privacy policies and practices of AmerisourceBergen as they relate to the collection, use, processing and disclosure of information in connection with your use of this Web Site. The Privacy Statement is incorporated into these Terms of Use by reference, as if set forth fully herein. Any changes to the Privacy Statement will be automatically incorporated into the Terms of Use, effective upon posting of such changes.
User-Provided Information and User-Generated Content
Any questions, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, or the like (collectively, “Feedback”) you provide through this Website is without obligation of any kind, and AmerisourceBergen will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute such Feedback to others without limitation. You agree to grant to AmerisourceBergen a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license, with the right to use, sublicense, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any Feedback, including any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas for new or improved products and services) you submit to AmerisourceBergen through this Web Site (including through e-mail, bulletin boards, forums or news groups) by any means and in any medium. To the extent permitted under the Privacy Statement accessed by clicking Privacy Statement, You also grant to AmerisourceBergen the right to use your name in connection with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with all advertising and promotional material related to it. You agree that you will have no recourse against AmerisourceBergen for any infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your Feedback and communications to us.
You understand and agree that e-mail submissions over the Internet may not be secure and are subject to the risk of interception by third parties. You agree not to submit or transmit any communication or materials through this Web Site that (i) is defamatory, threatening, obscene or harassing, (ii) violates the legal rights of others or breach any legal duty owed to others, (iii) contains a virus, worm, Trojan horse or any other harmful component, (iv) incorporates copyrighted or other confidential or proprietary material of any third party without that party’s permission or (iv) otherwise violates any applicable laws or regulations. AmerisourceBergen shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any information or materials that you submit online except as (x) specified in these Terms of Use, (y) set forth in the Privacy Statement or (z) set forth in any additional terms and conditions relating to specific products or services, or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law or regulation.
Inclusion of Other Notices and Terms
This Web Site may contain other notices, terms and conditions and copyright information, the terms of all of which must be observed and followed. Information provided on this Web Site does not constitute an offer to sell any particular product or service or engage in any other commercial transaction until AmerisourceBergen accepts your order or the parties enter into a mutual agreement. You may have other agreements with AmerisourceBergen. Those agreements are separate and in addition to these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use do not modify, revise or amend the terms of any other agreements you may have with AmerisourceBergen.
Links
Links in this Web Site may allow you to leave AmerisourceBergen’s Web Site or be sent to another third-party’s website. AmerisourceBergen is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link neither implies endorsement by AmerisourceBergen of the linked site nor obligates you to click the link. Third-party linked sites are not under the control of AmerisourceBergen and AmerisourceBergen is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites. You are responsible for taking precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as infection viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other code that manifests contaminating or destructive properties, and other items of a harmful or destructive nature. It is also your responsibility to review the privacy statements on any linked sites, as their privacy rules and standards may be different than AmerisourceBergen’s and AmerisourceBergen is not responsible for their privacy statements or practices. You should also review the terms and conditions of any linked sites. AmerisourceBergen welcomes bookmarks and links to its Web Site for lawful purposes. You are free to establish a hypertext link to this Web Site as long as the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by AmerisourceBergen or any of its affiliates. AmerisourceBergen reserves the right, in its sole discretion at any time, to deny any request, or rescind any permission granted, to link to this Web Site and to require termination of any such link to this Web Site. You may not frame any content of this Web Site or utilize any framing techniques in any way, including but not limited to enclosing any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including, but not limited to, images, text, page layout, or form), without AmerisourceBergen’s prior written consent. You may also not incorporate any intellectual property contained on this Web Site or owned by AmerisourceBergen or its licensors. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing AmerisourceBergen’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of AmerisourceBergen. IN NO EVENT WILL AMERISOURCEBERGEN, ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSOCIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION DAMAGES EVEN IF AMERISOURCEBERGEN OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN SPECIFICALLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, FOR ANY USE OF THE LINKED SITES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION.
Connected Devices
Use of this Web Site may (i) require compatible devices (e.g., personal computer, mobile phone, tablets and other consumer electronic devices), Internet access or Wi-Fi, certain software and wireless plans with necessary wireless data features; (ii) require periodic updates; and (iii) be affected by the performance of the factors set forth herein. Your use of mobile device features may result in increased charges from your wireless carrier.
Limits on Accuracy
This Web Site is as a service by AmerisourceBergen to provide information about its products and services. AmerisourceBergen Information makes reasonable efforts to make information contained on this Web Site accurate at the time it is created. However, information may become outdated over time. It is important that you rely on the advice of an appropriate professional when interpreting and using this information. Nothing contained on this Web Site is to be construed as medical, legal, investment, financial or other advice, or any instruction or guidance regarding any products supplied or distributed by AmerisourceBergen. The information on this Web Site is not intended to be a substitute for such advice.  AmerisourceBergen makes no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of any information on this Web Site.  All users agree that all access to and use of this Web Site is at their own risk.  Information on this Web Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. AmerisourceBergen may also make improvements and changes in the products and services described in this Web Site at any time without notice.
Forward Looking Statements
Material on this Web Site may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements and phrases may include words like “believe”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “predict”, “may”, “hope”, “can”, “will”, “should”, “expect”, “intend”, “is designed to”, “with the intent”, “potential”, or the negative of these words or such other variations thereon or comparable terminology.  The absence of any such word does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking.  The absence of any such word does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are intended to communicate expectations regarding future events. AmerisourceBergen’s actual performance or conditions may differ significantly from such statements. By nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainties and sometimes turn out to be wrong or inaccurate. You should not place undue reliance on any such statements. Factors that can affect accuracy of forward-looking statements are included in AmerisourceBergen’s periodic filings with the SEC, including its most recent Form 10-K. AmerisourceBergen has no obligation to update or revise the statements made herein or the factors referred to herein.
Products/Programs Not Available Everywhere
Information AmerisourceBergen publishes on this Web Site may contain references or cross-references to AmerisourceBergen products and services that are not announced or available in your locale. Such references do not imply that AmerisourceBergen intends to announce such products or services in your locale. To ensure that you have current and accurate information about products and services of interest to you, please contact your local AmerisourceBergen representative.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use
As a condition of your use of this Web Site and Content, you agree not to use this Web Site or its Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You agree not to use this Web Site or its Content in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any AmerisourceBergen server, or the network(s) connected to any AmerisourceBergen server, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of this Web Site and its Content. You agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to this Web Site, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any AmerisourceBergen server or to this Web Site, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You also agree to not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through this Web Site or its Content.
Disclaimer and Limit on Damages
You understand that AmerisourceBergen cannot and does not guarantee that Content available from or on this Web Site will be free of infection, viruses or other code that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to this Web Site for the reconstruction of any lost data. You assume all responsibility and risk for your use of this Web Site, including your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all material and reports provided through or generated by this Web Site. AmerisourceBergen does not warrant that this Web Site will be uninterrupted or error-free or that defects in this Web Site will be corrected. Content, including any software provided on this Web Site and related communications, are provided “as is” for information purposes only and AmerisourceBergen makes no guarantee or warranty with respect to correctness, reliability, accuracy or appropriateness of the material or the results obtained from the use of the services provided on this Web Site. You agree that use of this Web Site is at your own risk. In addition, all warranties, either express or implied, are hereby disclaimed, including warranties of performance, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose (even if AmerisourceBergen or its authorized representatives have been advised of the possibility of any such purpose), or non-infringement. AmerisourceBergen has no obligation or duty to update any information on this Web Site.
IN NO EVENT WILL AMERISOURCEBERGEN, ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSOCIATES, OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, HOSTING OR DISTRIBUTING THIS WEB SITE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF AMERISOURCEBERGEN OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, FOR ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO USE OF THIS WEB SITE, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES DUE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THIS WEB SITE OR CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL DOWNLOADED THROUGH OR HYPER LINKED FROM THIS WEB SITE. IN ANY EVENT, THE TOTAL OF ALL DAMAGES, INCLUDING DIRECT DAMAGES (WHETHER GROUNDED IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS WEB SITE, OR THE RESULTS OBTAINED THEREFROM, WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF ALL SUMS PAID BY YOU TO AMERISOURCEBERGEN FOR SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THISF WEB SITE DURING THE ONE (1) MONTH PRIOR TO THE DATE ON WHICH SUCH DAMAGES WERE FIRST INCURRED, OR IF YOU DO NOT PAY FOR ANY SERVICES RENDERED TO YOU THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, $100. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, AMERISOURCEBERGEN’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Product Warranty
By using the ordering system set forth on this Web Site, you acknowledge that AmerisourceBergen is not the manufacturer of any such products, and EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, AMERISOURCEBERGEN DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, FOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. No oral or written information provided by AmerisourceBergen, its employees or other representatives will create any such warranty.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless AmerisourceBergen and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third-party information providers to this Web Site from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any information you provide or from any violation of this Agreement by you.
Waiver and Release
You hereby release and forever waive any and all claims you may have against AmerisourceBergen, its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, associates, representatives and suppliers for losses or damages you sustain in connection with your use of this Web Site. This waiver may not apply to gross negligence by AmerisourceBergen or any other claims that cannot be lawfully waived or limited.
Term and Termination
AmerisourceBergen may terminate your right to use this Web Site at any time, with or without cause. You are under no obligation to use or continue to use this Web Site. AmerisourceBergen may terminate, suspend or discontinue any functionality or feature of this Web Site at any time without notice. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any such termination. However, if you have an agreement with AmerisourceBergen that provides for the operation of such functionality, AmerisourceBergen will continue employing such functionality subject to the terms and conditions of that agreement.
Applicable Law
To the extent there is a conflict between any provision of this Agreement and any present law or regulation contrary to which the parties may not agree, such law or regulation will prevail; however, in such event, the affected provisions will be limited only to the extent necessary to bring them within the requirements of the law and to otherwise carry out the purposes of this Agreement. By accessing or using this Web Site, you agree it is intended to be accessed and used only within the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, and will be only construed according to United States law. Any access or use from other locations is subject to your compliance with all applicable local laws, and AmerisourceBergen will not be held responsible or liable for your use of this Web Site in such other locations. AmerisourceBergen makes no representation that material on this Web Site is appropriate outside the United States, Canada or the United Kingdom. Information concerning pharmaceutical distribution services applies only to services provided within these countries and is subject to all applicable state and local laws.
General
This Agreement will all be governed and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania applicable to agreements made and to be performed in Pennsylvania. You agree that any legal action or proceeding between AmerisourceBergen and you for any purpose concerning this Agreement or the parties’ obligations hereunder will be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Chester County, Pennsylvania, USA. Any claim or cause of action you may have with respect to this Web Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or such claim or cause of action is barred. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to AmerisourceBergen. AmerisourceBergen’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice will act to modify any provision of this Agreement. AmerisourceBergen may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you. All provisions of this Agreement will be deemed to be severable. This Agreement and its related documents supersede all prior oral and written representations and agreements, which may have been entered into by the parties to this Agreement that relate to the subject matter of this Agreement. Captions in this Agreement are intended for convenience of reference only. Words used in this Agreement, regardless of the number and gender specifically used, will be construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine, or neuter, as the context requires. This Agreement will benefit, and be binding upon, the successors and assigns of the parties to this Agreement. Neither party to this Agreement will be liable for its failure to perform an obligation under this Agreement if that failure results from any cause, except financial, beyond that party’s reasonable control. Any provision of this Agreement may survive this Agreement’s termination if the provision’s context shows that the parties to this Agreement intended the provision to survive.
AmerisourceBergen Corporation
Corporate Headquarters
227 Washington Street
Conshohocken, PA 19428
Phone: 1-800-829-3132
E-mail: info@amerisourcebergen.com
Updates and Modifications to Terms of Use
These Terms of Use become effective on May 25, 2018. AmerisourceBergen may update and modify this Agreement at any time and from time to time, and such updates and modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated/modified Agreement. You agree to review this Agreement periodically to be aware of such updates and modifications and your continued access or use of this Web Site after any updates and modifications will be deemed your conclusive acceptance of the updated/modified Agreement.
© Copyright AmerisourceBergen Corporation – January 2020