https://www.policy.iastate.edu/electronicprivacy
Skip Navigation
menu
Sign-ons
CyMail
Outlook
Canvas
AccessPlus
Workday
More
Directory
Maps
Contact Us
Index
ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
Policy Library
Home
About
Policy Index
Feedback
menu
Browse by Category
Academics
Business & Administration
Facilities & Property
Information & Technology
Personnel, Conduct & Human Relations
Research & Intellectual Property
Safety & Health
Student Life
Handbooks & Manuals
Faculty Handbook
Graduate College Handbook
Regents Policy Manual
University Catalog
Other Resources
University Forms
Records Retention Schedule
ISU Compliance and Ethics Hotline
Electronic Privacy
Effective: November 8, 2012
Contact: Information Technology Services (ITS)
Contents
IntroductionPolicy Statement1. Privacy and Confidentiality2. Exceptions to Privacy of Information2.1 State and Federal Law
2.2 Proxy Access to Accounts Necessary to Conduct Business or Research
2.3 Investigations
2.4 Official University Business
2.5 Internal Administrative Disclosure
2.6 Maintenance of Iowa State University Network and Systems
2.7 Legal Disclosure Requests
2.8 Health and Safety Emergency
2.9 Authorization2.10 Cookie PrivacyResources
Introduction
Iowa State University is required by federal and state laws to keep certain information confidential. Privacy and confidentiality must be balanced with the need for the university to manage and maintain networks and systems against improper use and misconduct.
Policy Statement
1. Privacy and Confidentiality
To the extent permitted by law and university policy, Iowa State University maintains and protects both the privacy of individuals and the confidentiality of official information stored on its information technology (IT) systems. While the university permits limited incidental use of its IT resources, users of those resources do not acquire an expectation of privacy in communications transmitted or stored on university information technology resources. In order to comply with the law, university officials may have direct access to stored information as described below.top
2. Exceptions to Privacy of Information
Data traversing or stored in university systems are subject to disclosure requests under public records law, under subpoena, and in the discovery process in litigation. Iowa State University may preserve, access, monitor, or disclose information containing all classes of data as described in the data classification policy (see Resources below) residing on its information networks and systems in the following situations:
2.1 State and Federal Law
All information including the personal, academic, or research data and files residing on university systems is subject to state and federal laws and regulations requiring its disclosure, including laws on public records, court-ordered disclosure, and discovery in litigation.
2.2 Proxy Access to Accounts Necessary to Conduct Business or Research
Faculty and staff may need access to accounts of other faculty and staff when that individual is not available but access is needed to conduct university business or further research. Approval to access the account should be given either by prior proxy access to the individual's account or by written recommendation and justification by the individual's department chair or director and approval by a senior vice president or the senior vice president and provost or other designee acting on the basis of university policy and law.
2.3 Investigations
Iowa State University may preserve, access, or monitor accounts and equipment during the course of an investigation of misconduct, violations of law, or violations of university policy by students or employees. Access must be approved in writing by the senior vice president for operations and finance, senior vice president and provost, or other designee acting on the basis of university policy and law. In accessing the account or equipment, university officials are expected to avoid accessing information that is personal and irrelevant to the investigation.top
2.4 Official University Business
As part of their assigned responsibilities, Iowa State University faculty and staff may have access to all classes of data and are restricted to using it only for purposes associated with the requirements of their position.
2.5 Internal Administrative Disclosure
Disclosure or use of any information containing data with a high or moderate security category for extraordinary circumstances must be approved in writing by the senior vice president for operations and finance, senior vice president and provost, or other designee acting on the basis of university policy and law.
2.6 Maintenance of Iowa State University Network and Systems
Iowa State University reserves the right to maintain its information systems; to audit networks and systems on a periodic basis to ensure compliance with security policies; and to locate and resolve security breaches or other situations that potentially impact the reliability, robustness, or security of the campus network and systems infrastructure. Individuals performing these functions or others may have access to information containing all classes of data and are restricted to using it only for purposes associated with their position.top
2.7 Legal Disclosure Requests
Iowa State University may preserve, access, and disclose information contained in its IT systems in response to a lawfully issued records request, subpoena, court order, or other compulsory legal process (“disclosure request”). To the extent possible and practical, the account holders for email and electronic files will be notified in advance of access or disclosure.
The public records officer, the research integrity officer or an attorney in the office of university counsel may order preservation of electronic records to comply with a disclosure request or to preserve records for purposes that may relate to pending investigations or litigation.
Access to email and electronic files must first be approved by the senior vice president for operations and finance, senior vice president and provost, or the president. Upon approval, attorneys in the office of university counsel may request or conduct targeted searches of electronic files to find material relevant to the disclosure request. In accessing the files, attorneys shall limit access to material that is relevant to the disclosure request.
2.8 Health and Safety Emergency
In the event of a health or safety emergency, Iowa State University may preserve, access, or disclose information containing all classes of data necessary and relevant to addressing the emergency situation.
2.9 Authorization
Iowa State University may preserve, access, or disclose information containing all classes of data relating to an individual student or employee upon the written authorization of the individual student or employee.2.10 Cookie PrivacyIowa State University complies with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as it relates to the use of cookies. ISU’s Cookie Privacy Disclosure (see Resources below) provides information and instructions.top
Resources
LinksAcceptable Use of Information Technology Resources policy
Information Technology Security policy
Office of University Counsel
Public Records Officer
Research Integrity Officer Guru Rao
Data Classification policy
FilesCookie Privacy Disclosure [PDF]
Electronic Privacy [Policy in PDF]
Copyright © 1995-2020, Iowa State University of Science and Technology. All rights reserved.