http://www.wbresearch.com/terms
Worldwide Business Research
Jobs
Conferences
Connect Events
WBR Insights
About Us
Worldwide Terms and Conditions
Payment Terms
Payment should be received by Worldwide Business Research (WBR) within 7 days of the invoice date or by expiry of given discount date which ever is the earliest. If payment is not received by the offered discount date the higher price will apply. Any booking made in the 14 days prior to the conference must be paid by credit card.
For events within the UK and Europe - payment of invoices other than by means of credit card or purchase order (UK PLC and Government bodies only) will be subject to a processing fee of £49 / €59 or $69 as applicable plus VAT.
Cancellation, Postponement, and Substitution Policy
In-Person Event Cancellation
For events outside of the UK and Europe except Bionetwork - Any cancellations received in writing not less than eight (8) days prior to the conference, you will receive a 90% credit to be used at another WBR conference which must occur within one year from the date of issuance of such credit. An administration fee of 10% of the contract fee will be retained by WBR for all permitted cancellations. No credit will be issued for any cancellations occurring within seven (7) days (inclusive) of the conference.
Bionetwork - Any cancellations received in writing not less than thirty (30) days prior to the conference, you will receive a 75% credit to be used at another WBR conference which must occur within one year from the date of issuance of such credit. An administration fee of 25% of the contract fee will be retained by WBR for all permitted cancellations. No credit will be issued for any cancellations occurring within twenty-nine (29) days (inclusive) of the conference.
For events within the UK and Europe - Any cancellations received in writing not less than twenty two (22) days prior to the conference, you will receive a 90% credit to be used at another WBR conference which must occur within one year from the date of issuance of such credit. An administration fee of 10% of the contract fee will be retained by WBR for all permitted cancellations. No credit will be issued for any cancellations occurring within twenty one (21) days (inclusive) of the conference.
Virtual Event PAID Delegate Cancellation
Any cancellations received in writing not less than three (3) days prior to the conference, you will receive a 100% credit to be used at another WBR conference which must occur within one year from the date of issuance of such credit. No credit will be issued for any cancellations occurring within two (2) days (inclusive) of the conference.
WBR reserves the right to cancel a delegate’s attendance at any time, for any reason. If WBR cancels your attendance, you will be entitled to a full refund of the fee paid.
All Events
In the event that WBR cancels an event for any reason, you will receive a credit for 100% of the contract fee paid. You may use this credit for another WBR event to be mutually agreed with WBR, which must occur within one year from the date of cancellation. In the event that WBR postpones an event for any reason and the delegate is unable or unwilling to attend in on the rescheduled date, you will receive a credit for 100% of the contract fee paid. You may use this credit for another WBR event to be mutually agreed with WBR, which must occur within one year from the date of postponement. Except as specified above, no credits will be issued for cancellations. WBR reserves the right to cancel a delegate’s attendance at any time, for any reason. If WBR cancels your attendance, you will be entitled to a full refund of the fee paid. Other than, where WBR cancels your attendance, there are no refunds given under any other circumstances. WBR is not responsible for any loss or damage as a result of a substitution, alteration or cancellation/postponement of an event or the cancellation of your attendance. WBR shall assume no liability whatsoever in the event this conference is cancelled, rescheduled or postponed due to a fortuitous event, Act of God, unforeseen occurrence or any other event that renders performance of this conference impracticable, illegal or impossible. For purposes of this clause, a fortuitous event shall include, but not be limited to: war, fire, labor strike, extreme weather or other emergency. Please note that while speakers and topics were confirmed at the time of publishing, circumstances beyond the control of the organizers may necessitate substitutions, alterations or cancellations of the speakers and/or topics. As such, WBR reserves the right to alter or modify the advertised speakers and/or topics if necessary without any liability to you whatsoever. Any substitutions or alterations will be updated on our web page as soon as possible.
UK Data Protection (if applicable)
To contact us about updating your communications preferences or removing your details from any Worldwide Business Research Ltd mailing list or website, email dataprotectionofficer@wbresearch.com with the details of your request.
Complimentary Passes Policy (if applicable)
If the event you are registering for advertises complimentary passes, by booking online you agree to WBR charging the “no show” fee displayed on the pricing page or terms and conditions of the website (plus VAT) if you or a nominated replacement fails to attend the main exhibition days of conference (this excludes focus days without exhibition). No charge will be issued for complimentary pass cancellations received in writing more than 22 days before the main two day conference.
Complimentary passes are allocated at the discretion of WBR. Complimentary bookings made online are still subject to verification before final confirmation by WBR of the complimentary pass. If WBR reviews an online complimentary pass registration and considers the company does not fulfil the criteria for the complimentary pass, the complimentary pass can be withdrawn at the discretion of WBR.
Information We Collect
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and personalized experience while using our services. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier and quicker.
Please click on the links below for more information
Cookies
"Session" Cookies
Persistent Cookies for Site Analytics and Performance
DoubleClick (Google)
Google Analytics
Web beacons
Social buttons
External web services
Email tracking
Surveys & Contests
Cookies
We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The following tables describe the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for. Currently we operate an 'implied consent' policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage. If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete WBR cookies having visited the site, or you should browse the site using your browser's anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.)
"Session" Cookies
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and what you've put in the shopping basket. These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
More information on session cookies and what they are used for at www.allaboutcookies.org/About/Cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
Persistent Cookies for Site Analytics and Performance
Google AdSense – this cookie is used by Google to report to us how the adverts shown on our sites are performing. User data is all anonymous.
You can find out more generally about Google and its policies and principles as regards advertising at www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
DoubleClick (Google)
This is very similar to the cookie above (both are owned/controlled by Google) but is specific to the display advertising on our site. User data is anonymous.
As above, you can find out more generally about Google and its policies and principles as regards advertising at www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
Google Analytics
We use this to understand how the site is being used in order to improve the user experience. User data is all anonymous. You can find out more about Google's position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Web beacons
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
Social buttons
On many of the pages of the site you will see 'social buttons'. These enable users to share or bookmark the web pages. There are buttons for: Twitter, Google +1, Facebook 'Like', LinkedIn 'Share', and StumbleUpon. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of WBR. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on WBR's site. So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases these sites will be registering the fact that you are visiting WBR, and the specific pages you are on, even if you don't click on the button if you are logged into their services, like Google and Facebook. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
External web services
We use a number of external web services on the WBR site, mostly to display content within our web pages. For example, to display images we often use Flickr; to display slideshows we sometimes use SlideShare; to show videos we use Vimeo and YouTube. This is not an exhaustive or complete list of the services we use, or might use in the future, when embedding content, but these are the most common. As with the social buttons we cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. If you are not logged in to these external services then they will not know who you are but are likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads etc.
Email tracking
Some emails that we send you have no tracking in at all e.g. service emails. Other emails we send we put in tracking so that we can tell how much traffic those emails send to our site but we do not know who has clicked so the data is anonymous e.g. our daily newsletter. We use Eloqua as an email service provider:
Eloqua employs cookies in order for its server to recognize a return visitor as a unique user. Cookies are small text files placed in the 'Cookies' folder on a visitor's hard disk and allow Eloqua to remember the visitor. The cookies placed by the Eloqua server are readable only by Eloqua, and cookies cannot access, read or modify any other data on a computer. All web-browsers offer the option to refuse any cookie. If a visitor refuses the Eloqua cookie, Eloqua does not gather any information on that visitor, but doing so will require you to re-enter certain information at each visit, or prevent us from customizing the site's features according to your preferences. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive. Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information. We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
For more information on Eloqua's privacy policy: www.eloqua.com/about/privacy/
Surveys & Contests
From time to time our site may request information from users via surveys, contests or for a particular service (e.g. newsletter). Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested will include contact information (as supplied to the site during registration) and supplementary information on your professional interests, opinions and preferences (e.g. choice of software, working practices, opinions on industry issues, feedback on the WBR web sites). We will use the contact information to notify winners. We will not publish winners' details on the site though on request we will provide details of any winner's name and organization. If the survey or contest has a sponsor then we may share information given by entrants with the sponsor, but only with the user's consent. Payment Processing. In order to process payments online we require the billing address for the credit card used and our external payment provider requires your credit card details.
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize your visits and preferences, as well as to measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic.To learn more about cookies, including how to disable them, view our Cookie Policy
Close