http://www.kbhome.com/terms
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICY FOR USE OF THIS WEBSITE ("Terms" or "Terms and Conditions") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users ("Users") of this Website ("Website" or "Site") agree that access to and use of this Site are subject to the following Terms and Conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this Site.
1. General Terms and Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions apply to all use of this Site by Users. By accessing or using the Site, each User agrees to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. KB HOME provides the information, services, text, graphics, links or other material ("Content") on this Site to the User, conditioned on the User's acceptance, without modification, of the Terms and Conditions.
The Content offered on this Site is provided with the understanding that neither KB HOME, nor any of its affiliated entities, is engaged in rendering legal or other professional services or advice. The use of the Site is subject to the additional disclaimers, caveats, and notices that may appear throughout the Site.
2. Disclaimers
KB HOME, its subsidiaries, and its agents assume no responsibility for any consequence relating directly or indirectly to any action or inaction that you take based on the Content on this Site. While KB HOME strives to keep Content on this Site updated, accurate, and complete, KB HOME, its agents, and affiliated entities will not be responsible for any damage or loss related to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the Content.
The Content provided on this Site is intended for informational purposes only and is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation. All homes about which information is provided herein are subject to prior sale. Prospective purchasers must visit a KB HOME Sales Office to purchase a home. Despite the efforts of KB HOME to provide accurate information on this Site, it is not possible to ensure that all information is correct or up to date. KB HOME assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions taken as a result of using this Site, or for errors or omissions in the Content on this server.
THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT CONTAINED HEREIN ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, KB HOME DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, HABITABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. KB HOME DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECT, ACCURATE, ADEQUATE, USEFUL, TIMELY, OR RELIABLE, OR THAT RECEIPT OF THE CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. KB HOME DOES NOT UNDERTAKE TO CORRECT DEFECTS IN THE CONTENT, OR TO ENSURE THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THE SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
3. Limitation of Liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, KB HOME SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE CONTENT IN THIS SITE, EVEN IF KB HOME HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
4. Links to and from This Site
KB HOME does not have responsibility and shall not be liable for the accuracy or availability of information provided by Websites which are linked to the Site via hypertext or other computer "Links." Links to external Websites are provided merely as a convenience to Users and do not constitute an endorsement by KB HOME of such Websites or the content, products, advertising, or other materials presented on such Websites, including any changes or updates thereto.
5. Equal Housing Opportunity
All real estate information provided herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make any such preference, limitation or discrimination." Your state or local jurisdiction may impose additional requirements. KB HOME is pledged to the letter and spirit of the United States policy for the achievement of equal housing opportunity. KB HOME encourages and supports an affirmative advertising and marketing program in which there are no barriers to obtaining housing because of race, color, religion sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin. All dwellings within the United States advertised by KB HOME and its affiliated entities are available on an equal opportunity basis.
6. Specifications, Prices, Terms, Renderings and Other Information
Although every effort has been made to ensure that the prices and terms contained herein are accurate and current, at any time such prices and terms are subject to change, prior sale, selected lot premiums and/or predetermined options. Prices shown refer to the base house and do not include any optional features. Photos and/or drawings of homes show upgraded landscaping and may not represent the lowest-priced homes in the community. KB HOME reserves the right to make changes to its home designs and to build more or fewer homes than currently planned. Community description and amenities are developer's current plans, are not guaranteed, and may change without notice. All renderings and floor plans in these materials are an artists' conceptual drawings and will vary from the actual plans and homes as built. Square footage numbers are approximate and may vary depending on the standard measurement used. KB HOME cannot control future development and does not guarantee the preservation of any view or the natural environment surrounding its communities. Views vary significantly by lot location and may be affected by future development. KB HOME does not guarantee that any communities with guard gates will be guarded in perpetuity or that the gate will provide additional security or protection for residents. Promotional programs are typically available only on select lots at select communities, and typically are not available in conjunction with other offers. Payment of any Broker Co-Op fee will be subject to certain conditions including, but not limited to, completion of a registration card evidencing that the buyer was accompanied by the broker on the first visit to the home. Any photographs or renderings of people in these materials do not depict racial preference. Please consult a KB HOME Sales Representative for specific price or other information for each community.
7. Employment Opportunities
KB HOME is an equal opportunity employer. Nothing in these materials shall constitute an offer of employment. Although KB HOME will use all reasonable efforts to maintain confidential any personal resumes or information submitted to it, KB HOME cannot guarantee that confidentiality will be maintained.
8. Copyright
Copyright ©2003-2020 KB HOME.
The entire Content included in this Site, is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of KB HOME. The collective work includes works that are licensed to KB HOME. Copyright ©2003-2020 KB HOME. All rights reserved.
The Content is provided by KB HOME as a service to the public and is to be used for personal informational purposes only. Any violation of the foregoing conditions or use will subject the User to the possibility of full prosecution under applicable law.
No Content from this Site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except that the User may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific Content, download or print portions of the Content from the different areas of the Site solely for the User's own non-commercial use, or towards making a purchase of a home, provided that the User acknowledges and agrees that all homes about which information is provided herein are subject to prior sale, and that prospective purchasers must visit a KB HOME Sales Office to purchase a home. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the Content of this Site is strictly prohibited. The User further agrees not to change or delete any proprietary notices from Content downloaded from the Site.9. Trademarks
KB Home® KB®  KB Homes®  Built to Order®  Colony Homes™  Dura-Builders®  Home Sweet KB Home™ HouseCALL®  Kaufman and Broad®  1-888-KB-HOMES® 888-KB-HOMES®  KB Happy Home®  KB Urban®  My Home. My Earth.®  The California Series® KB Home Signature® Think Big®  Where Trust is Built®  KB Home Mortgage®  KBHS®  KBHS Home Loans®  KBHS Home Loans LLC®  KB Home Insurance™ KB Home Title Services™ The Open Series®  SimplyLiving®  EPG® KB SmartFlex™  KB Projekt® KB Home Energy Performance Guide® Projekt KB® Where Tomorrow Lives ZeroHouse 2.0® KB Home Portraits™ Only at KB®  eDifference® From House to Home™ KB Home Water Performance Guide®  WPG®  KB Home Greenhouse®  Autumn Winds®
10. Notice
KB HOME may deliver notice to you by means of electronic mail, by general notice on the site, or by written communication delivered by first class U.S. mail to your address on record in KB HOME's account information.
11. Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
KB Home and its employees do not accept, review or consider any unsolicited ideas, works, materials, proposals, suggestions, artwork, content, designs, floorplans, product designs or the like, including for home construction, architectural plans, advertising campaigns, promotions, products, services, technologies, product enhancements, processes, marketing strategies, product names, content or creative materials (collectively, all of the foregoing "Submissions"). Please do not send or provide any Submissions in any form to KB Home or any of its employees online, via mail, FedEx, UPS, courier, email, phone, SMS text message, in person, to our registered agent, or at any of our offices, sales offices, design studios, construction sites, other company properties, industry events, trade shows, or any other means of communication or locations for KB Home and its employees.
The purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes when KB Home's home construction, architectural plans, floorplans, designs, products, product designs, services, technologies, advertising, promotions, marketing strategies or content might seem similar to Submissions provided to KB Home. If, despite our request that you not send us your Submissions, you still submit them, then regardless of what you or your correspondence states, the following terms will apply to your Submissions.
Terms of Idea Submission
You agree that: (1) your Submissions and their contents along with related intellectual property rights will automatically become the property of KB Home, without any compensation to you; (2) KB Home will be free to use, redistribute or disclose the Submissions and their contents for any purpose and in any way on an unrestricted basis without any compensation to you; (3) there is no obligation for KB Home to review the Submissions; (4) there is no obligation to keep any Submissions confidential; (5) your Submissions will expressly be deemed to be non-confidential and not proprietary; and (6) KB Home has no obligation to you, including, but not limited to responding, reviewing, acknowledging, replying, or returning any materials arising out of or related to the Submissions.
12. Applicability of Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy are applicable upon the User's access to the Site. Site users are bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy). These Terms and Conditions may be revised, modified, amended, or supplemented by KB HOME without notice at any time for any reason. These terms and conditions shall apply to all Users regardless of any future transaction or dealings between such User and KB HOME, or lack of any such future transaction or dealings, and shall survive the termination of any such future transaction or dealings.
13. Miscellaneous
The use of the Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions. The 1980 UN Convention on the International Sale of Goods is hereby expressly disclaimed.
Any cause of action or claim made by a User with respect to the Site (including but not limited to the purchase of a home through a KB HOME Sales Office) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. KB HOME's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. KB HOME may assign its rights and duties under the Terms and Conditions to any party at any time without notice to the User.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Ethics
Sitemap
Equal Housing Opportunity
© 2020 KB Home. All rights reserved.
Menu
Find a Home
Arizona New Homes for Sale
Phoenix
Tucson
California New Homes for Sale
Bay Area
Central Valley
Fresno Area
Los Angeles and Ventura County
North Bay
Orange County
Riverside County
Sacramento
San Bernardino County
San Diego County
Colorado New Homes for Sale
Denver and Northern Colorado
Florida New Homes for Sale
Jacksonville / St. Augustine Area
Lakeland Area
Orlando Area
Ormond Beach / Palm Coast Area
Sarasota-Bradenton
Southeast Florida
Southwest Florida
Tampa Area
Nevada New Homes for Sale
Las Vegas
North Carolina New Homes for Sale
Raleigh / Durham
Texas New Homes for Sale
Austin
Dallas / Fort Worth
Houston
San Antonio / New Braunfels
Temple / Belton
Washington New Homes for Sale
Seattle-Tacoma Area
Arizona New Homes for Sale
Phoenix
Tucson
California New Homes for Sale
Bay Area
Central Valley
Fresno Area
Los Angeles and Ventura County
North Bay
Orange County
Riverside County
Sacramento
San Bernardino County
San Diego County
Colorado New Homes for Sale
Denver and Northern Colorado
Florida New Homes for Sale
Jacksonville / St. Augustine Area
Lakeland Area
Orlando Area
Ormond Beach / Palm Coast Area
Sarasota-Bradenton
Southeast Florida
Southwest Florida
Tampa Area
Nevada New Homes for Sale
Las Vegas
North Carolina New Homes for Sale
Raleigh / Durham
Texas New Homes for Sale
Austin
Dallas / Fort Worth
Houston
San Antonio / New Braunfels
Temple / Belton
Washington New Homes for Sale
Seattle-Tacoma Area
Need help finding a community?
Connect with us.
888-KB-Homes
Create a MyKB Profile
* required
Already have an account?
Benefits of MyKB
Take your first steps in the KB experience by creating a MyKB account.
Save communities
Compare floor plans
Share with your friends and family
Personal Information
I agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. *
I would like to receive future updates & homebuying information.
My area of interest
Select a Region *
AustinBay AreaCentral ValleyDallas / Fort WorthDenver and Northern ColoradoFresno AreaHoustonJacksonville / St. Augustine AreaLakeland AreaLas VegasLos Angeles and Ventura CountyNorth BayOrange CountyOrlando AreaOrmond Beach / Palm Coast AreaPhoenixRaleigh / DurhamRiverside CountySacramentoSan Antonio / New BraunfelsSan Bernardino CountySan Diego CountySarasota-BradentonSeattle-Tacoma AreaSoutheast FloridaSouthwest FloridaTampa AreaTemple / BeltonTucson
Select a Community
Select a Community
Personal Description
Select One *
I am looking for a new home
I am a Real Estate Professional
I am a KB homeowner / I just purchased a KB home
Where do you currently live?*
United States
--
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Log in to MyKB
Don't have a MyKB account?
Forgot your password?
Welcome to MyKB!
Thanks for registering, you are now able to:
Save and compare floor plans
Share floor plans with friends & family
Get updates on communities
Get started now!
Reset password
Forgot your password? Enter the email address associated with your profile and we'll send you a temporary password.
A new password has been sent to your email inbox.
Find a Home
Design Studio
Tips & Guides
Financing
Contact Us
Sign In
Search
Submit Search
Close
We use cookies to offer you a better, more personalized browsing experience.
By using this website, you are giving your consent for us to use cookies.
Read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.