http://www.rushlift.co.uk/privacy-policy/
FAIR PROCESSING NOTICE
Rushlift Limited collect data about people who use our website, who call us or who email us. This Fair Processing Notice explains what data we process, why we process it, our legal basis, how long we keep it and your rights.
We will always make sure that any personal data is protected and treated securely. Any information that we process will be held in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Protection Act 2018 and other UK or EU data protection legislation.
Our contact details
Company Name: Rushlift Limited
Company number: 05493140
Registered address: Unit 12 Kilvey Road, Brackmills Industrial Estate, Northampton, Northamptonshire, NN4 7BQ
Phone: 0800 731 5035
Email: sales@rushlift.co.uk
What data do we process?
When you use our website, we will collect the following personal data about you:
Your name, email, phone, your enquiry and content of your communication and the technical details of the communication itself, such as with whom you corresponded at our end, and the date and time via our ‘Contact Us Form’.
Your IP address, browser type, geographical location and operating system when you use the website
Your email so that we don’t contact you again if you have opted-out.
Your behaviour and preferences revealed by your internet use from partners such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin. This data is collected via cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information and how you can turn off these cookies.
When you place an order over email as a customer or supplier, we process:
Your order details and your contact name, the company name, postal address, telephone number and delivery details;
Details pertaining to the order itself;
Your financial details will be transferred to our payment service provider.
When you call us, we will collect the following personal data about you:
Your name, email, phone, your enquiry and content of your communication and the technical details of the communication itself, such as with whom you corresponded at our end, and the date and time of your call.
When you are an existing customer and log in to the Fleet Management System (FMS), we process:
Your account number, your name, your email address, your company name, your telephone number.
Why do we process your data?
We need your name, contact details and the technical details of the communication itself, such as with whom you corresponded at our end, and the date and time via our website in order to answer your enquiry.
We need your IP address, browser type, geographical location and operating system for security reasons.
We need your name, account number and contact details to create a unique login for your secure access to the Fleet Management System (FMS), so you can manage your fleet, to enable you to view your account statement, run a fleet status report, request quotes, raise jobs and view your fleet’s history and rental options.
If you are not a customer, we will send you marketing information and newsletters when you consent for us to do so. You have the right to unsubscribe to marketing at any time. If you do choose to unsubscribe, we will keep your name and email address on a suppression list so that we don’t email you again by accident.
If you are a customer, we will send you marketing information on similar items.
We will transfer your financial details to our payment service provider in order for you to pay for your items.
We will use your personal data for statistical analysis to improve our websites and to develop new products and services.
Our legal basis for processing
By law, we need a legal basis for processing the personal data of a client. We will process your data using the legal basis of consent, contract and legitimate interests.
Consent:
Consent is given where we ask you for permission to use your information in a specific way and you agree to this.  Where we use your information for a purpose based on consent, you have the right to withdraw consent for this purpose at any time. For example, you consent to receive our newsletter.
We will process the following personal data with your consent, which you can withdraw at any time:
the name and email when you consent to receive our newsletter and other communications.
Contract:
We will process your personal data because we have a contract with you and we cannot fulfil our part of the contract without using your data. For example, we need your name to deliver your order.
We process the following data because we have a contract with you:
Your order, your contact name, the company name, postal address, telephone number and a delivery address;
Your email to send you information about your order;
Details pertaining to the order itself; and
Your financial details will be transferred to our payment service provider.
Legitimate interests:
We have a basis to use your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for us to do so and in our “legitimate interests” (provided that what the information is used for is fair and does not unduly impact your rights).
For example, we have a legitimate interest to keep your personal data on our systems in order to keep it secure, process it and to provide you with a service. We also have a legitimate interest to send you marketing material when you are a customer or potential customer.
We only rely on legitimate interests where we have considered any potential impact on you, whether or not our processing is excessive and that our processing does not override your rights.
You have the right to object to our processing your personal data because of our legitimate interests. Please contact us if you have any concerns.
We process the following data because we have a legitimate interest:
your IP address, browser type, geographical location and operating system;
your name and email in a suppression list so that we don’t contact you again if you have opted-out;
your name and email to send you marketing material on similar items, if you are a customer of ours or a potential customer;
Your behaviour and preferences revealed by your internet use from partners such as Google, Facebook.
Sharing your data with our head office in Korea for administrative purposes.
With our third party service providers.
You can object to us processing your personal data using legitimate interest. Please contact us if you have any concerns.
How long do we hold your personal data?
We hold your data:
For enquires – for 5 + 1 years.
For marketing – until you object, unsubscribe or withdraw consent. We will keep your name and email address on a suppression list so that we don’t email you again by accident.
For the required statutory and regulatory retention periods
Who do we share your data with?
Our software and cloud service providers
Our Third Party service providers
Payment service providers
Our head office in South Korea.
Data transfers out of the EU or EEA
Your data is kept in the EU or EEA except in the following circumstances.
For data that is transferred to our head office in Korea for administrative purposes.  Korea is a non-adequate country for data transfer as determined by the European Commission. Your data is protected by EU Model Contracts between our UK office and our Korean head office. The EU Commission has determined that EU Model Contracts are sufficient safeguards on data protection for the data to be transferred internationally. You can learn more about Standard Contractual Clauses at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en.
For electronic marketing purposes we are using MailChimp.  MailChimp participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. MailChimp are committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to each Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view the certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website, here.
For competitions your data is stored with our Data Collection Provider (DCP) Logiforms, whose servers are located in Canada.  The European Commission has determined Canada as a country as offering an adequate level of data protection, recognising it with an adequacy decision.  You can read more about that decision here.
Your Rights
Your rights
You have rights in respect of our processing of your personal data which are:
To access to your personal data and information about our processing of it.  You also have the right to request a copy of your personal data (but we will need to remove information about other people).
To rectify incorrect personal data that we are processing.
To request that we erase your personal data if:
we no longer need it;
if we are processing your personal data by consent and you withdraw that consent;
if we no longer have a legitimate ground to process your personal data; or
we are processing your personal data unlawfully
To object to our processing if it is by legitimate interest.
To restrict our processing if it was by legitimate interest.
To request that your personal data be transferred (data portability) from us to another company if we were processing your data under a contract or with your consent and the processing is carried out by automated means.
If you want to exercise any of these rights, you can e-mail us on people@doosan.com.
If you have a concern about the way we are collecting or using your personal data, please raise your concern with us in the first instance on people@doosan.com.  You may also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
(published 11 Jun 2018)
When you visit our website, it will place cookies on your device. To see what cookies we serve and to set your own preferences, please see our Cookie Policy. If you agree to our use of cookies, please continue to use our website. If you don’t agree, please set your preferences before using our website. OkCookie Policy