http://www.wallstreetorganization.com/index.php/about-the-wso/terms-a-conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions - Conditions of Use
Details
Parent Category: Terms and Conditions
Published: Thursday, 29 March 2012 18:42
Welcome to our site! The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® and its associates provide their services to you subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop within this website, you accept these conditions. Please read them carefully.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Statement, which also governs your visit to our website, to understand our practices.
ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
COPYRIGHT
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of The Wall Street Organization, Inc.®, with copyright authorship for this collection by The Wall Street Organization, Inc.®, and protected by international copyright laws.
TRADE MARKS
The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not The Wall Street Organization, Inc.®, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® All other trademarks not owned by The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® or its subsidiaries that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® or its subsidiaries.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS
The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents: any collection and use of any listings or descriptions: any derivative use of this site or its contents: any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another: or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® and our associates without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® name or trademarks without the express written consent of The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® so long as the link does not portray The Wall Street Organization, Inc.®, its associates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
DESCRIPTIONS
The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® and its associates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® does not warrant that descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting The Wall Street Organization, Inc.®, you agree that the laws of the state of Arizona, USA, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® or its associates.
DISPUTES
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Arizona, USA, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® intellectual property rights, The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Arizona, USA, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrators award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY
We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
QUESTIONS:
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on Contact Us
HomeAbout UsInvestorsClientsOur PortfolioFinancial ServicesInvestment ResourcesNewsDownloadContact Us
Neither this website nor any of its content is an offer or a solicitation to invest in any security and does not form part of any solicitation or offering that may exist now or in the future. The content of this web site is provided for general information purposes only and is not intended to solicit the purchase of securities or be used as immigration, investment or tax advice. Security offerings, if any, will only be made pursuant to exemptions from registration requirements set out in applicable securities laws. The content of this web site is qualified in its entirety by any offering memorandum and related operating agreement that may exist now or in the future.
The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® is not, nor does it purport to be a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) .
Please read through the Terms and Conditions, © / ™ Notices, and Privacy Statement
Search ...
Member Log In
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Members Log-In
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?