https://www.comdronic.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Comdronic Limited’s Privacy Policy. We operate our business from Unit 7, Alpha Terrace, West Road, Ipswich, IP3 9FD, United Kingdom.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.comdronic.co.uk (our site) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the DPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) we are the data controller.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
It includes information you provide when you submit details though our contact form, place an order for products or services and when you report a problem with our site.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number and/or your company name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, browser type and version, time-zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to our site, through our site and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, lengths of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, mouse-overs and downloads) and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information we receive from other sources. This is information we receive about you where we work with third parties including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, analytics providers and search information providers). In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share such data internally and combine it with data collected on our site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data. We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree to accept them. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies on our site:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our site. They include cookies that enable you to use certain areas of our site, for example, our “Kit-List”
Analytical or performance cookies.
These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie Name
Purpose
PHPSESSID
This cookie is a necessary session cookie and is used to store any “Kit-List” items on our site.
viewed_cookie_policy
This cookie is a necessary cookie that tells us when you have seen our cookie policy pop-up and it has been closed.
_gat_gtag_UA_145865412_1
_ga
_gid
These cookies help us track the site activity for statistics and performance. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring that you can find what you are looking for easily.
We do not share the information collected by the cookies on our site with any third parties.
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser setting to block any cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to notify you about changes to our products or services; and
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; and
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
Disclosure of your information
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If our business or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others as the case may be. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How Long we store your data
We will store your information for as long as it is necessary and legal to store it for the purposes for which it was collected.
Your rights
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
The right of access
The right to correct your personal data
The right to be forgotten
The right to restrict processing
The right to object to processing
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw consent
For further information on what these rights are please visit: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
You can contact us on enquiries@comdronic.co.uk at any time to exercise any of these rights. Should you choose to exercise one or more of these rights, this may prevent us from providing some of the services which have previously been provided to you.  We will let you know if this is the case.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Unit 7, Alpha Terrace, West Road, Ipswich, IP3 9FD, United Kingdom or enquiries@comdronic.co.uk.
Note:
×
The 'Kit-List' function enables a list of products to be
prepared, including part numbers and prices.
It will be possible to print the Kit-List, for sharing with
colleagues. It will also be possible to request an official
quotation—including carriage costs and stock
availability—by submitting the Kit-List using the
form provided.
This is not an e-commerce website and you will not be able
to purchase the products in the Kit-List over the website.
Cancel
Continue