http://www.input.com/privacy
Input Tech Privacy PolicyLast Updated: May 21, 2018This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.Revisions to this Privacy Policy. Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the "Last Updated Date" above to indicate when those changes will become effective.Information Collected or Received from You.If you create an Account, we’ll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name and email address ("PII"). If you create an Account using your login credentials from your Google account, we’ll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on your Google account permit us to access. If you create an Account through the Site or your Google account, we may also collect your gender, date of birth and other information that is not considered PII because it cannot be used by itself to identify you.Account InformationInformation You and Your Authorized Users Provide. You control what information, including PII, you contribute through discussion of topics with your Team. We will collect all the information that you share via the Services. For example, if you invite the Authorized Users on your Team to your house for a meeting and add your residential address in the thread of discussion, we will collect that information, and share it with all other Authorized Users on that Team but no one else outside of that Team. So please use discretion when sharing any Customer Data.Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies. Like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as Cookies and Web Beacons to collect certain information."Cookies" are small text files that are placed on your device by a web server when you access our Services. We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the Services and to tell us how and when you interact with our Services. We may also use Cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent Cookies, session Cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your device. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties."Web Beacons" (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike Cookies, which are stored on the device, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail)."Log Data" means certain information about how a person uses our Services, including both Account holders and non-Account holders (either, a "User"). Log Data may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve, customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and preferences. We may use a person’s IP address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used. We may also correlate your IP address with other information we collect about you.Financial Information. We may collect your payment information such as credit card number, expiration date, and billing address in order to charge you for any Subscription Fee and any other payments you owe us in connection with the Services.Information Sent by Your Device. We collect certain information that your device sends when you use our Services, like a device identifier, user settings and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our Services.Location Information. When you use our Services, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geo-location.Use of Information Collected. Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services (including your Account, if you are an Authorized User), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services. We will use your PII to:Provide Services, communicate with you and provide customer support in relation to the Services;Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems;Customize your experience and otherwise measure and improve our Services;Facilitate the addition of new Authorized Users that you choose to invite;Send you relevant emails and communications (including keeping you informed about our products, offerings, and any promotional offers) that might be of interest to you. If we use your personal information to market to you, you will be able to opt out of such uses as described below; andEnforce our agreements, terms, conditions, and policies, and send you notices and alerts.Information that We Share with Third Parties. We will not share any PII that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below:Information Shared with Our Services Providers. We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These third-party services providers have access to your PII only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. We may share your PII and any necessary payment information, such as credit card number, expiration date and billing address, with our payment processing services providers in order to complete transactions that are initiated through the Services. We may also share your PII with our marketing service providers to help us better market our products and services to you. These marketing service providers may use your PII only for the purpose of helping us to provide relevant products and services information to you and are expressly obligated not to disclose your PII to others. If you don’t want us to use your PII for these marketing purpose, you can opt out by contacting us at policies@input.com.Information Shared with Your Authorized Users. The value of our Services is in allowing our Users to seamlessly share ideas and work with their Teams. Hence, we will share all the Customer Data and information you post via the Services with the Authorized Users of your Team. Rest assured, if you have more than one Teams, we will not share any Content that you post to a particular Team with anyone other than the Authorized Users of that Team. For example, if you have two Teams on the Services; Team A consisting of work colleagues, and Team B consisting of friends outside of work, then when you post something to Team A’s topic of discussion, only the Authorized Users of Team A will be able to see it, and none of the Authorized Users of Team B (or anyone else in the public) will be able to view the Contents of what you posted to Team A, and vice versa. In addition, if you invite individuals to join as Authorized Users on your Team, we may share some of your information, including PII, with such invitees, so they can identify who you are and where the information came from. We will share only the information that is relevant for the purpose of inviting such individuals.Information Shared with other Third Parties. We may share anonymized or aggregated data we collect from the use of the Services, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the Services, market trends and other analysis that we create based on the information we receive from you and other users.Information Shared with Web Analytics Services Providers. We use third party service providers to gather information about how users engage with our Site and use our Services, so we can continuously improve our Services. For example, we use Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to gather such information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Some of our other analytics service providers, include without limitation, Heroku (www.heroku.com), Intercom (www.intercom.com) and Heap (www.heapanalytics.com).Opt-out of Ad Tracking. You can opt out of the collection and use of your information for ad targeting by going to http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu to limit collection through the Site or by configuring the settings on your device to limit ad tracking through the Services.Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions. Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. Thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your PII, may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.Your Choices. We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your PII and we’ll respect the choices you make. Please note that if you decide not to provide us with the PII that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services.Opt-Out. We may periodically send you free e-mails and push notifications that directly promote our Services. We may also contact you to alert you to new features that we’ve added to our Services. When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and your Account and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy, transactional notices, or information about billing.Modifying Your Information. You can access and modify the PII associated with your Account by editing it within your Account. If you want us to delete your PII and your Account, please contact us at policies@input.com with your request. We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.Responding to Do Not Track Signals. Our Site does not have the capability to respond to "Do Not Track" signals received from various web browsers.The Security of Your Information. We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your PII) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When you enter sensitive information on our forms, we encrypt this data using SSL or other technologies and data in our databases is encrypted at rest. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information. To the extent that, in connection with the Services, you provide and we "Process" any "Personal Data" from a European "Data Subject" that is subject to General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), you shall complete a data processing addendum ("Addendum"), available at https://files.input.com/store/input-gdpr.pdf (terms in this sentence not defined herein are defined in such Addendum). To complete the Addendum, you must: (a) Complete the information in the signature box and sign on Pages 4, 11 and 12; (b) Complete the information as the data exporter on Pages 6 and 11; and (c) Send the completed and signed Addendum to us by email, indicating the email address, to dpa@input.com. Upon receipt of the validly completed Addendum by us at this email address, this Addendum will become legally binding and the terms will be hereby incorporated by reference, shall apply and the parties agree to comply with such terms.Links to Other Sites Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a "Third-party Service"). Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party Service. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access.International Transfer Your PII may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you’re located outside the United States and choose to provide your PII to us, we may transfer your PII to the United States and process it there.Our Policy Toward Children. Our Services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected PII of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.Your California Privacy Rights. California residents may request and obtain from us, once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties, if any, to which we disclosed their PII for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and the categories of PII shared with those third parties. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain that information, please submit your request by sending us an email at policies@input.com with "California Privacy Rights" in the subject line or by writing to us at 660 4th Street #659, San Francisco, CA 94107.Questions? Please contact us at policies@input.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.