https://www.versa-valves.com/legal-notices/
Home
Catalogs
Distributor Portal
Find Products
By Material
By Media
Register Your Product
Locate Distributor
Chat
Support & Downloads
Certifications & Approvals
Get Documentation
FAQs
How to Order
Request Tech Support
Sales & Service Directory
Blog
About Us
About the Company
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Legal Notices
Chat
Technical Support
MENUMENUVersaSelect
Directional Control Valves
SolenoidPilotManualMechanical
Air Preparation
FiltersFilter-RegulatorsRegulators
Accessories
Bleed Control ValvesBlock & Bleed Isolation ValvesCheck ValvesDust ExcludersFlow Control ValvesJunction BoxesNeedle ValvesPressure Gauges
.
Pressure Relief ValvesPressure SensorsPressure Status IndicatorsQuick Exhaust ValvesRebreathersShuttle ValvesSpeed ControlsVent Screens
Resources
3D ConfiguratorBlogCatalogsCertifications & ApprovalsIndustries Served
EnergyManufacturingMobile & AerospaceUtilities
Product Series by Material
BrassAluminumStainless Steel
Product Series by Media
Air & Inert GasHydraulicNatural GasWater
White Papers
Locate Distributor
Distributor Directory ListingsDistributor Map
Support
Contact Customer ServiceGet DocumentationFAQsHow to OrderRegister Your ProductRequest Tech SupportDistributor Portal
About
About the CompanyCareer OpportunitiesContact UsLegal NoticesVersa Team
Legal NoticesAKA the stuff our lawyers make us say...Product WarrantyLimited Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of RemediesVersa’s Series products are warranted to be free from defective material and workmanship for a period of ten years from the date of manufacture, provided said products are used in accordance with Versa specifications. Versa’s liability pursuant to that warranty is limited to the replacement of the Versa product proved to be defective provided the allegedly defective product is returned to Versa or its authorized distributor. Versa provides no other warranties, expressed or implied, except as stated above. There are no implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Versa’s liability for breach of warranty as herein stated is the only and exclusive remedy and in no event shall Versa be responsible or liable for incidental or consequential damages.
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the http://www.versa-valves.com website and Versa Products Co., Inc. and governs data collection and usage.
For the purposes of this policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Versa Products Co., Inc. include http://www.versa-valves.com and Versa. The Versa website is a business site. By using the Versa website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Versa may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Versa. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Versa website.
Versa encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Versa so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Versa is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Versa website.
Use of your Personal Information
Versa collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Versa may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Versa and its affiliates. Versa may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Versa does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Versa may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Versa, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Versa may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Versa, in order to determine what Versa services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising with Versa to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Versa will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Versa or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Versa; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Versa, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Versa website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Versa pages, or register with Versa site or services, a cookie helps Versa to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Versa website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Versa features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatcially accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if yhou prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Versa services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Versa secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Changes to this Statement
Versa will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Versa encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Versa is protecting your information.
Questions or Concerns
If you have questions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please e-mail webmaster@versa-valves.com
CopyrightCopyright Versa Products Company, Inc., all rights reserved. All text, images, graphics and other materials on this website are subject to the copyright and other intellectual property rights of Versa Products Company, Inc. and its subsidiary, Versa B.V. These materials may not be reproduced, distributed, modified or reposted to other websites without the express written permission of Versa Products Company, Inc.
Trademark
The trademarks appearing on this website including, but not limited to: Versa Valves and the Versa Products Company logo; Versa Valves and the Versa B.V. logo; CMAP, PaKit, Ruggd, Selectaire, VMAP and their respective logos, are trademarks of Versa Products Company, Inc.
Notices
The information contained herein is designed to be as comprehensive and factual as possible. We reserve the right, however, to make changes at any time, without notice with regards to pricing, specifications, part numbers and availability. Some links provided in this site may lead to non-Versa Products Company, Inc. sites. The information presented therein is the sole responsibility of those site owners. Versa Products Company, Inc. and its advertising agencies have no control or responsibility for the content of independent sites and provides these links to its visitors for their convenience.
Restricted MarketsNuclear Applications
Versa Products Company, Inc. is not approved for services included in any “nuclear facility.”  A “nuclear facility” is defined as any nuclear reactor. We are not approved on any equipment or device designed or used for separating the isotopes of uranium or plutonium, the processing or utilizing of “spent fuel” or the handling, processing or packaging of “waste.”  We are also not approved for any equipment or device used for the process, fabricating or alloying of nuclear material nor in any structure, basin, excavation, premise or place prepared or used for the storage or disposal of waste.
For any additional information please email us directly .
United States of America Department of The Treasury Sanctions Programs and Country Information
Versa Products Company, Inc. is a US based company and as such we bound to comply with any and all US Department of The Treasury Sanctions. US sanctions can be either comprehensive or selective and may change with some frequency. Therefore, please use link below to review current trade restrictions to accomplish foreign policy and national security goals.
http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Pages/Programs.aspx
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) now require U.S. public companies to report on the origin of tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold used in manufactured products.  These minerals are called conflict minerals because they are commonly found in regions where forced labor and other human rights abuses are used to mine these minerals and finance armed conflict, specifically in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and its adjoining countries.  The goal is to motivate manufacturers to ensure that these minerals come from conflict free sources and to prevent armed groups from benefiting from the use of force and human rights abuses.*
Versa Products Company has developed a program to determine whether any of the alloys used in the production of its products are conflict minerals under Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act.  Our program is twofold. First, we have notified all current suppliers that Versa Products Company and its subsidiary will not accept any product and or service which utilizes or contains materials in violation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.  Also as part of Versa’s program, all future or prospective suppliers are also notified. Second, Versa continues to survey current suppliers as a reminder that Versa will not accept any product and or service which is listed on or in violation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection act.
At present, Versa Products Company, Inc., Paramus, NJ, USA and its wholly owned subsidiary, Versa BV, Apeldoorn, The Netherlands, is in compliance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and does not have any reason to believe that our manufacturing facility uses any “conflict minerals.”
We welcome the opportunity to answer any questions you may have about this program. Feel free to contact us by email.
* Visit the Security and Exchange Commission’s website for more information on the Dodd-Frank Act Section 1502 and the conflict mineral regulation.
Industries we ServeUtilities
Manufacturing
Mobile & Aerospace
Energy
Valve Automation
Product PortfolioCatalogs
Products by Material
Products by Media
Technical SupportFAQs
Request Tech Support
Search for:
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Settings Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
×
Privacy Overview
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings.
Save